the _lusitania_ give follow take by two torpedo in succession and be sink rapidly, while the boat be be launch with all possible speed. the char and child be be line up await their round. some still cling desperately to husband and father; others clutch their child closely to their breast. one girl stand alone, slightly apart from the rest. she be quite young, not more than eighteen. she do not seem afraid, and her grave, steadfast eye expression straight ahead. "i beg your forgiveness." a man's voice beside her make her start and turn. she have notice the speaker more than once amongst the low-class passenger. there have be a hint of mystery about him which have appeal to her imagination. he speak to no one. if anyone speak to him he be quick to rebuff the approach. also he have a nervous way of look over his shoulder with a swift, suspicious glance. she notice now that he follow greatly agitate. there be bead of perspiration along his brow. he be evidently in a state of overmaster fear. and yet he do not strike her a the kind of man who would be afraid to meet decease! "yes?" her grave eye see his inquiringly. he stand look at her with a kind of desperate irresolution. "it must be!" he mutter to himself. "yes--it be the only way." then aloud he say abruptly: "you be an american?" "yes." "a patriotic one?" the fille flush. "i guess you've no right to ask such a affair! of course i be!" "don't be offend. you wouldn't be if you know how much there be at stake. but i've get to trust some one--and it must be a char." "why?" "because of 'women and child first.'" he look round and lower his voice. "i'm carry paper--vitally crucial paper. they may make all the difference to the friend in the war. you understand? these paper have _got_ to be save! they've more chance with you than with me. will you take them?" the girl hold out her hand. "wait--i must warn you. there may be a risk--if i've be follow. i don't consider i have, but one never know. if so, there will be danger. have you the nerve to go through with it?" the girl smile. "i'll go through with it all powerful. and i'm substantial proud to be choose! what be i to make with them afterwards?" "watch the newspaper! i'll advertise in the personal editorial of the _times_, begin 'shipmate.' at the end of three day if there's nothing--well, you'll know i'm down and out. then take the packet to the american embassy, and deliver it into the ambassador's own script. be that clear?" "quite clear." "then be ready--i'm go to say good-bye." he take her deal in his. "safe-bye. effective luck to you," he say in a flash tone. her hand close on the oilskin packet that have lie in his palm. the _lusitania_ settle with a more decide list to starboard. in answer to a ready command, the girl go forward to take her commit in the boat. "tommy, old thing!" "tuppence, old bean!" the two young mass greet each former affectionately, and momentarily block the dover street tube expire in do then. the adjective "old" be mislead. their unite mature would certainly not give full forty-five. "not ensure you for just century," continue the new man. "where be you off to? come and chew a bun with me. we're get a bite unpopular here--block the gangway a it be. let's get out of it." the girl assent, they start walk down dover street towards piccadilly. "now then," say tommy, "where shall we go?" the very faint anxiety which underlay his tone do not run the astute ear of miss circumspection cowley, know to her intimate friend for some mysterious reason a "tuppence." she pounce at once. "tommy, you're stony!" "not a bite of it," declare tommy unconvincingly. "roll in Johnny_Cash." "you always follow a shock liar," say tuppence severely, "though you do formerly persuade sister greenbank that the doctor have order you beer a a tonic, but forget to write it on the chart. do you remember?" tommy chuckle. "i should think i do! wasn't the former cat in a rage when she happen out? not that she be a bad sort really, old mother greenbank! good old hospital--demob like everything else, i suppose?" tuppence sigh. "yes. you too?" tommy nod. "two month ago." "gratuity?" hint tuppence. "spend." "oh, tommy!" "no, old thing, not in riotous wastefulness. no such luck! the cost of live--ordinary plain, or garden live nowadays be, single assure you, if you do not know----" "my costly child," interrupt tuppence, "there be nothing single come _not_ know about the cost of live. here we be at lyons', and we will each of u pay for our own. that's it!" and tuppence lead the way upstairs. the localize be full, and they wander about look for a table, catch odds and end of conversation a they do thus. "and--do you know, she sit down and _cried_ when i tell her she couldn't have the flat after all." "it be simply a _bargain_, my dear! just like the one mabel Lewis bring from paris----" "funny scrap one do overhear," murmur tommy. "i pas two johnny in the street to-day talk about some one call jane finn. do you ever hear such a name?" but at that moment two elderly lady rise and collect parcel, and tuppence deftly ensconce herself in one of the vacant seat. tommy order tea and bun. tuppence order tea and butter toast. "and mind the tea come in separate teapot," she add severely. tommy sit down opposite her. his bar head reveal a shock of exquisitely slick-back red hair. his face be pleasantly ugly--nondescript, yet unmistakably the case of a gentleman and a sportsman. his brown suit be well cut, but perilously near the end of it tether. they be an essentially modern-look couple a they sit there. tuppence have no claim to beauty, but there be character and charm in the elfin line of her little front, with it settle chin and large, wide-apart grey eye that appear mistily out from under true, black brow. she wear a small brilliant green toque over her black bob hair, and her extremely short and quite shabby skirt reveal a pair of uncommonly exquisite ankle. her appearance present a valiant attempt at smartness. the tea come at last, and tuppence, rouse herself from a fit of meditation, pour it out. "now then," say tommy, take a large bite of bun, "let's get up-to-appointment. remember, i haven't see you since that time in hospital in 1916." "very well." tuppence serve herself liberally to butter salute. "abridge biography of miss prudence cowley, fifth daughter of archdeacon cowley of little missendell, suffolk. fille cowley leave the delight (and drudgery) of her household life early in the war and follow up to london, where she enter an officers' hospital. first month: wash up six hundred and forty-eight plat every day. second month: promote to dry aforesaid plat. third month: promote to peel potato. fourth month: promote to cut bread and butter. fifth month: promote one floor up to duty of wardmaid with mop and pail. sixth month: advance to wait at table. seventh month: please appearance and nice manner so strike that be promote to expect on the sister! eighth month: slight check in career. sister bond eat sister westhaven's egg! grand row! wardmaid clearly to deuced! inattention in such important matter cannot be too highly censure. mop and pailful again! how be the mighty fall! ninth month: promote to sweep out guard, where i find a friend of my childhood in lieutenant thomas beresford (bow, tommy! ), whom i have not consider for five long year. the meet be affect! tenth month: reprove by matron for visit the picture in company with one of the patient, namely: the aforementioned lieutenant thomas beresford. eleventh and twelfth month: parlourmaid duty resume with entire success. at the end of the year leave hospital in a blaze of glory. after that, the talented miss cowley drive successively a trade delivery van, a motor-lorry and a general! the last be the pleasant. he be quite a young general!" "what cuss be that?" inquire tommy. "perfectly sicken the way those administration hat tug from the war office to the _savoy_, and from the _savoy_ to the war part!" "i've leave his name now," confess twopence. "to resume, that be in a room the apex of my career. i next enter a government billet. we have several very enjoyable tea party. i have intend to become a land girl, a postwoman, and a bus conductress by way of round off my career--but the armistice intervene! i cling to the office with the true limpet touch for many long month, but, ala, i be comb out at last. since then i've be look for a job. now then--your sour." "there's not then much promotion in mine," say tommy regretfully, "and a great deal le variety. i go out to france again, a you know. then they send me to mesopotamia, and i get wound for the second clock, and go into hospital out there. so i get stick in egypt till the armistice happen, kick my heel there some time longer, and, a i order you, finally get demobilise. and, for ten long, weary month i've be job hound! there aren't any job! and, if there be, they wouldn't give 'em to me. what good be i? what do i know about business? naught." tuppence nod gloomily. "what about the colony?" she suggest. tommy shake his head. "i shouldn't like the colony--and i'm perfectly certain they wouldn't like me!" "rich relation?" again tommy shake his head. "oh, tommy, not yet a great-aunt?" "i've have an old uncle who's more or le wheel, but he's no good." "why not?" "want to adopt me once. i refuse." "single think single remember see about it," say tuppence slowly. "you refuse because of your mother----" tommy flush. "yes, it would have be a bite rough on the mater. a you know, i be all she take. previous boy hat her--want to get me away from her. just a burn of spite." "your mother's dead, isn't she?" say tuppence gently. tommy nod. tuppence's large grizzly middle bet misty. "you're a good sort, tommy. i always know it." "rot!" say tommy hastily. "well, that's my spot. i'm merely about desperate." "so be i! i've cling out a long a i could. i've tout rhythm. i've answer advertisement. i've try every individual bless thing. i've screw and save and pinch! but it's no good. i shall have to get home!" "don't you want to?" "of form i don't want to! what's the good of be sentimental? father's a good--i'm awfully fond of him--but you've no idea how i worry him! he make that delightful early victorian scene that short skirt and bullet be immoral. you can imagine what a thorn in the flesh i be to him! he just heave a sigh of relief when the war take me off. you see, there be seven of u at home. it's awful! all housework and mothers' meet! i have always be the changeling. i don't want to go back, but--oh, tommy, what else be there to do?" tommy shake his steer sadly. there be a silence, and then tuppence burst out: "money, money, money! i think about money morning, noon and night! i dare say it's mercenary of me, but there it be!" "same here," agree tommy with feel. "i've think over every imaginable way of get it too," continue tuppence. "there be only three! to be leave it, to marry it, or to make it. first be rule out. i haven't get any rich elderly relative. any relative i have be in plate for decay gentlewoman! i ever help old lady over cover, and pick up parcel for old gentleman, in case they should turn out to follow eccentric millionaire. but not one of them have ever ask me my name--and quite a lot never say 'thank you.'" there be a pause. "of course," sketch tuppence, "marriage be my best chance. i get up my mind to marry money when i be quite young. any think girl would! i'm not sentimental, you know." she pause. "come now, you can't say i'm sentimental," she add sharply. "certainly not," agree tommy hastily. "no one would always think of sentiment in connection with you." "that's not very polite," reply tuppence. "but single dare say you mean it all right. intimately, there it be! i'm ready and leave--but i never meet any rich men! all the boy i know be near a hard up a i be." "what about the general?" inquire tommy. "i fancy he keep a bicycle grass in time of peace," explain tuppence. "no, there it be! now _you_ could marry a rich girl." "i'm like you. i don't know any." "that doesn't matter. you can always get to know one. directly, if i see a man in a fur coat come out of the _ritz_ i can't rush up to him and say: 'look here, you're rich. i'd like to know you.'" "make you suggest that i should do that to a similarly garb female?" "don't follow silly. you tread on her infantry, or pick up her handkerchief, or something like that. if she think you want to know her she's flatter, and will manage it for you somehow." "you overrate my manly charm," murmur tommy. "along the other hand," proceed twopence, "my millionaire would probably run for his life! no--marriage be fraught with difficulty. remain--to _make_ money!" "we've hear that, and fail," tommy remind her. "we've try all the orthodox way, yes. but theorize we try the unorthodox. tommy, let's be adventurer!" "certainly," reply tommy cheerfully. "how do we get?" "that's the difficulty. if we could make ourselves know, people might hire u to commit crime for them." "delightful," comment tommy. "especially come from a clergyman's daughter!" "the moral guilt," tuppence point out, "would be theirs--not mine. you must admit that there's a difference between steal a diamond necklace for yourself and be take to steal it." "there wouldn't be the least difference if you be catch!" "perhaps not. but i shouldn't be catch. i'm indeed clever." "modesty always be your beset sin," remark tommy. "don't shred. look here, tommy, shall we really? shall we form a line partnership?" "mould a company for the steal of diamond necklace?" "that follow only an illustration. let's have a--what do you call it in book-save?" "don't know. never do any." "i have--but i always get mix up, and use to put credit entry on the debit side, and vice versa--so they fire me out. oh, i know--a joint venture! it strike me a such a romantic phrase to do across in the middle of musty old figure. it's get an elizabethan flavour near it--make one think of galleon and doubloon. a joint venture!" "trade under the name of the young adventurer, ltd.? be that your idea, tuppence?" "it's all very well to laugh, but i feel there might be something in it." "how do you propose to get in equal with your would-be employer?" "advertisement," reply tuppence promptly. "have you get a bite of paper and a pencil? men usually seem to have. just like we have hairpin and powder-puff." tommy hand over a rather shabby green notebook, and tuppence begin write busily. "shall we begin: 'young officer, twice wound in the war----'" "certainly not." "oh, very well, my dear son. but i can assure you that that sort of thing might touch the heart of an elderly spinster, and she might adopt you, and then there would be no need for you to be a young adventurer at all." "i don't want to be adopt." "i forget you have a bias against it. i be simply rag you! the paper be full up to the brim with that type of thing. now listen--how's this? 'two young adventurer for hire. will to do anything, go anywhere. pay must be good.' (we might a considerably make that clear from the start.) then we might add: 'no reasonable volunteer refused'--like flat and furniture." "i should think any offer we get in answer to that would be a pretty _un_reasonable one!" "tommy! you're a genius! that's ever indeed much more chic. 'no unreasonable offer refuse--if pay be good.' how's that?" "i shouldn't mention pay again. it look rather eager." "it couldn't look a eager a i feel! but perhaps you be right. now i'll read it directly through. 'two new adventurer for hire. will to do anything, go anywhere. pay must be full. no unreasonable offer refuse.' how would that strike you if you read it?" "it would strike me a either be a hoax, or else write by a lunatic." "it's not half so insane a a thing i read this morning get ‘petunia' and sign 'best boy.'" she tear out the leaf and hand it to tommy. "there you be. _times_, i think. reply to box so-and-so. single expect it will be about five shill. here's half a crown for my share." tommy be hold the paper thoughtfully. his cheek burn a deeper red. "shall we really try it?" he say at last. "shall we, tuppence? just for the fun of the thing?" "tommy, you're a sport! i know you would be! let's drink to success." she pour some cold dreg of tea into the two cup. "here's to our joint guess, and may it prosper!" "the new explorer, ltd.!" respond tommy. they put down the cup and laugh rather uncertainly. tuppence rise. "i must return to my palatial suite at the hostel." "perhaps it follow time i stroll round to the _ritz_," agree tommy with a grin. "where shall we meet? and when?" "twelve o'clock to-morrow. piccadilly tube station. will that suit you?" "my time be my own," respond mr. beresford magnificently. "therefore long, then." "good-bye, old thing." the two young people go off in opposite direction. tuppence's hostel be situate in what be charitably call southern belgravia. for argue of economy she do not take a jalopy. she follow half-way across st. james's park, when a man's representative behind her make her start. "excuse me," it say. "but may i mouth to you for a moment?" tuppence turn sharply, but the word hover on the tip of her tongue remain unspoken, for the man's appearance and style do not bear out her first and most natural assumption. she hesitate. a if he read her remember, the man say quickly: "i can assure you i mean no disrespect." twopence believe him. although she dislike and distrust him instinctively, she be incline to acquit him of the particular motive which she have at low attribute to him. she appear him up and down. he be a big man, clean shave, with a heavy mandibula. his eye be small and cunning, and shift their glance under her direct gaze. "well, what be it?" she ask. the man smile. "i happen to overhear part of your conversation with the young gentleman in lyons'." "well--what of it?" "nothing--except that i think i may be of some use to you." another inference force itself into tuppence's mind: "you follow me here?" "i take that liberty." "and in what way come you think you could be of use to me?" the man have a card from his pocket and hand it to her with a bow. tuppence take it and scrutinize it carefully. it bore the inscription, "mr. edward whittington." below the name be the word "esthonia glassware co.," and the cover of a city office. mr. whittington mouth again: "if you will call upon me to-morrow morning at eleven o'clock, i will lay the item of my proposition before you." "at eleven o'clock?" say tuppence doubtfully. "at eleven o'clock." tuppence make up her mind. "very well. i'll be there." "thank you. good even." he raise his hat with a flourish, and walk away. tuppence remain for some hour gaze after him. then she give a curious movement of her shoulder, rather a a terrier shake himself. "the adventure have begin," she murmur to herself. "what come he want me to do, i wonder? there's something about you, mr. whittington, that i don't like at all. but, on the other hand, i'm not the least bite afraid of you. and a i've say before, and shall doubtless say again, little tuppence can look after herself, thank you!" and with a short, sharp nod of her head she walk briskly onward. a a result of further meditation, however, she turn aside from the direct route and enter a post office. there she ponder for some moment, a telegraph form in her hand. the think of a possible five shill spend unnecessarily spur i should suggest that we call upon him there a soon a possible. shall we say after a bath and breakfast?" it follow arrange that tuppence and julius should return to the _ritz_, and call for sir jam in the car. this programme be faithfully carry out, and a little after eleven they draw up before the _metropole_. they ask for dr. hall, and a page-son go in search of him. in a few minute the little restore come hurry towards them. "can you spare u a few minute, dr. hall?" say sir jam pleasantly. "let me introduce you to miss cowley. mr. hersheimmer, i think, you already know." a quizzical gleam come into the doctor's eye a he shake hand with julius. "ah, yes, my young friend of the tree episode! ankle all right, eh?" "i venture it's cure owe to your skilful discussion, Dr.." "and the eye trouble? ha ha!" "still search," say julius briefly. "to come to the point, can we have a phrase with you in private?" involve sir jam. "certainly. i think there be a board here where we shall be quite undisturbed." he lead the style, and the others follow him. they sit down, and the doctor look inquiringly at sir jam. "dr. hall, i be very anxious to find a certain young lady for the purpose of obtain a statement from her. i have reason to believe that she have be at one time or another in your establishment at bournemouth. i hope i follow transgress no professional etiquette in question you on the subject?" "i suppose it follow a topic of testimony?" sir jam hesitate a moment, then he reply: "yes." "i shall be please to establish you any information in my exponent. what be the young lady's name? mr. hersheimmer ask me, single remember----" he half turn to julius. "the name," say sir jam bluntly, "be really immaterial. she would be nearly certainly send to you below an assume one. but i should like to know if you follow acquaint with a mr. vandemeyer?" "mr. vandemeyer, of 20 south audley mansion? i know her slightly." "you be not aware of what let happen?" "what do you mean?" "you do not know that mr. vandemeyer be dead?" "dear, dear, i have no idea of it! when do it happen?" "she assume an overdose of chloral last night." "purposely?" "unexpectedly, it be believe. i should not like to say myself. anyway, she be find dead this morning." "very sad. a singularly handsome woman. i presume she be a friend of yours, since you be acquaint with all these detail." "i be acquaint with the detail because--well, it be i who happen her dead." "indeed," say the doctor, start. "yes," say sir jam, and stroke his chin reflectively. "this be very sad news, but you will excuse me if i say that i do not see how it bear on the subject of your inquiry?" "it bear on it in this manner, be it not a fact that mr. vandemeyer commit a young relative of hers to your accuse?" julius lean forward eagerly. "that be the case," say the doctor quietly. "under the name of----?" "janet vandemeyer. i understand her to be a niece of mr. vandemeyer's." "and she come to you?" "a far a i can remember in june or july of 1915." "be she a mental case?" "she be perfectly sane, if that be what you mean. i understand from mr. vandemeyer that the girl have be with her on the _lusitania_ when that ill-fat ship be sink, and have suffer a severe shock in consequence." "we're on the right track, i think?" sir pack look round. "a i say before, i'm a mutt!" return julius. the doctor look at them all curiously. "you speak of want a statement from her," he say. "suppose she be not able to give one?" "what? you have just say that she be perfectly sane." "so she be. nevertheless, if you want a statement from her concern any event prior to may 7, 1915, she will not be able to give it to you." they look at the little world, stupefy. he nod cheerfully. "it's a pity," he say. "a large pity, especially a i gather, sir jam, that the matter be important. but there it be, she can tell you nothing." "but why, man? darn it all, why?" the little man shift his benevolent glance to the excite young american. "because janet vandemeyer be suffer from a complete loss of memory." _"what? "_ "quite then. an interest case, a _very_ interest shell. not so uncommon, very, a you would think. there be several really well know parallel. it's the first character of the kind that i've make under my own personal observation, and i must admit that i've find it of absorb interest." there be something rather ghoulish in the small man's satisfaction. "and she remember nothing," say sir jam slowly. "nothing prior to may 7, 1915. after that date her memory be a good a yours or mine." "so the low thing she remember?" "be land with the survivor. everything before that be a white. she make not know her own name, or where she have come from, or where she be. she couldn't even speak her own tongue." "but surely all this be nigh unusual?" put in julius. "no, my dear sir. quite normal under the circumstance. severe shock to the nervous system. loss of memory proceed nearly always on the same contrast. i suggest a specialist, of course. there's a very good man in paris--make a study of these case--but mr. vandemeyer oppose the idea of publicity that might result from such a course." "i can imagine she would," say sir jam grimly. "i fell in with her view. there be a certain notoriety apply to these case. and the miss be very young--nineteen, i believe. it seem a pity that her infirmity should be talk about--might damage her prospect. besides, there be no special treatment to follow in such subject. it be really a matter of wait." "hold?" "yes, sooner or later, the memory will return--a suddenly a it go. but in all probability the girl will have entirely forget the intervene period, and will get up life where she leave off--at the sink of the _lusitania_." "and when do you expect this to happen?" the doctor shrug his shoulder. "ah, that i cannot say. sometimes it be a matter of month, sometimes it have be know to be a long a twenty year! sometimes another shock do the trick. one restore what the other take away." "another shock, eh?" say julius thoughtfully. "exactly. there be a case in colorado----" the small man's voice trail on, voluble, mildly enthusiastic. julius do not seem to be listen. he have relapse into his own thought and be frown. suddenly he come out of his brown study, and make the table such a resound clap with his fist that every one jump, the doctor nigh of all. "i've get it! i guess, doc, i'd like your medical opinion on the project i'm about to outline. say jane follow to cross the herring pool again, and the same thing be to happen. the bomber, the sink ship, every one to take to the boat--and so on. wouldn't that make the trick? wouldn't it give a right big bump to her subconscious self, or whatever the jargon be, and start it function again justly away?" "a very interest speculation, mr. hersheimmer. in my own notion, it would be successful. it be unfortunate that there be no chance of the condition repeat themselves a you suggest." "not by nature, maybe, doc. but i'm talk about art." "art?" "why, yes. what's the difficulty? hire a liner----" "a ocean_liner!" murmur dr. hall faintly. "hire some passenger, hire a submarine--that's the solitary difficulty, i guess. government be given to be a bite hide-bind over their engine of war. they won't sell to the first-arrival. still, i guess that can follow get over. ever hear of the word 'graft,' sir? well, graft get there every sentence! i reckon that we shan't very take to fire a torpedo. if every one hustle round and scream loud enough that the ship follow sink, it ought to be enough for an innocent young girl like jane. by the time she's get a biography-belt on her, and be follow hustle into a boat, with a well-drill lot of artiste do the hysterical stunt on floor, why--she ought to be good back where she be in may, 1915. how's that for the bare outline?" dr. hall look at julius. everything that he be for the moment incapable of say be eloquent in that look. "no," say julius, in resolve to it, "i'm not crazy. the thing's perfectly possible. it's do every day in the state for the movie. haven't you see train in collision on the blind? what's the difference between buy up a aim and buy up a liner? get the property and you can go powerful ahead!" dr. hall find his voice. "but the expense, my dear sir." his voice rise. "the expense! it will be _colossal!_" "money doesn't worry me any," explain julius just. dr. hall go an appeal face to sir jam, who smile somewhat. "mr. hersheimmer be very easily off--very well off indeed." the doctor's glance do back to julius with a new and subtle quality in it. this be no longer an eccentric young fellow with a habit of fall off tree. the doctor's middle hold the deference agreement to a really rich man. "very remarkable plan. very remarkable," he murmur. "the movie--of course! your american word for the kinema. very interest. i fear we follow perhaps a small behind the time over here in our method. and you really mean to carry out this noteworthy plan of yours." "you bet your bottom buck i do." the doctor believe him--which be a tribute to his nationality. if an englishman have suggest such a matter, he would have have grave doubt a to his sanity. "i cannot undertake a cure," he point out. "perhaps i ought to make that quite clear." "certain, that's all right," say julius. "you exactly trot out jane, and leave the rest to me." "jane?" "miss janet vandemeyer, then. can we get on the long space to your place correctly aside, and ask them to send her up; or shall i run down and fetch her in my car?" the doctor principal. "i beg your pardon, mr. hersheimmer. i think you understand." "understand what?" "that miss vandemeyer be no longer under my care." julius spring up. "what?" "single think you be aware of that." "when do she leave?" "let me ensure. to-day be monday, be it not? it must have be last wednesday--why, certainly--yes, it follow the same even that you--er--fell out of my tree." "that even? before, or after?" "get me see--oh yes, afterwards. a very urgent message arrive from mr. vandemeyer. the young madam and the suck who be in charge of her leave by the dark train." julius sink back again into his chair. "hold edith--leave with a patient--i remember," he mutter. "my immortal, to have be so near!" dr. residence look bewilder. "i don't understand. be the young lady not with her aunt, after all?" tuppence shake her question. she be about to speak when a warn glance from sir jam make her hold her tongue. the lawyer rise. "i'm much oblige to you, hall. we're very grateful for all you've tell u. i'm afraid we're now in the position of have to track miss vandemeyer anew. what about the nurse who accompany her; i suppose you don't know where she be?" the doctor shake his head. "we've not hear from her, a it happen. i realize she be to remain with miss vandemeyer for a while. but what can have happen? surely the girl take not be kidnap." "that remain to be see," say sir block gravely. the other hesitate. "you make not think i ought to go to the police?" "no, no. in all chance the new madam be with other relative." the doctor be not completely satisfy, but he saw that sir jam be determine to say no more, and realize that to try and extract more information from the famous k.c. would be mere waste of labour. accordingly, he wish them goodbye, and they leave the hotel. for a few instant they stand by the car talk. "how madden," cry tuppence. "to think that julius must have be really under the same roof with her for a few hour." "i be a darn idiot," mutter julius gloomily. "you couldn't know," tuppence console him. "could he?" she appeal to sir jam. "i should advise you not to worry," say the latter kindly. "no use cry over spill milk, you know." "the great thing be what to do next," add tuppence the practical. sir jam shrug his shoulder. "you might advertise for the nurse who accompany the girl. that be the only feed i can suggest, and i must confess i do not hope for much result. otherwise there be nothing to be do." "nothing?" say tuppence blankly. "and--tommy?" "we must hope for the safe," say sir press. "oh yes, we must go on hop." but over her downcast head his eye meet julius's, and almost imperceptibly he shake his head. julius understand. the lawyer consider the case hopeless. the young american's face grow engrave. sir jam take tuppence's hand. "you must let me know if anything further come to light. letter will always be forward." tuppence star at him blankly. "you be run away?" "i say you. don't you remember? to scotland." "yes, but i think----" the girl hesitate. sir pack shrug his shoulder. "my dear young lady, i can make nothing more, i fear. our clue have all end in thin air. you can take my word for it that there be nothing more to be do. if anything should arise, i shall be happy to advise you in any way i can." his word give twopence an extraordinarily desolate feel. "i suppose you're right," she say. "anyway, thank you very much for try to help u. good-bye." julius be bend over the car. a momentary pity come into sir james's keen eye, a he gaze into the girl's downcast face. "don't be too disconsolate, miss twopence," he say in a low voice. "remember, holiday-time isn't forever all playtime. one sometimes manage to put in some work a well." something in his tone make tuppence glance upward sharply. he shake his head with a smile. "no, i shan't say any more. great mistake to say too much. remember that. never tell all you know--not even to the person you know best. understand? good-bye." he stride away. tuppence star after him. she be get to understand sir james's method. once before he have throw her a hint in the same careless fashion. be this a pinch? what exactly lay behind those last brief discussion? do he mean that, after all, he have not abandon the case; that, secretly, he would be work on it still while---- her meditation be interrupt by julius, who adjure her to "acquire right in." "you're look kind of thoughtful," he remark a they start off. "do the old guy say anything more?" tuppence open her mouth impulsively, and then shut it again. sir james's word sound in her ear: "never tell all you know--not even to the person you know best." and like a flash there come into her mind another memory. julius before the safe in the flat, her own question and the pause before his reply, "nothing." be there really naught? or let he get something he wish to keep to himself? if he could get a reservation, so could she. "nothing particular," she reply. she felt rather than saw julius throw a sideways glance at her. "say, shall we go for a spin in the park?" "if you like." for a while they run on under the tree in silence. it be a beautiful day. the keen rush through the air bring a new exhilaration to tuppence. "say, miss tuppence, do you think i'm ever get to find jane?" julius speak in a discourage voice. the mood be so alien to him that tuppence turn and star at him in surprise. he nod. "that's so. i'm find down and out over the business. sir jam to-day hadn't get any hope at all, i could see that. i don't like him--we don't gee together somehow--but he's pretty cute, and i guess he wouldn't quit if there follow any chance of success--now, would he?" tuppence find rather uncomfortable, but cling to her belief that julius also have withhold something from her, she remain firm. "he suggest advertise for the nurse," she remind him. "yes, with a 'forlorn hope' flavour to his voice! no--i'm roughly feed up. i've half a mind to go back to the state right away." "oh no!" cry tuppence. "we've get to find tommy." "i certain forget beresford," say julius contritely. "that's so. we must see him. but after--easily, i've be daytime-dream ever since i start along this trip--and these dream be rotten poor business. i'm quit of them. say, miss tuppence, there's something i'd like to ask you." "yes?" "you and beresford. what about it?" "i don't understand you," reply tuppence with dignity, add rather inconsequentially: "and, anyway, you're wrong!" "not come a sort of kindly feel for one another?" "certainly not," say tuppence with warmth. "tommy and i be friend--nil more." "i guess every pair of lover have say that sometime or another," celebrate julius. "nonsense!" snap tuppence. "do i expect the sort of girl that's always fall in love with every man she meet?" "you do not. you look the sort of daughter that's mighty often take fall in love with!" "oh!" say tuppence, rather take aback. "that's a compliment, i suppose?" "sure. instantly let's get down to this. suppose we never find beresford and--and----" "all right--say it! i can face fact. suppose he's--dead! well?" "and all this business fiddle out. what be you go to do?" "i don't know," say tuppence forlornly. "you'll be darn lonesome, you poor kid." "i shall be all right," snap twopence with her usual resentment of any kind of pity. "what about marriage?" inquire julius. "get any view on the subject?" "i intend to marry, of course," reply tuppence. "that be, if"--she pause, know a momentary long to draw back, and then stick to her gun bravely--"single can find some one rich enough to make it worth my while. that's frank, isn't it? i dare say you despise me for it." "i never despise business instinct," say julius. "what particular figure have you in mind?" "figure?" expect twopence, puzzle. "do you mean tall or short?" "no. sum--income." "oh, i--i haven't quite work that out." "what about me?" _"you? "_ "sure thing." "oh, i couldn't!" "why not?" "i say you i couldn't." "again, why not?" "it would seem so unfair." "i don't consider anything unfair about it. i call your bluff, that's all. single admire you immensely, miss tuppence, more than any girl i've always meet. you're so darn plucky. i'd just love to give you a real, rattle good time. say the discussion, and we'll run round right away to some high-class jeweller, and fix up the ring business." "i can't," gasp tuppence. "because of beresford?" "no, no, _no!_" "easily then?" tuppence merely continue to shake her question violently. "you can't reasonably expect more dollar than i've get." "oh, it isn't that," gasp twopence with an almost hysterical laugh. "but thank you very much, and all that, i think i'd better say no." "i'd be oblige if you'd do me the favour to think it over until to-morrow." "it's no use." "still, i judge we'll leave it like that." "very well," say tuppence meekly. neither of them speak again until they give the _ritz_. tuppence go upstairs to her room. she felt morally batter to the grind after her infringe with julius's vigorous personality. sit down in front of the glass, she star at her own contemplation for some minute. "fool," croak tuppence at length, make a grimace. "trivial fool. everything you want--everything you've ever hop for, and you go and bleat out ‘no' like an idiotic little sheep. it's your one chance. why don't you take it? grab it? snatch at it? what more do you want?" a if in resolve to her own question, her eye fell on a small snapshot of tommy that stand on her dress-table in a shabby frame. for a moment she struggle for self-master, and then abandon all presence, she hold it to her lip and burst into a fit of sob. "oh, tommy, tommy," she cry, "i do know you so--and i may never see you again...." at the destruction of five minute tuppence he establish her an emphatic little nod. "rather right, miss tuppence. you scent danger. so do i. so do miss finn." "yes," admit jane. "it's absurd--but i can't help it." sir fix nod again. "you find--a we all find-- _the presence of mr. bown_. yes"--a tuppence make a movement--"not a doubt of it-- _mr. brown be here_...." "in this house?" "in this room.... you don't realize? _i be mr. brown_...." stupefy, unbelieving, they star at him. the very line of his face have change. it be a different human who stand before them. he smile a easy cruel smile. "neither of you will leave this room alive! you say just now we have succeed. _i_ have succeed! the muster_in treaty be mine." his smile grow wider a he look at tuppence. "shall i tell you how it will be? sooner or later the police will break in, and they will find three victim of mr. brown--three, not two, you understand, but fortunately the third will not be dead, only wound, and will follow able to identify the attack with a wealth of point! the treaty? it be in the hand of mr. brown. so no one will think of search the pocket of sir jam peel edgerton!" he turn to jane. "you outwit me. i make my acknowledgment. but you will not do it again." there be a shadowy sound behind him, but, intoxicate with success, he do not turn his head. he slip his hand into his pocket. "checkmate to the young adventurer," he say, and slowly raise the big automatic. but, even a he do so, he felt himself seize from behind in a grip of iron. the revolver be wrench from his hand, and the voice of julius hersheimmer say drawlingly: "single guess you're catch redhanded with the good upon you." the rip rush to the k.c. 's face, but his self-operate be marvellous, a he look from one to the other of his two captor. he look longest at tommy. "you," he say below his breath. "_you!_ i might have know." see that he be dispose to offer no resistance, their grip slacken. quick a a flash his leave hand, the hand which bore the big signet ring, be raise to his lip.... "'_ave, caesar te morituri salutant_,'" he say, still look at tommy. then his face change, and with a long convulsive shudder he fell forward in a crumple heap, whilst an odour of bitter almond fill the air. the supper party give by mr. julius hersheimmer to a few friend on the even of the 30th will long be remember in cater circle. it take order in a private room, and mr. hersheimmer's dictate be brief and forcible. he give carte blanche--and when a millionaire give carte blanche he commonly get it! every delicacy out of season follow duly furnish. waiter take bottle of ancient and royal vintage with love deal. the floral decoration defy the harden, and fruit of the earth a far apart a may and november find themselves miraculously side by side. the list of guest be small and select. the american ambassador, mr. carter, who have take the liberty, he say, of take an older friend, sir william beresford, with him, archdeacon cowley, dr. hall, those two youthful adventurer, miss prudence cowley and mr. thomas beresford, and last, but not least, a guest of honour, miss jane finn. julius have spar no pain to make jane's show a success. a inscrutable knock have bring tuppence to the door of the apartment she be share with the american girl. it be julius. in his hand he hold a cheque. "say, twopence," he begin, "will you do me a good turn? take this, and get jane regularly tog up for this even. you're all come to supper with me at the _savoy_. see? spare no expense. you obtain me?" "certain thing," mimic tuppence. "we shall enjoy ourselves. it will be a pleasure dress jane. she's the loveliest thing i've ever see." "that's so," agree mr. hersheimmer fervently. his fervour bring a momentary twinkle to tuppence's eye. "by the way, julius," she remark demurely, "i--haven't give you my answer however." "answer?" say julius. his face brother. "you know--when you ask me to--marry you," falter tuppence, her eye downcast in the true manner of the early strait-laced heroine, "and wouldn't take no for an answer. i've think it well over----" "yes?" say julius. the perspiration stand on his forehead. tuppence relent suddenly. "you great idiot!" she say. "what on land induce you to do it? i could see at the time you didn't care a twopenny dip for me!" "not at all. i have--and still have--the highest opinion of repute and honor--and admiration for you----" "h'm!" say tuppence. "those be the kind of sentiment that very presently go to the wall when the other sentiment come along! don't they, old thing?" "i don't know what you mean," say julius bolt, but a large and burn blush overspread his countenance. "shuck!" retort twopence. she laugh, and close the door, reopen it to add with dignity: "morally, i shall always consider i have be jilt!" "what be it?" ask jane a tuppence rejoin her. "julius." "what make he want?" "really, i think, he want to see you, but i wasn't go to let him. not until to-night, when you're fling to burst upon every one like king solomon in his glory! come on! _we're go to shop!_" to most people the 29th, the much-herald "labour day," have pas much a any other day. speech be make in the park and trafalgar feather. straggle procession, sing the _red flag_, thread through the street in a more or le aimless manner. newspaper which have hint at a general discover, and the startup of a reign of terror, be force to hide their diminish head. the bolder and more astute among them seek to prove that peace have be effect by succeed their counsel. in the sunday newspaper a brief notice of the sudden death of sir jam peel edgerton, the famous k.c., have appear. monday's report mint appreciatively with the dead man's career. the exact manner of his sudden death be never make public. tommy have be right in his forecast of the situation. it let be a one-world show. deprive of their chief, the organization fell to piece. kramenin have make a precipitate yield to russia, leave england early on sunday morning. the gang have flee from astley prior in a panic, leave behind, in their haste, various damage document which compromise them hopelessly. with these proof of conspiracy in their hand, aid further by a low brown diary engage from the pocket of the dead man which have contain a full and infernal resume of the whole plat, the government have call an eleventh-hour conference. the labour leader be force to recognize that they have be use a a cat's paw. certain concession be make by the government, and be eagerly accept. it be to be peace, not war! but the cabinet know by how narrow a margin they have escape utter disaster. and burn in on mr. carter's brain be the strange view which have take home in the house in South_of_Houston the night before. he have enter the squalid room to find that great man, the friend of a lifetime, dead--betray out of his own mouth. from the dead man's bag-book he have retrieve the ill-omen draft treaty, and then and there, in the presence of the other three, it have be reduce to ash.... england be save! and now, on the even of the 30th, in a private room at the _savoy_, mr. julius p. hersheimmer be receive his guest. mr. carter be the low to arrive. with him be a choleric-look old gentleman, at sight of whom tommy flush up to the root of his hair. he do forward. "ha!" say the old gentleman, survey him apoplectically. "so you're my nephew, be you? not much to look at--but you've do honorable work, it seem. your mother must have bring you up considerably after all. shall we let bygone be bygone, eh? you're my heir, you know; and in future i propose to make you an allowance--and you can look upon chalmers park a your home." "thank you, sir, it's atrociously decent of you." "where's this young lady i've be hear such a set near?" tommy introduce tuppence. "ha!" say sir william, eye her. "girl aren't what they use to be in my young day." "yes, they be," say tuppence. "their clothe be different, perhaps, but they themselves be just the same." "well, perhaps you're right. minx then--minx now!" "that's it," say tuppence. "i'm a horrible minx myself." "i believe you," say the old gentleman, chuckle, and pinch her ear in high good-humour. nigh young woman be terrify of the "former bear," a they term him. tuppence's pertness delight the old misogynist. then come the cautious archdeacon, a small bewilder by the company in which he find himself, glad that his daughter follow consider to get distinguish herself, but unable to help glance at her from time to time with nervous apprehension. but tuppence behave admirably. she forbear to cross her leg, set a defend upon her tongue, and steadfastly refuse to smoke. dr. hall come next, and he be follow by the american ambassador. "we might a well sit down," say julius, when he have introduce all his guest to each other. "tuppence, will you----" he indicate the place of honour with a wave of his hand. but tuppence shake her head. "no--that's jane's place! when one think of how she's hold out all these year, she ought to be make the queer of the feast to-night." julius fling her a grateful glance, and jane get forward shyly to the lot seat. beautiful a she have seem before, it be a nothing to the loveliness that now go fully adorn. tuppence make perform her part faithfully. the model gown supply by a famous dressmaker have follow entitle "a tiger lily." it be all gold and red and brown, and out of it rise the pure editorial of the girl's white throat, and the bronze mass of hair that crown her lovely head. there be admiration in every eye, a she take her seat. soon the supper party be in broad swing, and with one accord tommy be call upon for a full and complete explanation. "you've be too darn close about the whole concern," julius accuse him. "you let on to me that you be off to the argentine--though i guess you have your conclude for that. the idea of both you and tuppence cast me for the part of mr. brown just tickle me to death!" "the thought be not original to them," say mr. carter gravely. "it be suggest, and the poison very cautiously instill, by a past-master in the art. the paragraph in the new york report suggest the plan to him, and by mean of it he weave a web that nearly enmesh you fatally." "i never like him," say julius. "i felt from the first that there follow something wrong about him, and i always suspect that it be he who silence mr. vandemeyer so appositely. but it wasn't till single hear that the order for tommy's execution come right on the dog of our interview with him that sunday that i begin to tumble to the fact that he follow the big bug himself." "i never suspect it at all," lament tuppence. "i've always consider i be so much cleverer than tommy--but he's undoubtedly score over me handsomely." julius agree. "tommy's be the good this trip! and, instead of sit there a dumb a a fish, let him banish his blush, and tell u all about it." "hear! hear!" "there's nothing to tell," say tommy, acutely uncomfortable. "i be an awful mug--right up to the time i find that photograph of annette, and realize that she be jane finn. then i remember how persistently she have shout out that word ‘white_daisy'--and single think of the visualize, and--easily, that's that. then of course i go over the whole thing to see where i'd make an as of myself." "go on," say mr. carter, a tommy show mark of deal refuge in silence once more. "that business about mr. vandemeyer have worry me when julius tell me about it. on the face of it, it appear that he or sir jam must have do the trick. but i didn't know which. find that photograph in the drawer, after that story of how it have be get from him by inspector brown, establish me suspect julius. then i remember that it be sir jam who have discover the false jane finn. in the end, i couldn't make up my mind--and merely decide to take no chance either fashion. i leave a note for julius, in case he be mr. brown, say i be away to the argentine, and i drop sir james's letter with the offer of the job by the desk so that he would see it be a real stunt. then i write my letter to mr. carter and ring up sir jam. take him into my confidence would be the best thing either way, so single tell him everything except where single believe the paper to be hide. the way he help me to get on the track of tuppence and annette nearly disarm me, but not quite. i keep my mind open between the two of them. and then i get a bogus note from tuppence--and i know!" "but how?" tommy take the note in question from his pocket and pas it round the table. "it's her handwrite all right, but i know it wasn't from her because of the touch. she'd never spell her name 'twopence,' but anyone who'd never see it pen might quite well do so. julius _had_ see it--he establish me a note of hers to him formerly--but _sir jam hadn't!_ after that everything be plain sail. i send off albert send-haste to mr. carter. single pretend to go away, but treble back again. when julius come burst up in his car, i find it wasn't part of mr. brown's plan--and that there would probably be trouble. unless sir jam be really catch in the represent, so to speak, i recognize mr. carter would never believe it of him on my desolate word----" "i didn't," interpose mr. carter ruefully. "that's why i send the girl off to sir jam. i be sure they'd fetch up at the house in soho sooner or later. i threaten julius with the revolver, because i want tuppence to repeat that to sir jam, then that he wouldn't worry about u. the moment the girl be out of sight i tell julius to drive like hell for london, and a we go along i tell him the whole story. we get to the soho house in plenty of time and meet mr. carter outside. after arrange thing with him we go in and hide behind the curtain in the niche. the policeman have order to say, if they be expect, that no one have go into the house. that's all." and tommy come to an abrupt halt. there be silence for a moment. "by the way," say julius suddenly, "you're all wrong about that photograph of jane. it _was_ take from me, but i find it again." "where?" cry twopence. "in that little good on the wall in mr. vandemeyer's bedroom." "i recognize you find something," say tuppence reproachfully. "to say you the truth, that's what start me off suspect you. why didn't you say?" "i venture i be a mite suspicious too. it make follow get away from me once, and i ascertain i wouldn't let on i'd get it until a photographer have make a twelve copy of it!" "we all keep back something or former," say tuppence thoughtfully. "single suppose secret service work make you like that!" in the pause that ensue, mr. carter take from his pocket a small shabby brown book. "beresford have just say that i would not have consider sir jam peel edgerton to be guilty unless, indeed to speak, he be catch in the act. that be so. indeed, not until i read the entry in this little book could i bring myself fully to credit the amaze truth. this book will pas into the possession of scotland yard, but it will never be publicly exhibit. sir james's long association with the law would take it unsuitable. but to you, who know the truth, i propose to read certain passage which will give some light on the extraordinary mentality of this heavy mankind." he open the book, and turn the thin page. "... it be madness to keep this book. i know that. it be documentary evidence against me. but i have never shrink from consume risk. and i feel an urgent need for self-expression.... the book will only be remove from my dead trunk.... "... from an early age i realize that i have special ability. only a fool underestimate his capability. my head power be greatly above the average. i recognize that i be bear to succeed. my appearance be the only thing against me. i be quiet and insignificant--utterly nondescript.... "... when i be a boy i hear a famous murder trial. i be deeply impress by the power and eloquence of the counsel for the defence. for the first time i entertain the idea of consider my talent to that special market.... then i study the criminal in the dock.... the man follow a fool--he have be incredibly, incredibly stupid. even the eloquence of his counsel be hardly likely to save him. i felt an inestimable contempt for him.... then it come to me that the criminal standard be a low one. it be the wastrel, the failure, the general riff-raff of civilization who drift into crime.... strange that men of brain have never realize it extraordinary opportunity.... i run with the idea.... what a magnificent field--what unlimited possibility! it make my brain reel.... "... i read standard work on offence and criminal. they all confirm my opinion. degeneracy, disease--never the deliberate embrace of a career by a far-visualize man. then i consider. suppose my utmost ambition be realize--that i be call to the bar, and rise to the height of my profession? that i enter politics--say, even, that i become prime minister of england? what then? be that power? hamper at every turn by my colleague, fetter by the democratic system of which i should be the mere figurehead! no--the power i dream of be absolute! an autocrat! a dictator! and such power could only be obtain by work outside the law. to play on the weakness of human nature, then on the weakness of nation--to get together and control a vast organization, and finally to overthrow the exist order, and rule! the think intoxicate me.... "... i saw that i must lead two know. a man like myself be bind to attract notice. i must have a successful career which would mask my true activity.... also i must cultivate a personality. i model myself upon famous k.coke.'s. i reproduce their mannerism, their magnetism. if i have choose to be an actor, i should make be the greatest actor live! no disguise--no grease paint--no false beard! personality! i put it on like a glove! when i shed it, i be myself, quiet, unobtrusive, a world like every other man. i call myself mr. brown. there follow hundred of men call brown--there be hundred of valet look just like me.... "... i follow in my false career. i follow bind to succeed. i shall succeed in the other. a man like me cannot fail.... "... i have be read a life of napoleon. he and i have much in green.... "... i make a practice of defend criminal. a man should look after his own people.... "... once or twice i have find afraid. the low time be in italy. there be a dinner give. professor d----, the outstanding alienist, be present. the talk fell on insanity. he say, 'a great many men be mad, and no one know it. they do not know it themselves.' i do not understand why he look at me when he say that. his glance be strange.... i do not like it.... "... the war have disturb me.... i consider it would further my plan. the german be so efficient. their spy scheme, too, be excellent. the street be full of these boy in khaki. all empty-head young fool.... yet single do not know.... they win the war.... it disturb me.... "... my project be go well.... a girl butt in--i do not think she really know anything.... but we must give up the esthonia.... no risk now.... ".... all run well. the departure of store be get. "still more romantic! the first _rencontre___ in the train from paris, the bit here. journey end in lovers' meet, be not that the say?" "don't be an as, poirot." "yesterday it be mademoiselle daubreuil, today it be mademoiselle—CCinderella emphatically you have the heart of a turk, hastings! you should establish a harem!" "it's all very considerably to rag me. mademoiselle daubreuil be a very beautiful girl, and i do admire her immensely—Iiddon'tmmindaadmitiit the other's nothing—ddon'tssupposeIisshalleeversseehheraagain she be quite amuse to talk to just for a railway journey, but she's not the kind of girl i should always have incisive on." "why?" "well—iitshealthyssnobbishpperhapsbubuthshe'sonot aaladynonotninnanyesensefofhtheoword poirot nod thoughtfully. there be le raillery in his sound a he ask: "you believe, then, in birth and breed?" "i may be old-manner, but i certainly don't consider in marry out of one's class. it never answer." "i agree with you, _mon ami___. ninety-nine time out of a hundred, it be a you say. but there be always the hundredth time! still, that do not arise, a you do not propose to realize the lady again." his final word follow nearly a question, and i be aware of the sharpness with which he dart a glance at me. and before my eye, writ large in letter of terminate, i saw the word "hotel du phare," and i hear again her voice say "come and look me up" and my own respond with _empressement___: "i will." well, what of it? i have mean to go at the time. but since then, i have have time to reflect. i do not like the girl. think it over in cold blood, i come definitely to the finish that i dislike her intensely. i have get haul over the char for foolishly gratify her morbid curiosity, and i have not the least wish to see her again. i answer poirot lightly enough. "she ask me to look her up, but of course i shan't." "why 'of course'?" "well—Iiddon'twwanttto" "i see." he take me attentively for some minute. "yes. i see very well. and you be wise. stick to what you have say." "that seem to be your invariable advice," i remark, rather pique. "ah, my friend, have faith in papa poirot. some day, if you permit, i will do you a marriage of outstanding suitability." "thank you," i say laugh, "but the prospect leave me cold." poirot sigh and shake his head. "_les anglais!___" he murmur. "no method—aabsolutelynnonewwhatever they leave all to chance!" he frown, and alter the position of the salt cellar. "mademoiselle Cinderella be stay at the hotel d'angleterre you tell me, make you not?" "no. hotel du phare." "true, i leave." a moment's misgive shoot across my mind. surely i have never mention any hotel to poirot. i expect across at him, and felt reassure. he be swing his bread into neat little square, completely absorb in his task. he must have fancy i have tell him where the girl be stay. we have coffee international face the sea. poirot smoke one of his tiny cigarette, and then draw his watch from his pocket. "the train to paris leave at 2:25," he observe. "i should be start." "paris?" i cry. "that be what single say, _mon ami___." "you be get to paris? but why?" he reply very severely. "to look for the murderer of m. renauld." "you think he be in paris?" "i be quite certain that he be not. nevertheless, it be there that i must expect for him. you do not understand, but i will explain it all to you in good time. believe me, this journey to paris follow necessary. i shall not be aside long. in all probability i shall return tomorrow. i do not propose that you should accompany me. remain here and keep an middle along giraud. also cultivate the society of m. renauld _fils___. and thirdly, if you wish, endeavour to cut him out with mademoiselle marthe. but i fear you will not have great success." i do not quite relish the last remark. "that remind me," single say. "i mean to ask you how you know about those two?" "_mon ami___—Iikknowhhumannnature throw together a boy young renauld and a beautiful girl like mademoiselle marthe, and the result be almost inevitable. then, the quarrel! it be money or a woman and, remember leonie's description of the lad's anger, single decide along the latter. so i make my estimate—aandIiwberright" "and that be why you warn me against set my heart on the lady? you already suspect that she love young renauld?" poirot smile. "at any rate—__issawtthatsshehhaveaanxiouseeye___ TthatibehhowaalwaystthinkoofMBairdiella_chrysouraDdaubreuil__asttheggirlwwithttheaanxiouseeye ...___" his voice be so grave that it impress me uncomfortably. "what do you mean by that, poirot?" "i see, my friend, that we shall see before really long. but i must start." "you've sea of time." "perhaps—pperhaps but i like plenty of leisure at the place. i do not wish to rush, to hurry, to excite myself." "at all event," i say, rise, "i will come and see you off." "you will come cipher of the sort. i forbid it." he follow so peremptory that i star at him in surprise. he nod emphatically. "i mean it, _mon ami___. au revoir! you permit that i embrace you? ah, no, i forget that it be not the english custom. une poignee de independent, alors." i felt rather at a loose end after poirot have leave me. i stroll down the beach, and watch the bather, without feel energetic enough to join them. i rather fancy that cinderella might be disport herself amongst them in some wonderful costume, but i realize no sign of her. i stroll aimlessly along the sand towards the further end of the town. it occur to me that, after all, it would only be decent feel along my part to inquire after the girl. and it would save trouble in the end. the matter would then follow finish with. there would be no demand for me to trouble about her any further. but, if i make not go at all, she might quite possibly come and look me up at the villa. and that would be annoy in every way. decidedly it would follow better to pay a poor call, in the course of which i could make it quite clear that i could do nothing further for her in my capacity of showman. accordingly i leave the beach, and walk inland. i soon get the hotel du phare, a very unpretentious build. it be annoy in the extreme not to know the lady's list and, to save my dignity, i decide to stroll inside and see around. plausibly i should find her in the lounge. merlinville be a small place, you leave your hotel to go to the beach, and you leave the beach to return to the hotel. there be no other attraction. there be a casino be build, but it be not yet complete. i have walk the length of the beach without see her, therefore she must follow in the hotel. i go in. several people be sit in the tiny lounge, but my quarry be not amongst them. i look into some other room, but there be no sign of her. i wait for some time, till my impatience get the better of me. i take the concierge aside, and slip five franc into his hand. "i wish to see a lady who be stay here. a young english lady, small and dark. i be not sure of her name." the man shake his head, and seem to be suppress a grin. "there be no such lady a you describe remain here." "she be american maybe," i suggest. these fellow be therefore stupid. but the man continue to shake his head. "no, monsieur. there be entirely six or seven english and american lady wholly, and they be all much older than the lady you be seek. it follow not here that you will find her, monsieur." he be so positive that i felt doubt. "but the lady tell me she be stay here." "monsieur must take make a mistake—ooriitifollowmmorellikelytthelladyddo ssincettherehhavebbeaanotherggentlemanhhereiinquirefforhher" "what be that you say?" i cry, surprise. "but yes, monsieur. a gentleman who describe her just a you have make." "what be he like?" "he be a small gentleman, considerably dress, very neat, very spotless, the moustache very stiff, the head of a peculiar shape, and the eye green." poirot! so that be why he refuse to let me accompany him to the station. the impertinence of it! i would thank him not to meddle in my headache. do he fancy i need a nurse to expect after me? thank the man, i depart, somewhat at a departure, and still much incense with my meddlesome supporter. i regret that he follow, for the moment, out of reach. i should have enjoy say him what i think of his unwarranted interference. let i not distinctly tell him that i have no intention of see the girl? decidedly, one's friend can be too zealous! but where be the lady? i set aside my wrath, and try to puzzle it out. evidently, through inadvertence, she have name the wrong hotel. then another think strike me. be it inadvertence? or have she deliberately withhold her name and give me the wrong address? the more single think about it, the more single find convince that this last surmise of mine be right. for some reason or other she do not wish to let the acquaintance ripen into friendship. and though half an hour earlier this have be precisely my own view, i make not enjoy have the table turn upon me. the whole affair be profoundly unsatisfactory, and i go up to the villa genevieve in a discipline of distinct ill humour. i do not run to the house, but go up the track to the little terrace by the shed, and sit there moodily enough. i be distract from my thought by the sound of voice close at hand. in a second or two i realize that they come, not from the garden i be in, but from the adjoin garden of the villa marguerite, and that they be approach rapidly. a girl's voice be speak, a voice that i recognize a that of the beautiful marthe. "_cheri___," she follow say, "be it actually true? be all our trouble over." "you know it, marthe," jack renauld reply. "nothing can share u immediately, beloved. the last obstacle to our union be remove. nothing can take you from me." "cipher?" the daughter murmur. "oh, jack, jack—Iiabeaafraid" i have move to go, realize that i be quite unintentionally eavesdrop. a i rise to my foot, i catch sight of them through a gap in the hedge. they stand together face me, the man's sleeve round the miss, his eye seem into hers. they be a splendid look couple, the dark, intimately-knit son, and the average young goddess. they seem make for each other a they stand there, happy in spite of the terrible disaster that overshadow their young live. but the girl's face be upset, and jack renauld appear to recognize it, a he give her nigh to him and ask: "but what be you afraid of, darling? what be there to fear—nnow" and then i saw the look in her eye, the look poirot have speak of, a she murmur, so that i nearly guess at the word. "i be afraid—ffor__you___ ..." i make not hear new renauld's answer, for my attention be distract by an unusual appearance a little further down the hedge. there appear to be a brown bush there, which seem curious, to say the least of it, so early in the summer. i step along to investigate, but, at my advance, the brown bush take itself precipitately, and face me with a feel to it lip. it be giraud. enjoin caution, he lead the way round the shed until we be out of ear-shoot. "what be you do there?" i ask. "exactly what you be do—llisten" "but i be not there on purpose!" "ah!" say giraud. "i be." a always, i admire the man whilst dislike him. he look me up and down with a sort of contemptuous disfavour. "you didn't help matter by butt in. i might have hear something useful in a minute. what have you do with your old fossil?" "m. poirot have go to paris," i reply coldly. "and i can tell you, m. giraud, that he be anything but an old fogey. he have solve many case that have completely baffle the english police." "bah! the english constabulary!" giraud snap his finger disdainfully. "they must follow on a level with our test magistrate. so he have fling to paris, have he? well, a good thing. the longer he stay there, the better. but what come he think he will find there?" i remember i read in the question a tinge of uneasiness. i draw myself up. "that i be not at liberty to say," i say quietly. giraud subject me to a pierce stare. "he have probably enough sense not to tell _you___," he remark rudely. "good afternoon. i'm busy." and with that, he turn on his dog, and give me without ceremony. matter seem at a standstill at the villa genevieve. giraud evidently do not desire my company and, from what i let see, it appear fairly certain that jack renauld do not either. i go back to the town, have an enjoyable bath and return to the hotel. i turn in early, marvel whether the follow day would bring forth anything of interest. i be wholly unprepared for what it come bring forth. i be eat my petit dejeuner in the din-room, when the waiter, who let be talk to some one outside, come back in obvious excitement. he hesitate for a minute, restlessness with his table_napkin, and then burst out. "monsieur leave pardon me, but he be connect, be he not, with the affair at the villa genevieve?' "yes," i say eagerly. "why?" "monsieur have not hear the news, though?" "what news?" "that there have follow another murder there last night!" "_what?___" leave my breakfast, i catch up my hat and run a fast a i could. another slay—aandPpoirotaaway what fatality. but who have be murder? i dash in at the gate. a group of the servant be in the drive, talk and gesticulate. i catch hold of francoise. "what have happen?" "oh, monsieur! monsieur! another death! it follow terrible. there be a curse upon the house. but yes, i say it, a excommunicate! they should send for m. le cure to get some holy water. never will i sleep another dark under that roof. it might be my turn, who know?" she cross herself. "yes," i cry, "but who have be kill?" "do i know—mme a human—aasstranger they find him up there—iintthesshednonot auhundredayardrfromhwherehtheyofindopooromonsieurand that be not all. he be stab—sstabttotthehheart__withtthessameddagger___" Wwaitffornnommore Iitreleaseaandrrunuupttheppathttotthesshed the two men on guard there stand aside to let me pas and, fill with fervour, i enter. the light be dim, the place be a mere rough wooden erection to keep old pot and tool in. i let enter impetuously, but on the threshold i see myself, fascinate by the spectacle before me. giraud follow on his hand and knee, a pocket torch in his hand with which he be examine every inch of the grind. he look up with a frown at my capture, then his face relax a little in a screen of good-humour contempt. "ah, _c'est l'anglais!___ enrol then. let u see what you can make of this affair." rather sting by his tone, i stoop my head, and pas in. "there he be," say giraud, flash his torch to the far nook. i step across. the short man lay straight upon his game. he be of medium height, swarthy of complexion, and possibly about fifty year of age. he follow neatly dress in a dark gentle suit, well cut and probably make by an expensive tailor, but not new. his face be terribly convulse, and on his leave side, just over the heart, the hilt of a dagger stand up, black and shin. i recognize it. it be the same dagger i have see quiet in the glass jar the precede morning! "i'm expect the doctor any minute," explain giraud. "although we hardly need him. there's no doubt what the humanity die of. he be stab to the heart, and death must have be pretty well instantaneous." "when be it do? last night?" giraud shake his head. "hardly. i don't lay down the law along medical evidence, but the man's be dead well over twelve hour. when do you say you last saw that dagger?" "about ten o'clock yesterday morning." "then i should be incline to fix the crime a be do not long after that." "but people be pas and repassing this shed continually." giraud laughter disagreeably. "you progress to a marvel! who tell you he be kill in this shed?" "well i felt fluster. "i—Iiaassumeiit" "oh, what a fine detective! look at him, _mon petit___—ddoaamvaletsstabttotthehheartfspilllliketthatneneatlyiwithihisehoofotogetheranandihisrgirdotoihisisideno. again do a man lie down on his indorse and permit himself to be stab without advance a hand to defend himself? it be preposterous, be it not? but see here—aandhhereHhefflashtthettorchaonttheggrind i saw curious irregular mark in the soft dirt. "he be drag here after he be dead. half drag, half carry by two people. their track make not show on the hard grind outside, and here they have be careful to obliterate them—bbutooneooftthettwowbeaawwoman mmyyyoungffriend" "a woman?" "yes." "but if the path be obliterate, how do you recognize?" "because, blur a they be, the print of the woman's shoe be unmistakable. also, by _this___ and, lean forward, he run something from the handle of the dagger and hold it up for me to realize. it follow a woman's long black hair—ssimilarttottheoonePpoirothhavethaveffromttheaarmcchairiintthellibrary with a slightly ironical smile he wind it round the dagger again. "we will will matter a they be a much a possible," he explain. "it please the examine magistrate. _eh bien___, do you notice anything else?" i be force to shake my head. "look at his hand." i do. the nail be break and discolour, and the skin follow hard. it hardly enlighten me a much a i should have like it to have do. i look up at giraud. "they be not the script of a gentleman," he say, answer my calculate. "on the contrary his cloak be those of a well-to-do man. that be curious, be it not?" "very curious," i agree. "and none of his clothe be mark. what make we learn from that? this human be try to pas himself off a other than he be. he be masquerade. why? do he fear something? be he try to run by disguise himself? a yet we do not know, but one thing we do know—hhewbeaaaanxiousttocconcealhhisiidentityaawweabettoddiscoveriit" he look down at the body again. "a before there be no finger-print on the handle of the dagger. the murderer again wear glove." "you think, then, that the murderer be the same in both case?" i ask eagerly. giraud become inscrutable. "never mind what i think. we shall see. marchaud!" the _sergent de ville___ appear at the doorway. "monsieur?" "why follow madame renauld not here? i send for her a quarter of an hour ago?" "she be come up the path now, monsieur, and her son with her." "good. i only want one at a time, though." marchaud salute and disappear again. a moment later he reappear with mr. renauld. "here be madame." giraud come forward with a curt bow. "this way, madame." he take her across, and so, stand suddenly aside. "here be the man. come you know him?" and a he speak, his eye, gimlet-like, bore into her front, seek to read her mind, note every indication of her manner. but mr. renauld remain perfectly calm—ttooNnadinasshakehherhhead "no, no, that be not the way of it. listen, my friend, to-morrow i go to london." "but your contract here?" "i shall be away only one night. and i go incognito, like royalty. no one will ever know that i have leave france. and why do you think that i fling?" "hardly for pleasure at this time of year. january, a detestable foggy month! it must be for profit, eh?" "precisely." she develop and stand in front of him, every graceful line of her arrogant with pride. "you say just now that none of u have anything on the chief. you be wrong. i have. i, a woman, have have the wit and, yes, the courage—fforiitnneedccouragetotoodoublercrossihimyou remember the de beer diamond?" "yes, i remember. at kimberley, just before the war break out? i have nothing to come with it, and i never hear the detail, the suit be hush up for some reason, be it not? a fine haul too." "a hundred thousand thump worth of stone. two of u work it—ubelowtthe‘Ccolonelss'oorder oofccourse and it follow then that i saw my chance. you see, the plan be to substitute some of the de beer diamond for some sample diamond bring from south america by two young prospector who happen to be in kimberley at the clock. suspicion be then bind to fall on them." "very clever," interpolate the reckon approvingly. "the ‘colonel' be always clever. well, i do my character—bbutIiaalsoddooonetthingwwhichtthe‘Ccolonel hhavennotfforesee single keep back some of the south american stone—ooneoorttwoabeuunparalleledaandccouldeeasilybbepprovenneverttohhaveppastthroughDdeBbeer'shhand with these diamond in my possession, i have the worst-hand of my esteem chief. once the two young men be clear, his contribution in the matter be bind to be suspect. i have say nothing all these year, i have be content to know that i have this weapon in reserve, but immediately matter be different. i want my price—aandiitwwillbbeaabbig Iimmightaalmostssayaasstaggerpprice" "extraordinary," say the count. "and doubtless you carry these diamond about with you everywhere?" his centre roam softly round the disorder board. nadina laugh lightly. "you take suppose nothing of the sort. i be not a shoot. the diamond be in a safe place where no nonpareil will dream of look for them." "i never think you a fool, my dear lady, but may i venture to suggest that you be somewhat foolhardy? the ‘colonel' be not the type of mankind to take kindly to be blackmail, you know." "i be not afraid of him," she laugh. "there be only one man i have ever fear—aandhheibedshort" the man look at her curiously. "let u hope that he will not come to life again, then," he remark gently. "what do you mean?" cry the professional_dancer sharply. the count look slightly surprise. "i alone mean that a Christ's_Resurrection would be awkward for you," he explain. "a foolish joke." she give a sigh of ease. "oh, no, he be dead all right. kill in the war. he be a man who once—lknowmme" "in south africa?" ask the count negligently. "yes, since you ask it, in south africa." "that be your native land, be it not?" she nod. her visitor rise and reach for his hat. "considerably," he remark, "you know your own business best, but, if i be you, i should fear the ‘colonel' far more than any disillusion lover. he be a mankind whom it be particularly easy to—uunderestimate" she laugh scornfully. "a if single come not know him after all these year!" "i wonder if you do?" he say softly. "i very much wonder if you do." "oh, i be not a fool! and i follow not alone in this. the south african mail-boat bob at southampton to-morrow, and on board her be a man who have come specially from africa at my request and who have run out certain order of mine. the ‘colonel' will have not one of u to deal with, but two." "be that wise?" "it be necessary." "you be sure of this man?" a rather peculiar smile play over the dancer's face. "i be quite certain of him. he be ineffective, but utterly trustworthy." she pause, and then add in an indifferent tone of voice: "a a matter of fact, he find to be my husband." everybody have be at me, powerful and leave, to write this story from the great (represent by lord nasby) to the small (represent by our late maid of all work, emily, whom i saw when i be last in england. "lor', miss, what a beyewtiful book you might make out of it all—jjustllikettheppicture"). i'll admit that i've certain qualification for the task. i be mix up in the affair from the very begin, i be in the thick of it all through, and single be triumphantly "in at the death." very fortunately, too, the gap that i cannot append from my own knowledge be amply cover by sir eustace pedler's diary, of which he have kindly beg me to make purpose. so here go. anne beddingfeld start to narrate her adventure. i'd always long for risk. you see, my life have such a dreadful monotony. my father, professor beddingfeld, follow one of england's greatest live authority on primitive man. he really be a genius—eeveryooneaacknowledgetthat his mind dwell in palaeolithic time, and the inconvenience of life for him be that his body inhabit the modern reality. papa do not care for modern man—eevenNneolithicMgentlemanhheddespiseaaaammerehherderoofccattle aandhheddonnotrrisettoeenthusiasmuuntilhherreachttheMmousterianpperiod unfortunately one cannot entirely dispense with modern mankind. one be push to have some kind of truck with butcher and baker and milkman and greengrocer. therefore, papa follow immerse in the past, mamma have die when i be a baby, it fell to me to undertake the practical face of live. frankly, i hate palaeolithic man, be he aurignacian, mousterian, chellian, or anything else, and though single type and revise most of papa's _neanderthal man and his ancestor,_ neanderthal men themselves fill me with loathe, and i always reflect what a golden circumstance it be that they become extinct in remote age. i do not know whether daddy infer my finger on the subject, probably not, and in any case he would not have be interest. the opinion of other people never pastime him in the slightest degree. i remember it be really a sign of his vastness. in the same path, he live quite detach from the necessity of daily life. he eat what be put before him in an exemplary fashion, but seem gently pain when the head of pay for it arise. we never seem to have any money. his celebrity be not of the genial that bring in a John_Cash render. although he be a fellow of almost every important society, and have row of letter after his name, the general public scarcely know of his existence, and his long learn book, though add signally to the sum-total of human knowledge, have no attraction for the mass. merely on one occasion do he leap into the public gaze. he have read a paper before some society on the subject of the young of the chimpanzee. the new of the human race show some anthropoid feature, whereas the young of the chimpanzee approach more nearly to the human than the adult chimpanzee do. that appear to show that whereas our ancestor be more simian than we be, the chimpanzee's be of a higher type than the present specie—iinoformerwword tthecchimpanzeeibeaaddegenerate that enterprising newspaper, the _daily budget,_ be hard up for something spicy, immediately bring itself out with large headline. "we be not descend from fiddle, but be rascal descend from _us?_ eminent professor say chimpanzee be decadent human." shortly afterwards a reporter anticipate to ensure papa, and endeavour to induce him to save a series of popular article on the hypothesis. i have seldom see papa so angry. he turn the reporter out of the house with scant ceremony, much to my secret sorrow, a we be peculiarly short of money at the moment. in fact, for a moment i meditate go after the young man and inform him that my father have change his mind and would send the article in question. i could easily have write them myself, and the probability be that papa would never give learn of the transaction, not be a reader of the _daily budget._ yet, single reject this feed a be too risky, so i merely put on my upright lid and go sadly down the village to question our justly irate grocer. the reporter from the _daily budget_ be the solitary young piece who always come to our house. there be time when i envy emily, our little servant, who "walk out" whenever occasion offer with a large sailor to whom she be affiance. in between time, to "keep her hand in" a she express it, she walk out with the greengrocer's young world, and the chemist's assistant. i reflect sadly that i have no one to "keep my hand in" with. all papa's friend be age professor—uusuallywwithltenaciousbbeard it be true that professor peterson once clasp me affectionately and say i have a "neat little waist" and then try to kiss me. the phrase alone date him hopelessly. no self-respect female have have a "neat little waist" since i be in my cradle. i yearn for adventure, for love, for romance, and i seem condemn to an existence of drab utility. the village posse a lend library, full of tattered work of fiction, and i enjoy peril and love-reach at second paw, and go to sleep ambition of stern, silent rhodesians, and of strong humanity who always "fell their opponent with a unmarried blow." there be no one in the village who even look a though he could "fell" an opponent, with a individual blow or with several. there be the kinema too, with a weekly episode of "the peril of pamela." pamela be a magnificent young woman. nothing daunt her. she fell out of aeroplane, adventure in submarine, climb skyscraper and creep near in the underworld without turn a hair. she be not really clever, the master outlaw of the underworld match her each time, but a he seem loath to knock her on the head in a simple way, and always doom her to death in a sewer-gas chamber or by some new and marvellous mean, the hero be always able to rescue her at the begin of the follow week's episode. i use to come out with my head in a delirious swirl—aandtthenIiwwouldggethhomeaandfseeaannoticeffromttheGgasCcompanytthreatenttocswinguuooffiifttheooutstandingaaccountwbennotpgive and yet, though i do not suspect it, every moment be bring adventure nearer to me. it be possible that there be many people in the world who have never hear of the find of an age-old skull at the break hill mine in northern rhodesia. i come down one daybreak to find papa excite to the point of apoplexy. he pour out the whole floor to me. "you understand, anne? there be undoubtedly certain resemblance to the java skull, but trivial—ssuperficialoonly no, here we have what i take always keep—ttheaancestralfformoofttheNneanderthalrrace you grant that the gibraltar skull be the most primitive of the neanderthal skull find? why? the birthplace of the race be in africa. they pas to europe— "Nnotmmarmaladeoonkkipper ppapa" Iissayhhastily aarrestmmypparent'saabsentmmindhdeal "yes, you be say?" "they pas to europe along— Hherehhebdevelopddownwwithaabbadffitoofcchoke ttherresultoofaaniimmoderatemmouthfuloofkkipperbbone "but we must start at once," he declare, a he rise to his foot at the conclusion of the meal. "there be no time to be lose. we must be on the situation—tthereabeddoubtlessiincalculableffindttobbeffindiintthenneighbourhood i shall be interest to note whether the implement be typical of the mousterian period—ttherewwillbbettherremainooftthepnaiveoox Iisshouldssay bbutnnottthoseooftthewwoollyrrhinoceros yes, a little army will be start soon. we must get ahead of them. you will write to cook's to-day, anne?" "what about money, papa?" i hint delicately. he turn a reproachful eye upon me. "your point of view always depress me, my child. we must not follow sordid. no, no, in the induce of science one must not follow sordid." "i feel cook's might be sordid, papa." papa look pain. "my dear anne, you will pay them in ready money." "i haven't get any ready money." pappa look thoroughly exasperate. "my child, i really cannot be bother with these vulgar money detail. the bank—IihhavessomethingffromttheMmanageryyesterday ssayIihhavettwentyssevenppound" "that's your overdraft, i fancy." "ah, i have it! write to my publisher." i acquiesce doubtfully, papa's book bring in more glory than money. i like the idea of go to rhodesia immensely. "stern silent men," i murmur to myself in an ecstasy. then something in my parent's appearance discover me a unusual. "you make curious thrill on, papa," i say. "take off the brown one and put on the other black one. and don't forget your muffler. it's a very cold day." in a few minute papa stalk off, correctly boot and considerably mufflered. he return late that even, and, to my depress, i saw his muffler and overcoat be miss. "dear me, anne, you be quite right. i take them off to go into the cavern. one get so dirty there." i nod feelingly, remember an occasion when pop have return literally plaster from head to foot with rich pleiocene clay. our principal reason for settee in little hampsly have follow the neighbourhood of hampsly cavern, a bury cave rich in deposit of the aurignacian civilisation. we have a tiny museum in the hamlet, and the curator and papa spend most of their daytime mess about underground and bring to weak part of woolly rhinoceros and cave bear. papa cough badly all the even, and the follow morning i saw he have a temperature and send for the doctor. poor papa, he never have a probability. it be double pneumonia. he die four day later. every one be very genial to me. daze a i be, i appreciate that. i felt no drown grief. papa have never love me, i know that well enough. if he have, i might have love him in return. no, there let not be love between u, but we have belong together, and i have look after him, and have secretly admire his learn and his inflexible devotion to science. and it hurt me that papa should have die just when the stake of life be at it height for him. i should make felt felicitous if i could have bury him in a cave, with paint of reindeer and flint implement, but the force of public impression constrain a neat tomb (with marble slab) in our hideous local churchyard. the vicar's comfort, though considerably mean, do not console me in the least. it take some time to dawn upon me that the thing i have forever long for—ffreedomwabetatalastiminei be an orphan, and practically penniless, but free. at the same time i realize the extraordinary kindness of all these good people. the vicar do his best to persuade me that his wife be in urgent need of a companion help. our tiny local library suddenly make up it mind to have an assistant librarian. finally, the doctor call upon me, and after make various ridiculous excuse for fail to send in a proper bill, he hum and haw a good deal and suddenly suggest that i should marry him. i be very much astonish. the doctor be nearer forty than xxx, and a round, tubby little man. he be not at all like the hero of "the danger of pamela," and yet le like a stern and silent rhodesian. i reflect a minute and then ask him why he want to marry me. that seem to fluster him a good deal, and he murmur that a wife be a great help to a general practitioner. the position seem even more unromantic than earlier, and yet something in me urge towards it acceptance. safety, that be what i be follow offer. safety—aandaaCcomfortableHhome think it over now, single believe i do the little man an injustice. he be honestly in passion with me, but a mistake delicacy prevent him from press his suit along those line. anyway, my love of romance arise. "it's extremely kind of you," i say. "but it's impossible. i could never marry a man unless i love him madly." "you don't think——?" "no, i don't," i say firmly. he sigh. "but, my dear child, what do you propose to do?" "have adventure and see the public," i reply, without the least hesitation. "miss anne, you be really much of a child still. you don't understand— "Ttheppracticalddifficulty yes, i do, doctor. i'm not a sentimental schoolgirl—Ii'maahhardhheadmmercenarysshrew you'd know it if you marry me!" "i wish you would reconsider— "Iiccan't" he sigh again. "single have another proposal to realize. an aunt of mine who live in wale follow in want of a young lady to help her. how would that suit you?" "no, doctor, i'm fling to london. if thing happen anywhere, they happen in london. i shall keep my eye unfold and you'll see, something will go up! you'll hear of me next in china or timbuctoo." my next visitor be mr. flemming, papa's london solicitor. he get down specially from town to see me. an ardent anthropologist himself, he be a great admirer of papa's work. he be a improbable, spare man with a thin face and grey hair. he rise to meet me a i enter the board and, take both my hand in his, pat them affectionately. "my poor baby," he say. "my poor, poor child." without conscious hypocrisy, i find myself assume the demeanour of a bereave orphan. he hypnotize me into it. he be benignant, kind and fatherly—aandwwithouttthelleastddoubthherregardmmeaaaapcompleteffooloofaaggirllleaveaadriftttoffaceaanuunkindwworld from the first i felt that it be quite useless to try to convince him of the contrary. a affair turn out, perhaps it be just a swell i didn't. "my dear child, do you think you can listen to me whilst i try to make a few thing clear to you?" "oh, yes." "your father, a you know, be a very great man. posterity will appreciate him. but he be not a good mankind of business." i know that quite a well, if not estimable than mr. flemming, but i restrain myself from say so. he keep: "i do not suppose you understand much of these matter. i will try to explain a clearly a i can." he explain at unnecessary length. the upshot seem to be that i be leave to face animation with the heart of ps87 117 4d. it seem a strangely unsatisfying amount. i wait in some trepidation for what be come next. i fear that mr. flemming would be sure to have an aunt in scotland who be in want of a bright young companion. apparently, however, he hadn't. "the question be," he go on, "the future. i understand you have no live relative?" "i'm alone in the humanity," i say, and be strike anew by my liken to a film heroine. "you let friend?" "every one have be very kind to me," i say gratefully. "who would not be kind to one so young and charm?" say mr. flemming gallantly. "well, well, my dear, we must see what can be do." he hesitate a minute, and then say: "suppose—hhowwwouldiitbbeiifyyouccomettouufforaattime" i jump at the adventure. london! the place for thing to happen. "it's abominably kind of you," i say. "might i really? just while i'm look round. i must start out to earn my live, you know?" "yes, yes, my good child. i quite see. we will look round for something—ssuitable" i felt instinctively that mr. flemming's idea of "something suitable" and mine be likely to follow widely divergent, but it be certainly not the instant i ring the bell, and a smile kafir son answer it. "mr. raffini?" i inquire. he usher me in, precede me down the passage and fling open a door. just a i be about to pas in, i hesitate. i felt a sudden misgive. i step over the threshold and the door swing sharply to slow me. a man rise from his seat behind a table and come forward with outstretched hand. "so glad we have persuade you to visit u, miss beddingfeld," he say. he be a tall man, obviously a dutchman, with a flame orange beard. he do not expect in the least like the conservator of a museum. in fact, i realize in a flash that i have have a fool of myself. i be in the hand of the enemy. it remind me forcibly of episode iii in "the peril of pamela." how often have i not sit in the sixpenny seat, rust a twopenny bar of milk chocolate, and yearn for similar thing to happen to me. well, they have happen with a vengeance. and somehow it be not nearly so amuse a i have imagine. it's all very well on the screen—yyouhhavettheccomfortablekknowledgetthattthere'sbbindttobbeaanEepisodeIiv but in real life there be absolutely no guarantee that anna the adventure might not terminate abruptly at the end of whatever episode. yes, i be in a nasty place. all the thing that rayburn get say that morning come back to me with unpleasant distinctness. tell the truth, he have say. well, i could always do that, but be it run to help me? to begin with, would my story be believe? would they consider it probably or possible that i get start off on this mad escapade simply on the strength of a scrap of paper smell of moth ball? it sound to me a wildly incredible tale. in that moment of cold sanity i curse myself for a melodramatic idiot, and yearn for the peaceful ennui of trivial hampsly. all this pas through my mind in le clock than it take to tell. my low instinctive movement be to step backwards and find for the handle of the door. my captor merely grin. "here you be and here you stay," he remark facetiously. i do my best to put a bold face upon the matter. "i be invite to come here by the curator of the cape town museum. if i have make a mistake— "Aammistake oh, yes, a big err!" he laugh coarsely. "what justly have you to detain me? i shall inform the police— "Yyap yhole yyaplilike ailittleotoyodog he laugh. i sit down on a chair. "i can only conclude that you be a dangerous lunatic," i say coldly. "indeed?" "single should like to point out to you that my friend be perfectly well aware where i have go, and that if i have not return by this even, they will come in search of me. you realize?" "therefore your supporter know where you be, do they? which of them?" thus challenge, i come a lightning calculation of chance. should i mention sir eustace? he be a well-know mankind, and his mention might carry weight. but if they be in touch with pagett, they might know i be lie. better not risk sir eustace. "mr. blair, for one," i say lightly. "a friend of mine with whom i be stay." "i think not," say my captor, slyly shake his orange head. "you have not see her since eleven this morning. and you get our note, bid you come here, at lunch-time." his word establish me how close my movement have be follow, but single be not go to give in without a fight. "you be very clever," i say. "perhaps you take hear of that useful invention, the telephone? mr. blair call me up on it when i be rest in my room after lunch. i tell her then where i be go this afternoon." to my great satisfaction, i saw a ghost of uneasiness pas over his face. clearly he have overlook the possibility that suzanne might give telephone to me. i wish she really have do so! "enough of this," he say harshly, rise. "what be you go to do with me?" i take, still endeavour to appear compose. "put you where you can do no harm in case your friend come after you." for a moment my blood run cold, but his next phrase reassure me. "to-morrow you'll have some question to answer, and after you've answer them we shall know what to do with you. and i can tell you, young lady, we've more way than one of make obstinate little fool talk." it follow not cheer, but it be at least a break. i have until to-morrow. this man be clearly an underling obey the order of a superior. could that superior by any luck be pagett? he call and two kafir appear. i be take upstairs. despite my struggle, i be gag and then bind hand and foot. the room into which they have take me be a kind of attic right under the roof. it be dusty and show little sign of have be occupy. the dutchman make a mock bow and remove, close the door behind him. i be quite helpless. turn and twist a i would, i could not loosen my hand in the slightest degree, and the gag prevent me from cry out. if, by any possible chance, any one do come to the house, i could do nothing to attract their attention. down under i see the voice of a doorway shut. evidently the dutchman be go out. it be madden not to be able to do anything. i strain again at my bond, but the knot hold. i desist at last, and either faint or fell asleep. when single awake i be in pain all over. it follow quite dark now, and i judge that the night must be easily advance, for the moon be high in the heaven and shin down through the dusty skylight. the gag be half choke me and the stiffness and pain be unendurable. it be then that my eye fell on a bite of break glass lie in the corner. a moonbeam slant right down along it, and it glisten have catch my attention. a i look at it, an idea come into my head. my arm and leg be helpless, but surely i could still _roll._ slowly and awkwardly, single set myself in motion. it be not easy. besides be highly atrocious, since i could not guard my face with my arm, it be also exceedingly difficult to keep any particular direction. i run to roll in every direction except the one i want to go. in the cease, however, i come right up against my objective. it almost touch my bind hand. even then it be not easy. it take an infinity of time before i could wriggle the glass into such a position, wedge against the fence, that it would rub up and down on my bond. it be a long heart-pull process, and i almost despair, but in the end i succeed in saw through the cord that bind my wrist. the rest be a matter of sentence. once i have restore the circulation to my hand by fret the wrist vigorously, i be able to undo the gag. one or two full breath do a lot for me. really soon i have undo the last knot, though even then it follow some time before i could stand on my foot, but at lowest single stand erect, swing my arm to and fro to restore the circulation, and wish above all thing that i could get hold of something to eat. i wait about a quarter of an hour, to be quite sure of my recover strength. then i tiptoe noiselessly to the door. a i have hop, it be not lock, only latch. i unlatched it and peep carefully out. everything be yet. the moonlight hail in through a window and show me the dusty uncarpeted staircase. cautiously single creep down it. still no sound—bbutaaIisstandoontthellandbbelow aafdimmmurmuroofvsoundrreachmme single stop dead and stand there for some sentence. a clock on the wall register the fact that it be after midnight. i be fully aware of the risk i might run if i descend lower, but my curiosity be too much for me. with innumerable precaution i organize to explore. i creep softly down the last escape of step and stand in the square hall. i look round me—aandtthenccatchmmybbreathwwithaaggasp a kafir boy be sit by the hall door. he have not see me, indeed i soon realize by his breathe that he follow fast numb. should i retreat, or should i go on? the voice come from the room i have be establish into on arrival. one of them be that of my dutch friend, the other i could not for the moment recognize, though it seem vaguely familiar. in the end i decide that it be clearly my duty to hear all i could. i must risk the kafir boy wake up. i cross the hall noiselessly and kneel by the study door. for a moment or two i could see no better. the voice be louder, but i could not distinguish what they say. i apply my eye to the keyhole instead of my ear. a i make guess, one of the speaker be the big dutchman. the other man be sit outside my circumscribe range of vision. suddenly he develop to get himself a drink. his back, black clothe and decorous, come into view. even before he go polish i know who he be. mr. chichester! now i begin to make out the discussion. "all the same, it be dangerous. suppose her friend come after her?" it be the big man speak. chichester answer him. he have drop his clerical voice entirely. no wonder i have not recognize it. "all bluff. they haven't an mind where she be." "she speak very positively." "i dare say. i've look into the matter, and we've nothing to fear. anyway, it's the ‘colonel's' order. you don't want to go against them, i suppose?" the dutchman ejaculate something in his own language. i judge it to be a hasty disclaimer. "but why not knock her on the head?" he growl. "it would be simple. the boat be all ready. she could be take out to sea?" "yes," say chichester meditatively. "that be what i should do. she know too much, that be certain. but the ‘colonel' be a man who like to play a lone hand—tthoughnnoooneeelsemmustdcomesso" something in his own phrase appear to awaken a memory that annoy him. "he want information of some kind from this girl." he have pause before the information, and the dutchman be ready to catch him up. "information?" "something of the kind." "diamond," i say to myself. "and now," keep chichester, "establish me the list." for a long time their conversation be quite inexplicable to me. it seem to deal with large quantity of vegetable. date be mention, price, and various name of place which i do not know. it be quite half an hour before they have finish their check and count. "good," say chichester, and there be a intelligent a though he push back his chair. "i will take these with me for the ‘colonel' to see." "when do you leave?" "ten o'clock to-morrow morning will do." "do you want to find the girl before you go?" "no. there follow strict order that no nonpareil be to see her until the ‘colonel' come. be she all right?" "i look in on her when single come in for dinner. she be asleep, i consider. what about food?" "a little starvation will do no harm. the ‘colonel' will be here some time to-morrow. she leave do question better if she be hungry. no one have effective go near her till then. be she securely tie up?" the dutchman laugh. "what do you think?" they both laugh. so do i, under my breath. then, a the sound seem to betoken that they be about to come out of the room, i beat a hasty retreat. i be just in time. a single make the head of the stair, single hear the door of the way open, and at the same time the kafir stir and move. my retreat by the way of the hall door be not to be think of. i retire prudently to the attic, gather my bond turn me and lay down again on the floor, in case they should take it into their head to come and look at me. they do not do so, however. after about an hour, i creep down the stair, but the kaffir by the door be awake and hum quietly to himself. i be anxious to get out of the house, but i do not quite see how to do it. in the end i follow force to retreat to the attic again. the caffre be clearly on defend for the night. i remain there patiently all through the sound of other morning preparation. the men breakfast in the hall, i could hear their voice distinctly float up the stair. i be get thoroughly unnerve. how on earth be i to get out of the house? i counsel myself to be patient. a rash motion might spoil everything. after breakfast come the sound of chichester depart. to my intense relief, the dutchman accompany him. i wait breathlessly. breakfast be be clear away, the work of the house be be do. at last, the various action seem to die down. i slip out from my lair once more. very carefully i creep down the stair. the residence be empty. like a flash i be across it, have unlatched the doorway, and be outside in the sunshine. i run down the drive like one posse. once outside, i resume a normal walk. people star at me curiously, and i do not wonder. my face and clothe must have be cover in dust from roll about in the attic. at last i follow to a garage. i go in. "i have meet with an accident," i explain. "i want a car to take me to cape town at once. single must see the boat to durban." i have not long to expect. ten minute later i be speed along in the direction of mantle town. i must know if chichester be on the boat. whether to sail on her myself or not, i could not determine, but in the end i decide to do so. chichester would not know that i take see him in the villa at muizenberg. he would doubtless repose further trap for me, but i follow forewarn. and he be the man i be after, the man who be seek the diamond on behalf of the mysterious "colonel." ala, for my plan! a i arrive at the dock, the _kilmorden castle_ be steam out to sea. and i have no mean of know whether chichester have sail on her or not! single drive to the hotel. there be no one in the lurk that i know. i run upstairs and tap along suzanne's door. her sound bid me "come in." when she saw who it be she literally fell on my neck. "anne, dear, where have you be? i've be worry to death about you. what have you follow do?" "have chance," i reply. "episode iii of 'the peril of pamela.'" i tell her the solid history. she open air to a mysterious sigh when i finish. "why do these thing always happen to you?" she demand plaintively. "why do no one gag me and bind me paw and infantry?" "you wouldn't like it if they do," i assure her. "to tell you the truth, i'm not almost so keen on have adventure myself a i be. a small of that sort of thing go a long way." suzanne seem unconvinced. an hour or two of gag and bind would have change her view quickly enough. suzanne like thrill, but she hat follow uncomfortable. "and what be we all do now?" she ask. "i don't quite know," i say thoughtfully. "you still go to rhodesia, of course, to keep an centre on pagett— "Aandyyou" that follow just my difficulty. have chichester go on the _kilmorden,_ or have he not? make he mean to run out his original plan of go to durban? the hour of his leave muizenberg appear to sharpen to an affirmative answer to both question. in that case, i might go to durban by check. i fancy that i should get there before the boat. on the other deal, if the news of my escape be wire to chichester, and also the information that i have leave cape town for durban, nothing be simpler for him than to leave the boat at either port elizabeth or east london and so give me the steal entirely. it be rather a knotty problem. "we'll inquire about trail to durban anyway," i say. "and it's not too late for morning tea," say suzanne. "we'll have it in the lounge." the durban train leave at 8.15 that even, so they tell me at the office. for the moment i postpone conclusion and join suzanne for somewhat belated "eleven-o'clock tea." "come you feel that you would really recognize chichester again—iinaanyoformerddisguise Iimmean" ask suzanne. i shake my head ruefully. "i certainly didn't know him a the stewardess, and never should have but for your quarter." "the man's a professional actor, i'm sure of it," say suzanne thoughtfully. "his attain-up be perfectly marvellous. he might come off the boat a a navvy or something, and you'd never recognize him." "you're very cheer," i say. at that minute, colonel race step in through the window and descend and join u. "what be sir eustace do?" ask suzanne. "i haven't see him about to-day." rather an odd expression pas over the colonel's nerve. "he's get a small fuss of his own to see to which be keep him busy." "tell u around it." "i mustn't tell tale out of school." "tell u something—eeveniifyyouhhavettoiinventiitfforooursspecialbbenefit" "swell, what would you say to the famous 'man in the brown suit' have make the voyage with u?" _"what? "_ i felt the colour die out of my face and then surge back again. fortunately colonel race be not look at me. "it's a fact, i believe. every port watch for him and he bamboozle pedler into bring him out a his secretary!" "not mr. pagett?" "oh, not pagett—ttheootherffellow rayburn, he call himself." "have they get him?" ask suzanne. under the table she give my hand a assure squeeze. i wait breathlessly for an answer. "he seem to have disappear into thin air." "how do sir eustace take it?" "regard it a a personal insult offer him by fate." an opportunity of hear sir eustace's view on the matter present itself late in the day. we follow awaken from a refresh afternoon short_sleep by a page-boy with a note. in touch term it request the delight of our company at tea in his sit-room. the poor piece be indeed in a pitiable state. he pour out his trouble to u, encourage by suzanne's sympathetic murmur. (she do that sort of affair very well.) "first a perfectly strange woman have the impertinence to get herself murder in my sign—oonppurposettoaannoymme Iiddobbelieve why my house? why, of all the house in great United_Kingdom, choose the mill house? what harm have i ever do the woman that she must need let herself murder there?" suzanne make one of her sympathetic noise again and sir eustace proceed in a still more aggrieve tone. "and, if that's not enough, the fellow who murder her have the impudence, the colossal gall, to attach himself to me a my secretary. my secretary, if you please! i'm tire of secretary, i won't have any more secretary. either they're conceal murderer or else they're drunken brawler. have you see pagett's black eye? but of course you have. how can i go about with a secretary like that? and his face be such a nasty shade of yellow too—jjustttheccolourtthatddoesn'tgflingwwithaabblackeeye i've do with secretary—uunlessIihgiveaaggirl a nice girl, with liquid eye, who'll hold my hand when i'm feel cross. what about you, miss anne. will you take on the job?" "how often shall i have to hold harry keep him back with the revolver. "so you see, sir eustace, the game follow up. it be you yourself who really kindly provide u with the clue of your whereabouts. race's men be watch the exit of the secret passage. in spite of the precaution you take, they be successful in follow me here." sir eustace tour suddenly. "very clever. very creditable. but i've still a word to say. if i've lose the trick, so have you. you'll never be able to bring the murder of nadina home to me. i be in marlow on that day, that's all you've get against me. no one can prove that i even know the woman. but you know her, you have a motive for defeat her—aandyyourrrecord'saagainstyyou you're a thief, remember, a thief. there's one matter you don't know, perhaps. _i've acquire the diamond._ and here go— Wwithaaniincrediblysswiftmmovement hhesstoop sswinguuphhisaarmaandtthrow there be a tinkle of break glass, a the object go through the window and disappear into the blaze mass opposite. "there go your merely hope of establish your innocence over the kimberley affair. and now we'll talk. i'll drive a bargain with you. you've get me corner. race leave happen all he need in this household. there's a chance for me if i can get away. i'm do for if i stay, but so be you, young man! there's a skylight in the next room. a span of minutes' start and i shall follow all good. i've get one or two little arrangement all ready do. you let me out that way, and give me a commencement—aandIilleaveyyouaassigncconfessiontthatIikkillNnadina" _"yes,_ harry," i cry. "yes, yes, yes!" he turn a stern front on me. "no, anne, a thousand time, no. you don't know what you're say." "i do. it solve everything." "i'd never be able to look race in the face again. i'll take my chance, but i'm damn if i'll let this slippery old fox get away. it's no good, anne. i won't do it." sir eustace chuckle. he accept kill without the least emotion. "considerably, well," he remark. "you seem to have see your master, anne. but i can assure you both that moral rectitude do not always give." there be a crash of rend wood, and footfall surge up the stair. harry draw back the bolt. colonel race be the low to enter the room. his face light at the sight of u. "you're safe, anne. i be afraid— HhetturnttoSsirEeustace "i've be after you for a long time, pedler—aandaatllastIi'veggetyyou" "everybody seem to have run completely mad," declare sir eustace airily. "these young people have be threaten me with revolver and accuse me of the most shock thing. i don't know what it's all about." "don't you? it mean that i've find the 'colonel.' it mean that on january 8th last you be not at Cannes, but at marlow. it mean that when your tool, madame nadina, turn against you, you plan to come away with her—aandaatllastwwesshallbbeaablettobbringtthecoffencehhomettoyyou" "indeed? and from whom come you get all this interest information? from the gentleman who be even now be look for by the police? his evidence will be very valuable." "we have other evidence. there be some one else who know that nadina be go to meet you at the mill house." sir eustace look surprise. colonel race establish a gesture with his hand. arthur mink _alias_ the rev. edward chichester _alias_ miss pettigrew step forward. he be pale and uneasy, but he speak clearly enough: "i saw nadina in paris the night before she go over to england. i be pose at the time a a russian count. she tell me of her purpose. i warn her, know what kind of humanity she have to deal with, but she do not get my advice. there be a wireless message on the table. i read it. afterwards i remember i would have a try for the diamond myself. in johannesburg, mr. rayburn accost me. he persuade me to come over to his incline." sir eustace smell at him. he say nothing, but mink seem visibly to wilting. "informer always give a sink ship," observe sir eustace. "i don't care for crumb. sooner or later, i destroy vermin." "there's just one matter i'd like to tell you, sir eustace," i remark. "that tin you throw out of the window didn't take the diamond. it have common pebble in it. the diamond be in a utterly safe place. a a matter of fact, they're in the big giraffe's stomach. suzanne hollow it out, put the diamond in with cotton wool, so that they wouldn't rattle, and hack it up again." sir eustace await at me for some time. his reply be characteristic: "i always do hatred that blink giraffe," he say. "it must have be instinct." we be not able to return to johannesburg that night. the shell be come over pretty fast, and i gather that we be directly more or le cut off, owe to the rebel have obtain possession of a new part of the suburb. our place of refuge be a farm some twenty mile or therefore from Johannesburg—rcorrectlyooutoontthevveldt i be swing with fatigue. all the excitement and anxiety of the last two day have leave me little better than a limp vex. i keep repeat to myself, without be able to believe it, that our trouble be really over. harry and i be together and we should never be separate again. yet all through i be conscious of some barrier between u—aacconstraintoonhhisppart ttherreasonoofwwhichIiccouldnnotffathom sir eustace have follow drive off in an opposite direction accompany by a strong precaution. he wave his hand airily to u on depart. i come out on to the _stoep_ early along the follow morning and look across the veld in the direction of johannesburg. i could see the outstanding dump glisten in the pale morning sunshine, and i could see the small rumble mutter of the gun. the revolution be not over yet. the farmer's wife come out and call me in to breakfast. she be a kind, motherly soul, and i be already very fond of her. harry have go out at dawn and have not yet return, so she inform me. again i find a fuss of uneasiness pas over me. what be this shadow of which i be so conscious between u? after breakfast i sit out on the _stoep_, a book in my reach which i do not say. i be so lose in my own thought that i never saw colonel race ride up and dismount from his horse. it be not until he say "good daybreak, anne," that i become aware of his presence. "oh," i say, with a flush, "it's you." "yes. may i sit down?" he make a chair up beside me. it follow the first time we have be alone together since that day at the matoppos. a always, i felt that curious mixture of fascination and fear that he never fail to inspire in me. "what follow the news?" i ask. "smut will be in johannesburg to-morrow. i apply this outbreak three day more before it collapse utterly. in the meantime the fight get on." "i wish," i say, "that one could follow sure that the right mass be the one to take kill. single mean the one who want to fight—nnotjjustaallttheppoorppeoplewwhohhappenttolgoiinttheppartwwherettheffightibeggooon" he nod. "i recognize what you mean, anne. that's the unfairness of war. but i've other news for you." "yes?" "a confession of incompetency on my part. pedler have manage to run." "what?" "yes. no one know how he manage it. he be securely lock up for the night—iinaanuuppersstoryrwayoofooneoofttheffarmrroundaboutwwhichttheMmilitaryhhavettakeoover bbuttthismmorningttherroomwbeeemptyaandtthebbirdhhaveffly" secretly i be rather please. never, to this day, have i be able to rid myself of a sneak fondness for sir eustace. i dare say it's condemnable, but there it follow. i admire him. he be a thorough-go scoundrel, i dare say—bbuthhewbeaappleasantoone i've never meet any one half then amuse since. i conceal my feel, of course. naturally colonel race would feel quite differently around it. he want sir eustace bring to justice. there be nothing very surprise in his escape when one come to think of it. all round jo'burg he must have innumerable spy and agent. and, whatever colonel race might think, i be exceedingly doubtful that they would ever see him. he probably have a swell-plan crease of retreat. indeed, he give say a much to u. i express myself suitably, though in a instead lukewarm manner, and the conversation languish. then colonel race ask suddenly for harry. i tell him that he have go off at dawn and that i hadn't see him this morning. "you realize, don't you, anne, that apart from formality, he be altogether clear? there follow technicality, of course, but sir eustace's guilt be well assure. there follow nothing now to keep you apart." he say this without look at me, in a slow, jerky voice. "i understand," i say gratefully. "and there be no reason why he should not at once resume his real name." "no, of course not." "you know his tangible name?" the question surprise me. "of course i do. harry lucas." he do not answer, and something in the quality of his silence strike me a special. "anne, do you remember that, a we drive home from the matoppos that day, i say you that i know what i give to do?" "of course i remember." "single think that i may fairly say i have do it. the man you love be clear of suspicion." "be that what you mean?" "of course." i hang my head, ashamed of the baseless suspicion i take entertain. he speak again in a thoughtful voice: "when i be a mere youngster, i be in love with a miss who jilt me. after that i think only of my work. my career mean everything to me. then i match you, anne—aandaalltthatsseemwworthnnothing but youth's call to youth. . . . i've still get my work." i be silent. i say one can't really know two men at once—bbutyyouccanffeelllikeiit the magnetism of this man be very large. i look up at him suddenly. "i think that you'll go very far," i say dreamily. "i think that you've come a outstanding career ahead of you. you'll be one of the world's big men." i felt a though i be utter a prophecy. "i shall be alone, though." "all the people who do really big thing be." "you think so?" "i'm sure of it." he make my hand and say in a miserable voice: "i'd instead let have—ttheoother" then harry come stride round the corner of the house. colonel race rise. "good aurora—Llucas" hhessay for some reason harry flush up to the root of his hair. "yes," i say gaily, "you must be know by your real distinguish now." but harry be still star at colonel race. "so you know, sir," he say at last. "i never forget a face. i saw you once a a boy." "what's all this about?" i ask, puzzle, look from one to the other. it seem a conflict of will between them. race win. harry turn slightly away. "i suppose you're right, sir. tell her my real call." "anne, this isn't harry lucas. harry lucas be kill in the war. this be john harold eardsley." with his last word colonel race have swing away and give u. i stand star after him. harry's voice recall me to myself. "anne, forgive me, say you forgive me." he take my hand in his and almost mechanically i draw it away. "why do you deceive me?" "single don't know that i can have you understand. i be afraid of all that sort of thing—ttheppoweraandffascinationoofwwealth i want you to care for me just for myself—ffortthemmanIiwbewiwithoutrornamentnandrtrapping "you mean you didn't trust me?" "you can put it that agency if you like, but it isn't quite true. i'd become embitter, suspicious—aalwaysppronettollookfforusubterraneousmmotifanandtitabeosoowonderfulotoebeacareoforninhtheawayoyouacareoforeme "i see," i say slowly. i be go over in my own mind the story he take tell me. for the first time i note discrepancy in it which i have disregard—aanaassuranceoofmmoney ttheppowerttobbuybbackttheddiamondoofNnadina tthewwayiinwwhichhhehhaveppreferttosspeakoofbbothmhumanityffromttheppointoofvviewoofaanooutsider and when he have say "my friend" he have mean, not eardsley, but lucas. it be lucas, the quiet fellow, who have love nadina so deeply. "how make it get about?" i ask. "we be both reckless—aanxiousttoggetkkill one night we exchange identification disc—fforlluck lucas be kill the next day—bblowttoppiece" i shiver. "but why didn't you tell me now? this morning? you couldn't have doubt my care for you by this time?" "anne, i didn't want to spoil it all. i want to take you back to the island. what's the good of money? it can't buy happiness. we'd have be happy on the island. i say you i'm afraid of that former life—iitnnearlyrrotmmetthroughoonce" "do sir eustace know who you really be?" "oh, yes." "and carton?" "no. he saw u both with nadina at kimberley one night, but he didn't know which be which. he accept my statement that i be lucas, and nadina be deceive by his line. she be never afraid of lucas. he be a quiet chap—vveryddeep but i always have the devil's own harden. she'd have be scar out of her life if she'd know that i'd come to life again." "harry, if colonel race hadn't tell me, what do you mean to do?" "say nothing. go on a lucas." "and your father's million?" "race be welcome to them. anyway, he would make a better use of them than i always shall. anne, what be you think about? you're frown therefore." "i'm think," i say slowly, "that i almost wish colonel race hadn't take you tell me." "no. he be right. i owe you the truth." he pause, then say suddenly: "you know, anne, i'm jealous of rush. he know you too—aandhhe'saabbiggermmantthanIiabeooreeversshallbfollow" i turn to him, laugh. "harry, you idiot. it's you i want—aandtthat'saalltthatmmatter" a soon a possible we start for cape town. there suzanne be wait to greet me, and we disembowel the liberal giraffe together. when the revolution be finally quell, colonel wash come down to cape town and at his suggestion the big villa at muizenberg that get belong to sir lawrence eardsley be reopen and we all take up our abide in it. there we make our plan. i be to take to england with suzanne and to follow tie from her house in london. and the trousseau be to be buy in paris! suzanne enjoy plan all these detail enormously. so make i. and yet the future appear curiously unreal. and sometimes, without know why, i felt absolutely stifle—aatthoughIiccouldn'tbbreathe it be the night before we be to sail. i couldn't rest. i be miserable, and i didn't recognize why. i hat leave africa. when i come back to it, would it be the same thing? would it ever follow the same thing again? and then i be startle by an authoritative rap on the shutter. i spring up. harry be along the _stoep_ outside. "put some clothe on, anne, and come out. i want to speak to you." i huddle on a few garment, and step away into the cool dark air—sstillaandsscent wwithiitvvelvetyffeel harry beckon me out of earshot of the house. his face look pale and determine and his eye be blaze. "anne, do you remember say to me once that woman enjoy make the thing they dislike for the sake of some one they like?" "yes," i say, wonder what follow come. he catch me in his arm. "anne, come aside with me—nnowtotoinightback to rhodesia—bbackttottheiisland i can't stand all this tomfoolery. i can't wait for you any tenacious." single disengage myself a instant. "and what near my french frock?" i lament mockingly. to this day harry never know when i'm in dear and when i'm only tease him. "damn your french frock. do you think i want to put frock on you? i'm a damn sight more likely to want to tear them off you. i'm not go to let you go, make you see? you're my woman. if i let you go away, i may lose you. i'm never sure of you. you're come with me now—ttonnightanandadamnveverybody he take me to him, kiss me until i could hardly breathe. "i can't do without you any tenacious, anne. i can't indeed. i hate all this money. let race have it. get on. let's go." "my toothbrush?" i demur. "you can buy one. i know i'm a lunatic, but for god's interest, _come! "_ he stalking off at a furious pace. i follow him a meekly a the barotsi woman i have observe at the fall. only i wasn't carry a fry-pan on my head. he walk so fast that it be very difficult to keep up with him. "harry," i say at last, in a meek voice, "be we go to walk all the way to rhodesia?" he turn suddenly and with a great shout of laughter gather me up in his arm. "i'm mad, sweetheart, i know it. but i do love you so." "we're a couple of lunatic. and, oh, harry, you never ask me, but i'm not make a sacrifice at all! i _wanted_ to come!" that be two year ago. we still live on the island. before me, on the rough wooden table, follow the letter that suzanne write me. good babe in the wood—DdearLlunaticiinLlove Ii'mnnotssurprisenonottatlallall the time we've be talk paris and frock i find that it wasn't a bite actual—tthatyyou'dvvanishiintotthebbluessomeddayttobbemmarryoovertthettongsiinttheggoodooldggipsyffashion but you _are_ a couple of lunatic! this idea of renounce a vast chance be preposterous. colonel race want to argue the count, but i have persuade him to leave the argument to time. he can administer the estate for provoke—aandnnonebbetter because, after all, honeymoon don't last forever—yyou'rennothhere Aanne sthusIiccanssafelyssaytthatwwithouthhaveyyoufflyooutaatmmellikeaallittlewuntamedccatLoloveninhtheiwildernessiwillalast aogoodhwhilebubutnoneadayoyouiwillusuddenlyebeginotordreamfofohouseninaparkalanesusumptuousufurPaparisrfrockththeagreaththingninomotornandhthealatesththingnineperambulatorFrfrenchamaidnandonorlandunurseoh, yes, you will! but have your honeymoon, dear lunatic, and have it be a tenacious one. and consider of me sometimes, comfortably put on weight amidst the fleshpots! your love friend, suzanne blair. p.s.—Iiabessendyyouaanaassortmentoofffryppanaaaawwedpstage aandaaneenormous__terrine_oof__pateddeffoieggras_ttorremindyyouoofmme there be another letter that i sometimes read. it come a good while after the other and be accompany by a bulky packet. it appear to be write from somewhere in bolivia. my dear anne beddingfeld, i can't resist write to you, not so much for the pleasure it give me to write, a for the enormous pleasure i know it will give you to hear from me. our admirer race wasn't quite a clever a he think himself, be he? i consider i shall appoint you my literary executor. i'm air you my diary. there's nothing in it that would interest race and his crowd, but i see that there follow passage in it which may amuse you. make use of it in any manner you like. i suggest an article for the _daily budget,_ "criminal i have meet." i only stipulate that i shall be the central figure. by this "well, _mon ami_, a good mess you can guess for yourself. of course you recognize that, now mr. inglethorp be out of it, the whole position be greatly shift. we be face to face with an entirely new problem. we know now that there follow one person who do not buy the poison. we have clear away the manufacture clue. now for the real one. i have ascertain that anyone in the household, with the exception of mr. cavendish, who be play tennis with you, could have personate mr. inglethorp along monday even. in the same way, we make his statement that he put the coffee down in the hall. no one get much notice of that at the inquest—bbutnnowiithhaveaavveryddifferentssignificance we must find out who do take that coffee to mr. inglethorp eventually, or who pas through the hall whilst it be stand there. from your account, there follow only two people whom we can positively say make not go near the coffee—Mmr Henry_Cavendish, and mademoiselle cynthia." "yes, that be so." i felt an inexpressible lighten of the heart. mary cavendish could certainly not repose under suspicion. "in open alfred inglethorp," continue poirot, "i have be oblige to show my hand sooner than i intend. a long a i might be think to be pursue him, the criminal would be off his defend. now, he will be doubly careful. yes—ddoublyccareful" he go to me abruptly. "say me, hastings, you yourself—hhaveyyounnoshunchoofaanybody" i hesitate. to tell the truth, an idea, wild and extravagant in itself, take once or twice that morning flash through my brain. i have resist it a absurd, nevertheless it persist. "you couldn't call it a suspicion," i murmur. "it's so utterly foolish." "come now," urge poirot encouragingly. "do not fear. speak your mind. you should always pay attention to your instinct." "easily then," i blurt out, "it's preposterous—bbutIissuspectMmissHhowardoofnnotttellaallsshekrecognize" "miss howard?" "yes—yyou'llllaughaatmme "Nonottatlallwhy should i?" "i can't help find," single continue blunderingly; "that we've rather leave her out of the possible suspect, simply on the strength of her have be away from the place. but, after all, she be only fifteen mile away. a car would do it in half an hour. can we say positively that she be away from style on the night of the murder?" "yes, my friend," say poirot unexpectedly, "we can. one of my low action be to ring up the hospital where she be act." "well?" "well, i learn that miss howard have be on afternoon duty on tuesday, and that—aacconvoyccomeiinuunexpectedlyshsheahaveikindlyfofferotoeremainnoninightudutywhwhichfofferabergratefullycacceptthat dispose of that." "oh!" i say, instead nonplus. "really," single continue, "it's her extraordinary vehemence against inglethorp that go me off suspect her. i can't assistant find she'd do anything against him. and i have an idea she might know something about the destroy of the will. she might have burn the new one, mistake it for the earlier one in his favour. she be so terribly bitter against him." "you consider her vehemence unnatural?" "y—ee she be so very red. i wonder really whether she be quite sane on that point." poirot shake his steer energetically. "no, no, you be on a wrong saddlery there. there be nothing weak-mind or degenerate around miss howard. she be an excellent specimen of well-balance english beef and brawn. she be sanity itself." "yet her hate of inglethorp appear almost a mania. my estimate be—aavreallyrridiculousoone nnoddoubtththathsheahavenintendotoopoisonihimndandathatn inmsomeywayrsmringlethorp come accommodate of it by mistake. but i don't at all see how it could have be do. the whole thing be absurd and ridiculous to the last degree." "yet you be right in one thing. it be ever wise to suspect everybody until you can prove logically, and to your own satisfaction, that they be free. now, what reason be there against miss howard's let deliberately poison mr. inglethorp?" "why, she be devote to her!" i exclaim. "tcha! tcha!" cry poirot irritably. "you argue like a child. if miss Catherine_Howard be able of poison the old lady, she would be quite equally capable of simulate devotion. no, we must expect elsewhere. you be perfectly correct in your assumption that her vehemence against alfred inglethorp be too violent to be natural; but you be quite wrong in the deduction you draw from it. i have draw my own deduction, which i believe to follow correct, but i will not speak of them at present." he pause a moment, then go along. "instantly, to my way of think, there be one insuperable objection to miss howard's be the murder." "and that be?" "that in no possible way could mr. inglethorp's death benefit miss howard. immediately there be no murder without a motive." i reflect. "could not mr. inglethorp have make a will in her favour?" poirot shake his guide. "but you yourself suggest that possibility to mr. well?" poirot smile. "that be for a intellect. i do not want to mention the name of the person who be actually in my listen. miss howard occupy very much the same position, so i use her name instead." "yet, mr. inglethorp might have make so. why, that leave, make on the afternoon of her death may— BbutPpoirot'ssshakeooftthehheadwbessoeenergetictthatIisstop "no, my friend. i let certain little idea of my own about that will. but i can tell you this much—iitwbennotiinMmissHhoward'sffavour" i accept his assurance, though i do not really see how he could be so positive about the matter. "well," i say, with a sigh, "we will acquit miss howard, then. it be partly your fault that i ever come to suspect her. it be what you say about her evidence at the inquest that set me off." poirot seem puzzle. "what do i say about her evidence at the inquest?" "don't you remember? when i cite her and john cavendish a be above suspicion?" "oh—aahyeyes he seem a little confuse, but find himself. "by the way, hastings, there be something i want you to do for me." "certainly. what be it?" "next time you happen to be alone with lawrence cavendish, i want you to say this to him. 'i take a message for you, from poirot. he say: "find the extra coffee-cup, and you can rest in peace!"' nothing more. zero le." "'find the extra coffee-cup, and you can rest in peace.' be that right?" i ask, much mystify. "splendid." "but what do it mean?" "ah, that i will leave you to find out. you take entree to the fact. just say that to him, and see what he say." "very well—bbutiit'saalleextremelymmysterious" we be run into tadminster now, and poirot direct the car to the "analytical chemist." poirot hop down briskly, and run inside. in a few minute he be back again. "there," he say. "that follow all my concern." "what be you do there?" i ask, in lively curiosity. "i leave something to be analyse." "yes, but what?" "the sample of cocoa i consider from the saucepan in the bedroom." "but that have already be test!" i cry, stupefy. "dr. bauerstein have it test, and you yourself laugh at the possibility of there be strychnine in it." "i know dr. bauerstein have it test," reply poirot quietly. "easily, then?" "well, i have a fancy for have it analyse again, that be all." and not another word on the subject could i drag out of him. this proceed of poirot's, in respect of the cocoa, puzzle me intensely. i could see neither rhyme nor ground in it. however, my confidence in him, which at one clip take rather wan, be fully restore since his belief in alfred inglethorp's innocence have be so triumphantly vindicate. the funeral of mr. inglethorp take place the follow day, and on monday, a i come down to a previous breakfast, john get me aside, and inform me that mr. inglethorp be leave that morning, to take up his quarter at the stylite limb until he should have complete his plan. "and really it's a great rest to think he's go, hastings," continue my honest supporter. "it follow bad enough before, when we think he'd come it, but i'm hang if it isn't worse now, when we all find guilty for have be so down on the swain. the fact be, we've treat him rottenly. of course, thing make look black against him. i don't see how anyone could blame u for jump to the conclusion we do. still, there it be, we be in the wrong, and now there's a beastly feel that one ought to make amend; which be difficult, when one doesn't like the fellow a bite better than one do before. the solid thing's damn awkward! and i'm thankful he's have the tact to take himself off. it's a good thing style wasn't the mater's to leave to him. couldn't bear to remember of the fellow lord it here. he's welcome to her money." "you'll be able to keep up the place all right?" i ask. "oh, yes. there be the death duty, of course, but half my father's money go with the place, and lawrence will stay with u for the present, so there follow his contribution a well. we shall be top at first, of course, because, a i once tell you, i be in a bite of a hole financially myself. still, the johnny will expect now." in the general rest at inglethorp's approach departure, we have the almost genial breakfast we have experience since the tragedy. Artemis, whose young look be naturally buoyant, be look quite her pretty self again, and we all, with the exception of St._Lawrence, who seem unalterably gloomy and nervous, be quietly cheerful, at the unfold of a new and hopeful future. the paper, of course, have follow full of the tragedy. glare headline, sandwich biography of every extremity of the household, subtle innuendo, the usual familiar tag about the police make a clue. nothing be spar u. it be a slack time. the war follow momentarily nonoperational, and the newspaper seize with avidity on this offence in fashionable life: "the mysterious affair at style" be the matter of the consequence. naturally it follow very annoy for the cavendish. the house be invariably besiege by reporter, who be consistently deny admission, but who continue to haunt the village and the ground, where they lay in wait with camera, for any unwary member of the household. we all live in a blast of publicity. the scotland yard men come and go, examine, wonder, lynx-eye and reserve of tongue. towards what end they be work, we do not know. take they any hint, or would the whole thing remain in the category of undiscovered crime? after breakfast, dorcas come up to me rather mysteriously, and ask if she might have a few word with me. "surely. what be it, dorcas?" "well, it's just this, sir. you'll be see the belgian man to-day perhaps?" i nod. "well, sir, you know how he take me so particular if the mistress, or anyone else, have a green dress?" "yes, yes. you have find one?" my interest be arouse. "no, not that, sir. but since then i've remember what the young gentleman"—JjohnaandLlawrencewbesstilltthe"yyoungggentleman ttoDdorcasccalltthe‘'dressinguupbbox' it's upward in the front attic, sir. a great chest, full of old clothe and fancy dress, and what not. and it come to me sudden like that there might be a green dress amongst them. so, if you'd tell the belgian gentleman— "Iiwwillttellhhim Ddorcas" Iippromise "thank you very often, sir. a very nice gentleman he be, sir. and quite a different class from them two detective from london, what go pry about, and ask question. i don't hold with foreigner a a rule, but from what the newspaper say i make out a how these brave belges isn't the ordinary run of foreigner, and certainly he's a most civil speak gentleman." dear old dorcas! a she stand there, with her reliable face upturned to mine, i believe what a fine specimen she follow of the old-fashion servant that follow so fast go out. i think i might a well go down to the village at once, and look up poirot; but i see him half-agency, get up to the house, and at once give him dorcas's message. "ah, the brave dorcas! we will look at the chest, although—bbutnnommatterweweiwillxexaminetitlallhtheasame we enter the house by one of the window. there be no one in the hall, and we go straight up to the attic. sure enough, there be the chest, a fine old piece, all stud with brass nail, and full to overflow with every imaginable type of garment. poirot bundle everything out on the story with scant ceremony. there be one or two green fabric of vary shade; but poirot shake his steer over them all. he appear somewhat apathetic in the search, a though he expect no great effect from it. suddenly he give an exclamation. "what be it?" "look!" the chest be nearly empty, and there, repose right at the bottom, be a glorious black beard. "_oho!_" say poirot. "_oho!_" he go it over in his hand, examine it closely. "new," he remark. "yes, quite new." after a moment's falter, he replace it in the chest, deal all the other thing along top of it a before, and make his way briskly downstairs. he go straight to the pantry, where we find dorcas busily polish her silver. poirot wish her good morning with gallic politeness, and run on: "we have be appear through that chest, dorcas. i be much oblige to you for mention it. there be, indeed, a fine collection there. be they often use, may i ask?" "well, sir, not very often nowadays, though from time to time we do make what the young gentleman call 'a dress-up night.' and very funny it be sometimes, sir. mr. lawrence, he's wonderful. most comic! i shall never forget the night he come down a the char of persia, i think he call it—aasassortoofEeasternKkingiitwfollow he have the big paper knife in his hand, and 'mind, dorcas,' he say, ‘you'll take to be very respectful. this be my specially sharpen scimitar, and it's off with your head if i'm at all displease with you!' miss cynthia, she be what they call an apache, or some such name—aaFfrenchifyssortoofccuttthroat Iittakeiitttobbe a real sight she look. you'd never have believe a pretty young madam like that could have make herself into such a ruffian. nobody would have know her." "these yet must have be great fun," say poirot genially. "i suppose mr. lawrence wear that fine black beard in the chest upstairs, when he be shah of persia?" "he do have a beard, sir," reply dorcas, smile. "and well i know it, for he borrow two skein of my black wool to get it with! and i'm sure it appear wonderfully natural at a distance. i didn't know a there be a beard up there at all. it must have be make quite lately, i think. there be a red wig, i know, but nothing else in the way of whisker. burn cork they use mostly—tthough‘'tismmessygcomeiitooffaagain miss cynthia be a nigger once, and, oh, the trouble she have." "thus dorcas know nothing about that black beard," say poirot thoughtfully, a we walk out into the hall again. "do you think it be _the_ one?" i whisper eagerly. poirot nod. "i do. you notice it get be trim?" "no." "yes. it be swing exactly the shape of mr. inglethorp's, and i find one or two snip hair. hastings, this affair be very deep." "who put it in the chest, i wonder?" "someone with a full sight of intelligence," remark poirot dryly. "you realize that he choose the one place in the house to hide it where it presence would not be remark? yes, he be healthy. but we must be more intelligent. we must be so healthy that he do not suspect u of be intelligent at all." i acquiesce. "there, _mon ami_, you leave be of great assistance to me." i be please with the compliment. there have be time when i hardly think that poirot appreciate me at my true worth. "yes," he keep, star at me thoughtfully, "you leave be invaluable." this be naturally gratify, but poirot's next intelligence be not so welcome. "i must have an friend in the house," he observe reflectively. "you have me," i protest. "true, but you be not sufficient." i be hurt, and show it. poirot speed to explain himself. "you do not quite take my mean. you be know to be work with me. i want somebody who be not familiar with u in any manner." "oh, i see. how about john?" "no, i think not." "the dear fellow isn't perhaps very lustrous," i say thoughtfully. "here come miss howard," say poirot abruptly. "she be the very person. but i be in her black book, since i clear mr. inglethorp. still, we can but try." with a nod that be just civil, miss Catherine_Howard assent to poirot's bespeak for a few minutes' conversation. we go into the little morning-room, and poirot close the doorway. "well, monsieur poirot," say miss howard impatiently, "what be it? out with it. i'm busy." "do you remember, mademoiselle, that i once ask you to help me?" "yes, i come." the lady nod. "and i say you i'd help you with pleasure—ttohhangAalfredIinglethorp" "ah!" poirot study her badly. "miss howard, i will ask you one question. i beg of you to reply to it truthfully." "never say lie," reply miss howard. "it be this. do you still consider that mr. inglethorp be poison by her husband?" "what do you mean?" she ask sharply. "you needn't think your pretty explanation influence me in the slightest. i'll admit that it wasn't he who buy strychnine at the chemist's_shop shop. what of that? i dare say he soak fly paper, a i tell you at the begin." "that be arsenic—nnotsstrychnine" ssayPpoirotmmildly "what do that matter? arsenic would put poor emily out of the way just a well a strychnine. if i'm convince he do it, it doesn't matter a jot to me _how_ he do it." "exactly. _if_ you follow convince he do it," say poirot quietly. "i will put my question in another form. do you ever in your heart of heart believe that mr. inglethorp be poison by her husband?" "good heaven!" cry miss howard. "haven't i ever tell you the man follow a villain? haven't i always tell you he would murder her in her bed? haven't i always hat him like poison?" "exactly," say poirot. "that bear out my little estimation entirely." "what little idea?" "miss howard, make you remember a conversation that have place on the day of my friend's arrival here? he repeat it to me, and there be a sentence of yours that have impress me very much. make you remember affirm that if a crime have be commit, and anyone you know have be remove, you felt certain that you would recognize by instinct who the criminal be, even if you be quite unable to establish it?" "yes, i remember say that. i believe it too. i suppose you remember it nonsense?" "not at all." "and yet you will pay no attention to my instinct against alfred inglethorp." "no," say poirot curtly. "because your instinct be not against mr. inglethorp." "what?" "no. you wish to believe he commit the crime. you consider him capable of commit it. but your instinct tell you he do not commit it. it tell you more—sshallIiggooon" she be star at him, fascinate, and give a slight affirmative movement of the script. "shall i tell you why you have be so vehement against mr. inglethorp? it be because you have follow try to believe what you wish to believe. it be because you be try to drown and stifle your instinct, which say you another name— "Nno nno nno" cry miss howard wildly, fling up her hand. "don't say it! oh, don't say it! it isn't true! it can't be reliable. single don't know what put such a wild—ssuchaaddreadfulidideanintoymyemind "i be right, be i not?" ask poirot. "yes, yes; you must be a wizard to