The _Lusitania_ had been struck by two torpedoes in succession and was sinking rapidly, while the boats were being launched with all possible speed. The women and children were being lined up awaiting their turn. Some still clung desperately to husbands and fathers; others clutched their children closely to their breasts. One girl stood alone, slightly apart from the rest. She was quite young, not more than eighteen. She did not seem afraid, and her grave, steadfast eyes looked straight ahead. "I beg your pardon." A man's voice beside her made her start and turn. She had noticed the speaker more than once amongst the first-class passengers. There had been a hint of mystery about him which had appealed to her imagination. He spoke to no one. If anyone spoke to him he was quick to rebuff the overture. Also he had a nervous way of looking over his shoulder with a swift, suspicious glance. She noticed now that he was greatly agitated. There were beads of perspiration on his brow. He was evidently in a state of overmastering fear. And yet he did not strike her as the kind of man who would be afraid to meet death! "Yes?" Her grave eyes met his inquiringly. He stood looking at her with a kind of desperate irresolution. "It must be!" he muttered to himself. "Yes--it is the only way." Then aloud he said abruptly: "You are an American?" "Yes." "A patriotic one?" The girl flushed. "I guess you've no right to ask such a thing! Of course I am!" "Don't be offended. You wouldn't be if you knew how much there was at stake. But I've got to trust some one--and it must be a woman." "Why?" "Because of ‘women and children first.'" He looked round and lowered his voice. "I'm carrying papers--vitally important papers. They may make all the difference to the Allies in the war. You understand? These papers have _got_ to be saved! They've more chance with you than with me. Will you take them?" The girl held out her hand. "Wait--I must warn you. There may be a risk--if I've been followed. I don't think I have, but one never knows. If so, there will be danger. Have you the nerve to go through with it?" The girl smiled. "I'll go through with it all right. And I'm real proud to be chosen! What am I to do with them afterwards?" "Watch the newspapers! I'll advertise in the personal column of the _Times_, beginning ‘Shipmate.' At the end of three days if there's nothing--well, you'll know I'm down and out. Then take the packet to the American Embassy, and deliver it into the Ambassador's own hands. Is that clear?" "Quite clear." "Then be ready--I'm going to say good-bye." He took her hand in his. "Good-bye. Good luck to you," he said in a louder tone. Her hand closed on the oilskin packet that had lain in his palm. The _Lusitania_ settled with a more decided list to starboard. In answer to a quick command, the girl went forward to take her place in the boat. "TOMMY, old thing!" "Tuppence, old bean!" The two young people greeted each other affectionately, and momentarily blocked the Dover Street Tube exit in doing so. The adjective "old" was misleading. Their united ages would certainly not have totalled forty-five. "Not seen you for simply centuries," continued the young man. "Where are you off to? Come and chew a bun with me. We're getting a bit unpopular here--blocking the gangway as it were. Let's get out of it." The girl assenting, they started walking down Dover Street towards Piccadilly. "Now then," said Tommy, "where shall we go?" The very faint anxiety which underlay his tone did not escape the astute ears of Miss Prudence Cowley, known to her intimate friends for some mysterious reason as "Tuppence." She pounced at once. "Tommy, you're stony!" "Not a bit of it," declared Tommy unconvincingly. "Rolling in cash." "You always were a shocking liar," said Tuppence severely, "though you did once persuade Sister Greenbank that the doctor had ordered you beer as a tonic, but forgotten to write it on the chart. Do you remember?" Tommy chuckled. "I should think I did! Wasn't the old cat in a rage when she found out? Not that she was a bad sort really, old Mother Greenbank! Good old hospital--demobbed like everything else, I suppose?" Tuppence sighed. "Yes. You too?" Tommy nodded. "Two months ago." "Gratuity?" hinted Tuppence. "Spent." "Oh, Tommy!" "No, old thing, not in riotous dissipation. No such luck! The cost of living--ordinary plain, or garden living nowadays is, I assure you, if you do not know----" "My dear child," interrupted Tuppence, "there is nothing I do _not_ know about the cost of living. Here we are at Lyons', and we will each of us pay for our own. That's it!" And Tuppence led the way upstairs. The place was full, and they wandered about looking for a table, catching odds and ends of conversation as they did so. "And--do you know, she sat down and _cried_ when I told her she couldn't have the flat after all." "It was simply a _bargain_, my dear! Just like the one Mabel Lewis brought from Paris----" "Funny scraps one does overhear," murmured Tommy. "I passed two Johnnies in the street to-day talking about some one called Jane Finn. Did you ever hear such a name?" But at that moment two elderly ladies rose and collected parcels, and Tuppence deftly ensconced herself in one of the vacant seats. Tommy ordered tea and buns. Tuppence ordered tea and buttered toast. "And mind the tea comes in separate teapots," she added severely. Tommy sat down opposite her. His bared head revealed a shock of exquisitely slicked-back red hair. His face was pleasantly ugly--nondescript, yet unmistakably the face of a gentleman and a sportsman. His brown suit was well cut, but perilously near the end of its tether. They were an essentially modern-looking couple as they sat there. Tuppence had no claim to beauty, but there was character and charm in the elfin lines of her little face, with its determined chin and large, wide-apart grey eyes that looked mistily out from under straight, black brows. She wore a small bright green toque over her black bobbed hair, and her extremely short and rather shabby skirt revealed a pair of uncommonly dainty ankles. Her appearance presented a valiant attempt at smartness. The tea came at last, and Tuppence, rousing herself from a fit of meditation, poured it out. "Now then," said Tommy, taking a large bite of bun, "let's get up-to-date. Remember, I haven't seen you since that time in hospital in 1916." "Very well." Tuppence helped herself liberally to buttered toast. "Abridged biography of Miss Prudence Cowley, fifth daughter of Archdeacon Cowley of Little Missendell, Suffolk. Miss Cowley left the delights (and drudgeries) of her home life early in the war and came up to London, where she entered an officers' hospital. First month: Washed up six hundred and forty-eight plates every day. Second month: Promoted to drying aforesaid plates. Third month: Promoted to peeling potatoes. Fourth month: Promoted to cutting bread and butter. Fifth month: Promoted one floor up to duties of wardmaid with mop and pail. Sixth month: Promoted to waiting at table. Seventh month: Pleasing appearance and nice manners so striking that am promoted to waiting on the Sisters! Eighth month: Slight check in career. Sister Bond ate Sister Westhaven's egg! Grand row! Wardmaid clearly to blame! Inattention in such important matters cannot be too highly censured. Mop and pail again! How are the mighty fallen! Ninth month: Promoted to sweeping out wards, where I found a friend of my childhood in Lieutenant Thomas Beresford (bow, Tommy! ), whom I had not seen for five long years. The meeting was affecting! Tenth month: Reproved by matron for visiting the pictures in company with one of the patients, namely: the aforementioned Lieutenant Thomas Beresford. Eleventh and twelfth months: Parlourmaid duties resumed with entire success. At the end of the year left hospital in a blaze of glory. After that, the talented Miss Cowley drove successively a trade delivery van, a motor-lorry and a general! The last was the pleasantest. He was quite a young general!" "What blighter was that?" inquired Tommy. "Perfectly sickening the way those brass hats drove from the War Office to the _Savoy_, and from the _Savoy_ to the War Office!" "I've forgotten his name now," confessed Tuppence. "To resume, that was in a way the apex of my career. I next entered a Government office. We had several very enjoyable tea parties. I had intended to become a land girl, a postwoman, and a bus conductress by way of rounding off my career--but the Armistice intervened! I clung to the office with the true limpet touch for many long months, but, alas, I was combed out at last. Since then I've been looking for a job. Now then--your turn." "There's not so much promotion in mine," said Tommy regretfully, "and a great deal less variety. I went out to France again, as you know. Then they sent me to Mesopotamia, and I got wounded for the second time, and went into hospital out there. Then I got stuck in Egypt till the Armistice happened, kicked my heels there some time longer, and, as I told you, finally got demobbed. And, for ten long, weary months I've been job hunting! There aren't any jobs! And, if there were, they wouldn't give ‘em to me. What good am I? What do I know about business? Nothing." Tuppence nodded gloomily. "What about the colonies?" she suggested. Tommy shook his head. "I shouldn't like the colonies--and I'm perfectly certain they wouldn't like me!" "Rich relations?" Again Tommy shook his head. "Oh, Tommy, not even a great-aunt?" "I've got an old uncle who's more or less rolling, but he's no good." "Why not?" "Wanted to adopt me once. I refused." "I think I remember hearing about it," said Tuppence slowly. "You refused because of your mother----" Tommy flushed. "Yes, it would have been a bit rough on the mater. As you know, I was all she had. Old boy hated her--wanted to get me away from her. Just a bit of spite." "Your mother's dead, isn't she?" said Tuppence gently. Tommy nodded. Tuppence's large grey eyes looked misty. "You're a good sort, Tommy. I always knew it." "Rot!" said Tommy hastily. "Well, that's my position. I'm just about desperate." "So am I! I've hung out as long as I could. I've touted round. I've answered advertisements. I've tried every mortal blessed thing. I've screwed and saved and pinched! But it's no good. I shall have to go home!" "Don't you want to?" "Of course I don't want to! What's the good of being sentimental? Father's a dear--I'm awfully fond of him--but you've no idea how I worry him! He has that delightful early Victorian view that short skirts and smoking are immoral. You can imagine what a thorn in the flesh I am to him! He just heaved a sigh of relief when the war took me off. You see, there are seven of us at home. It's awful! All housework and mothers' meetings! I have always been the changeling. I don't want to go back, but--oh, Tommy, what else is there to do?" Tommy shook his head sadly. There was a silence, and then Tuppence burst out: "Money, money, money! I think about money morning, noon and night! I dare say it's mercenary of me, but there it is!" "Same here," agreed Tommy with feeling. "I've thought over every imaginable way of getting it too," continued Tuppence. "There are only three! To be left it, to marry it, or to make it. First is ruled out. I haven't got any rich elderly relatives. Any relatives I have are in homes for decayed gentlewomen! I always help old ladies over crossings, and pick up parcels for old gentlemen, in case they should turn out to be eccentric millionaires. But not one of them has ever asked me my name--and quite a lot never said ‘Thank you.'" There was a pause. "Of course," resumed Tuppence, "marriage is my best chance. I made up my mind to marry money when I was quite young. Any thinking girl would! I'm not sentimental, you know." She paused. "Come now, you can't say I'm sentimental," she added sharply. "Certainly not," agreed Tommy hastily. "No one would ever think of sentiment in connection with you." "That's not very polite," replied Tuppence. "But I dare say you mean it all right. Well, there it is! I'm ready and willing--but I never meet any rich men! All the boys I know are about as hard up as I am." "What about the general?" inquired Tommy. "I fancy he keeps a bicycle shop in time of peace," explained Tuppence. "No, there it is! Now _you_ could marry a rich girl." "I'm like you. I don't know any." "That doesn't matter. You can always get to know one. Now, if I see a man in a fur coat come out of the _Ritz_ I can't rush up to him and say: ‘Look here, you're rich. I'd like to know you.'" "Do you suggest that I should do that to a similarly garbed female?" "Don't be silly. You tread on her foot, or pick up her handkerchief, or something like that. If she thinks you want to know her she's flattered, and will manage it for you somehow." "You overrate my manly charms," murmured Tommy. "On the other hand," proceeded Tuppence, "my millionaire would probably run for his life! No--marriage is fraught with difficulties. Remains--to _make_ money!" "We've tried that, and failed," Tommy reminded her. "We've tried all the orthodox ways, yes. But suppose we try the unorthodox. Tommy, let's be adventurers!" "Certainly," replied Tommy cheerfully. "How do we begin?" "That's the difficulty. If we could make ourselves known, people might hire us to commit crimes for them." "Delightful," commented Tommy. "Especially coming from a clergyman's daughter!" "The moral guilt," Tuppence pointed out, "would be theirs--not mine. You must admit that there's a difference between stealing a diamond necklace for yourself and being hired to steal it." "There wouldn't be the least difference if you were caught!" "Perhaps not. But I shouldn't be caught. I'm so clever." "Modesty always was your besetting sin," remarked Tommy. "Don't rag. Look here, Tommy, shall we really? Shall we form a business partnership?" "Form a company for the stealing of diamond necklaces?" "That was only an illustration. Let's have a--what do you call it in book-keeping?" "Don't know. Never did any." "I have--but I always got mixed up, and used to put credit entries on the debit side, and vice versa--so they fired me out. Oh, I know--a joint venture! It struck me as such a romantic phrase to come across in the middle of musty old figures. It's got an Elizabethan flavour about it--makes one think of galleons and doubloons. A joint venture!" "Trading under the name of the Young Adventurers, Ltd.? Is that your idea, Tuppence?" "It's all very well to laugh, but I feel there might be something in it." "How do you propose to get in touch with your would-be employers?" "Advertisement," replied Tuppence promptly. "Have you got a bit of paper and a pencil? Men usually seem to have. Just like we have hairpins and powder-puffs." Tommy handed over a rather shabby green notebook, and Tuppence began writing busily. "Shall we begin: ‘Young officer, twice wounded in the war----'" "Certainly not." "Oh, very well, my dear boy. But I can assure you that that sort of thing might touch the heart of an elderly spinster, and she might adopt you, and then there would be no need for you to be a young adventurer at all." "I don't want to be adopted." "I forgot you had a prejudice against it. I was only ragging you! The papers are full up to the brim with that type of thing. Now listen--how's this? ‘Two young adventurers for hire. Willing to do anything, go anywhere. Pay must be good.' (We might as well make that clear from the start.) Then we might add: ‘No reasonable offer refused'--like flats and furniture." "I should think any offer we get in answer to that would be a pretty _un_reasonable one!" "Tommy! You're a genius! That's ever so much more chic. ‘No unreasonable offer refused--if pay is good.' How's that?" "I shouldn't mention pay again. It looks rather eager." "It couldn't look as eager as I feel! But perhaps you are right. Now I'll read it straight through. ‘Two young adventurers for hire. Willing to do anything, go anywhere. Pay must be good. No unreasonable offer refused.' How would that strike you if you read it?" "It would strike me as either being a hoax, or else written by a lunatic." "It's not half so insane as a thing I read this morning beginning ‘Petunia' and signed ‘Best Boy.'" She tore out the leaf and handed it to Tommy. "There you are. _Times_, I think. Reply to Box so-and-so. I expect it will be about five shillings. Here's half a crown for my share." Tommy was holding the paper thoughtfully. His faced burned a deeper red. "Shall we really try it?" he said at last. "Shall we, Tuppence? Just for the fun of the thing?" "Tommy, you're a sport! I knew you would be! Let's drink to success." She poured some cold dregs of tea into the two cups. "Here's to our joint venture, and may it prosper!" "The Young Adventurers, Ltd.!" responded Tommy. They put down the cups and laughed rather uncertainly. Tuppence rose. "I must return to my palatial suite at the hostel." "Perhaps it is time I strolled round to the _Ritz_," agreed Tommy with a grin. "Where shall we meet? And when?" "Twelve o'clock to-morrow. Piccadilly Tube station. Will that suit you?" "My time is my own," replied Mr. Beresford magnificently. "So long, then." "Good-bye, old thing." The two young people went off in opposite directions. Tuppence's hostel was situated in what was charitably called Southern Belgravia. For reasons of economy she did not take a bus. She was half-way across St. James's Park, when a man's voice behind her made her start. "Excuse me," it said. "But may I speak to you for a moment?" TUPPENCE turned sharply, but the words hovering on the tip of her tongue remained unspoken, for the man's appearance and manner did not bear out her first and most natural assumption. She hesitated. As if he read her thoughts, the man said quickly: "I can assure you I mean no disrespect." Tuppence believed him. Although she disliked and distrusted him instinctively, she was inclined to acquit him of the particular motive which she had at first attributed to him. She looked him up and down. He was a big man, clean shaven, with a heavy jowl. His eyes were small and cunning, and shifted their glance under her direct gaze. "Well, what is it?" she asked. The man smiled. "I happened to overhear part of your conversation with the young gentleman in Lyons'." "Well--what of it?" "Nothing--except that I think I may be of some use to you." Another inference forced itself into Tuppence's mind: "You followed me here?" "I took that liberty." "And in what way do you think you could be of use to me?" The man took a card from his pocket and handed it to her with a bow. Tuppence took it and scrutinized it carefully. It bore the inscription, "Mr. Edward Whittington." Below the name were the words "Esthonia Glassware Co.," and the address of a city office. Mr. Whittington spoke again: "If you will call upon me to-morrow morning at eleven o'clock, I will lay the details of my proposition before you." "At eleven o'clock?" said Tuppence doubtfully. "At eleven o'clock." Tuppence made up her mind. "Very well. I'll be there." "Thank you. Good evening." He raised his hat with a flourish, and walked away. Tuppence remained for some minutes gazing after him. Then she gave a curious movement of her shoulders, rather as a terrier shakes himself. "The adventures have begun," she murmured to herself. "What does he want me to do, I wonder? There's something about you, Mr. Whittington, that I don't like at all. But, on the other hand, I'm not the least bit afraid of you. And as I've said before, and shall doubtless say again, little Tuppence can look after herself, thank you!" And with a short, sharp nod of her head she walked briskly onward. As a result of further meditations, however, she turned aside from the direct route and entered a post office. There she pondered for some moments, a telegraph form in her hand. The thought of a possible five shillings spent unnecessarily spurred I should suggest that we call upon him there as soon as possible. Shall we say after a bath and breakfast?" It was arranged that Tuppence and Julius should return to the _Ritz_, and call for Sir James in the car. This programme was faithfully carried out, and a little after eleven they drew up before the _Métropole_. They asked for Dr. Hall, and a page-boy went in search of him. In a few minutes the little doctor came hurrying towards them. "Can you spare us a few minutes, Dr. Hall?" said Sir James pleasantly. "Let me introduce you to Miss Cowley. Mr. Hersheimmer, I think, you already know." A quizzical gleam came into the doctor's eye as he shook hands with Julius. "Ah, yes, my young friend of the tree episode! Ankle all right, eh?" "I guess it's cured owing to your skilful treatment, doc." "And the heart trouble? Ha ha!" "Still searching," said Julius briefly. "To come to the point, can we have a word with you in private?" asked Sir James. "Certainly. I think there is a room here where we shall be quite undisturbed." He led the way, and the others followed him. They sat down, and the doctor looked inquiringly at Sir James. "Dr. Hall, I am very anxious to find a certain young lady for the purpose of obtaining a statement from her. I have reason to believe that she has been at one time or another in your establishment at Bournemouth. I hope I am transgressing no professional etiquette in questioning you on the subject?" "I suppose it is a matter of testimony?" Sir James hesitated a moment, then he replied: "Yes." "I shall be pleased to give you any information in my power. What is the young lady's name? Mr. Hersheimmer asked me, I remember----" He half turned to Julius. "The name," said Sir James bluntly, "is really immaterial. She would be almost certainly sent to you under an assumed one. But I should like to know if you are acquainted with a Mrs. Vandemeyer?" "Mrs. Vandemeyer, of 20 South Audley Mansions? I know her slightly." "You are not aware of what has happened?" "What do you mean?" "You do not know that Mrs. Vandemeyer is dead?" "Dear, dear, I had no idea of it! When did it happen?" "She took an overdose of chloral last night." "Purposely?" "Accidentally, it is believed. I should not like to say myself. Anyway, she was found dead this morning." "Very sad. A singularly handsome woman. I presume she was a friend of yours, since you are acquainted with all these details." "I am acquainted with the details because--well, it was I who found her dead." "Indeed," said the doctor, starting. "Yes," said Sir James, and stroked his chin reflectively. "This is very sad news, but you will excuse me if I say that I do not see how it bears on the subject of your inquiry?" "It bears on it in this way, is it not a fact that Mrs. Vandemeyer committed a young relative of hers to your charge?" Julius leaned forward eagerly. "That is the case," said the doctor quietly. "Under the name of----?" "Janet Vandemeyer. I understood her to be a niece of Mrs. Vandemeyer's." "And she came to you?" "As far as I can remember in June or July of 1915." "Was she a mental case?" "She is perfectly sane, if that is what you mean. I understood from Mrs. Vandemeyer that the girl had been with her on the _Lusitania_ when that ill-fated ship was sunk, and had suffered a severe shock in consequence." "We're on the right track, I think?" Sir James looked round. "As I said before, I'm a mutt!" returned Julius. The doctor looked at them all curiously. "You spoke of wanting a statement from her," he said. "Supposing she is not able to give one?" "What? You have just said that she is perfectly sane." "So she is. Nevertheless, if you want a statement from her concerning any events prior to May 7, 1915, she will not be able to give it to you." They looked at the little man, stupefied. He nodded cheerfully. "It's a pity," he said. "A great pity, especially as I gather, Sir James, that the matter is important. But there it is, she can tell you nothing." "But why, man? Darn it all, why?" The little man shifted his benevolent glance to the excited young American. "Because Janet Vandemeyer is suffering from a complete loss of memory." _"What? "_ "Quite so. An interesting case, a _very_ interesting case. Not so uncommon, really, as you would think. There are several very well known parallels. It's the first case of the kind that I've had under my own personal observation, and I must admit that I've found it of absorbing interest." There was something rather ghoulish in the little man's satisfaction. "And she remembers nothing," said Sir James slowly. "Nothing prior to May 7, 1915. After that date her memory is as good as yours or mine." "Then the first thing she remembers?" "Is landing with the survivors. Everything before that is a blank. She did not know her own name, or where she had come from, or where she was. She couldn't even speak her own tongue." "But surely all this is most unusual?" put in Julius. "No, my dear sir. Quite normal under the circumstances. Severe shock to the nervous system. Loss of memory proceeds nearly always on the same lines. I suggested a specialist, of course. There's a very good man in Paris--makes a study of these cases--but Mrs. Vandemeyer opposed the idea of publicity that might result from such a course." "I can imagine she would," said Sir James grimly. "I fell in with her views. There is a certain notoriety given to these cases. And the girl was very young--nineteen, I believe. It seemed a pity that her infirmity should be talked about--might damage her prospects. Besides, there is no special treatment to pursue in such cases. It is really a matter of waiting." "Waiting?" "Yes, sooner or later, the memory will return--as suddenly as it went. But in all probability the girl will have entirely forgotten the intervening period, and will take up life where she left off--at the sinking of the _Lusitania_." "And when do you expect this to happen?" The doctor shrugged his shoulders. "Ah, that I cannot say. Sometimes it is a matter of months, sometimes it has been known to be as long as twenty years! Sometimes another shock does the trick. One restores what the other took away." "Another shock, eh?" said Julius thoughtfully. "Exactly. There was a case in Colorado----" The little man's voice trailed on, voluble, mildly enthusiastic. Julius did not seem to be listening. He had relapsed into his own thoughts and was frowning. Suddenly he came out of his brown study, and hit the table such a resounding bang with his fist that every one jumped, the doctor most of all. "I've got it! I guess, doc, I'd like your medical opinion on the plan I'm about to outline. Say Jane was to cross the herring pond again, and the same thing was to happen. The submarine, the sinking ship, every one to take to the boats--and so on. Wouldn't that do the trick? Wouldn't it give a mighty big bump to her subconscious self, or whatever the jargon is, and start it functioning again right away?" "A very interesting speculation, Mr. Hersheimmer. In my own opinion, it would be successful. It is unfortunate that there is no chance of the conditions repeating themselves as you suggest." "Not by nature, perhaps, doc. But I'm talking about art." "Art?" "Why, yes. What's the difficulty? Hire a liner----" "A liner!" murmured Dr. Hall faintly. "Hire some passengers, hire a submarine--that's the only difficulty, I guess. Governments are apt to be a bit hide-bound over their engines of war. They won't sell to the first-comer. Still, I guess that can be got over. Ever heard of the word ‘graft,' sir? Well, graft gets there every time! I reckon that we shan't really need to fire a torpedo. If every one hustles round and screams loud enough that the ship is sinking, it ought to be enough for an innocent young girl like Jane. By the time she's got a life-belt on her, and is being hustled into a boat, with a well-drilled lot of artistes doing the hysterical stunt on deck, why--she ought to be right back where she was in May, 1915. How's that for the bare outline?" Dr. Hall looked at Julius. Everything that he was for the moment incapable of saying was eloquent in that look. "No," said Julius, in answer to it, "I'm not crazy. The thing's perfectly possible. It's done every day in the States for the movies. Haven't you seen trains in collision on the screen? What's the difference between buying up a train and buying up a liner? Get the properties and you can go right ahead!" Dr. Hall found his voice. "But the expense, my dear sir." His voice rose. "The expense! It will be _colossal!_" "Money doesn't worry me any," explained Julius simply. Dr. Hall turned an appealing face to Sir James, who smiled slightly. "Mr. Hersheimmer is very well off--very well off indeed." The doctor's glance came back to Julius with a new and subtle quality in it. This was no longer an eccentric young fellow with a habit of falling off trees. The doctor's eyes held the deference accorded to a really rich man. "Very remarkable plan. Very remarkable," he murmured. "The movies--of course! Your American word for the kinema. Very interesting. I fear we are perhaps a little behind the times over here in our methods. And you really mean to carry out this remarkable plan of yours." "You bet your bottom dollar I do." The doctor believed him--which was a tribute to his nationality. If an Englishman had suggested such a thing, he would have had grave doubts as to his sanity. "I cannot guarantee a cure," he pointed out. "Perhaps I ought to make that quite clear." "Sure, that's all right," said Julius. "You just trot out Jane, and leave the rest to me." "Jane?" "Miss Janet Vandemeyer, then. Can we get on the long distance to your place right away, and ask them to send her up; or shall I run down and fetch her in my car?" The doctor stared. "I beg your pardon, Mr. Hersheimmer. I thought you understood." "Understood what?" "That Miss Vandemeyer is no longer under my care." JULIUS sprang up. "What?" "I thought you were aware of that." "When did she leave?" "Let me see. To-day is Monday, is it not? It must have been last Wednesday--why, surely--yes, it was the same evening that you--er--fell out of my tree." "That evening? Before, or after?" "Let me see--oh yes, afterwards. A very urgent message arrived from Mrs. Vandemeyer. The young lady and the nurse who was in charge of her left by the night train." Julius sank back again into his chair. "Nurse Edith--left with a patient--I remember," he muttered. "My God, to have been so near!" Dr. Hall looked bewildered. "I don't understand. Is the young lady not with her aunt, after all?" Tuppence shook her head. She was about to speak when a warning glance from Sir James made her hold her tongue. The lawyer rose. "I'm much obliged to you, Hall. We're very grateful for all you've told us. I'm afraid we're now in the position of having to track Miss Vandemeyer anew. What about the nurse who accompanied her; I suppose you don't know where she is?" The doctor shook his head. "We've not heard from her, as it happens. I understood she was to remain with Miss Vandemeyer for a while. But what can have happened? Surely the girl has not been kidnapped." "That remains to be seen," said Sir James gravely. The other hesitated. "You do not think I ought to go to the police?" "No, no. In all probability the young lady is with other relations." The doctor was not completely satisfied, but he saw that Sir James was determined to say no more, and realized that to try and extract more information from the famous K.C. would be mere waste of labour. Accordingly, he wished them goodbye, and they left the hotel. For a few minutes they stood by the car talking. "How maddening," cried Tuppence. "To think that Julius must have been actually under the same roof with her for a few hours." "I was a darned idiot," muttered Julius gloomily. "You couldn't know," Tuppence consoled him. "Could he?" She appealed to Sir James. "I should advise you not to worry," said the latter kindly. "No use crying over spilt milk, you know." "The great thing is what to do next," added Tuppence the practical. Sir James shrugged his shoulders. "You might advertise for the nurse who accompanied the girl. That is the only course I can suggest, and I must confess I do not hope for much result. Otherwise there is nothing to be done." "Nothing?" said Tuppence blankly. "And--Tommy?" "We must hope for the best," said Sir James. "Oh yes, we must go on hoping." But over her downcast head his eyes met Julius's, and almost imperceptibly he shook his head. Julius understood. The lawyer considered the case hopeless. The young American's face grew grave. Sir James took Tuppence's hand. "You must let me know if anything further comes to light. Letters will always be forwarded." Tuppence stared at him blankly. "You are going away?" "I told you. Don't you remember? To Scotland." "Yes, but I thought----" The girl hesitated. Sir James shrugged his shoulders. "My dear young lady, I can do nothing more, I fear. Our clues have all ended in thin air. You can take my word for it that there is nothing more to be done. If anything should arise, I shall be glad to advise you in any way I can." His words gave Tuppence an extraordinarily desolate feeling. "I suppose you're right," she said. "Anyway, thank you very much for trying to help us. Good-bye." Julius was bending over the car. A momentary pity came into Sir James's keen eyes, as he gazed into the girl's downcast face. "Don't be too disconsolate, Miss Tuppence," he said in a low voice. "Remember, holiday-time isn't always all playtime. One sometimes manages to put in some work as well." Something in his tone made Tuppence glance up sharply. He shook his head with a smile. "No, I shan't say any more. Great mistake to say too much. Remember that. Never tell all you know--not even to the person you know best. Understand? Good-bye." He strode away. Tuppence stared after him. She was beginning to understand Sir James's methods. Once before he had thrown her a hint in the same careless fashion. Was this a hint? What exactly lay behind those last brief words? Did he mean that, after all, he had not abandoned the case; that, secretly, he would be working on it still while---- Her meditations were interrupted by Julius, who adjured her to "get right in." "You're looking kind of thoughtful," he remarked as they started off. "Did the old guy say anything more?" Tuppence opened her mouth impulsively, and then shut it again. Sir James's words sounded in her ears: "Never tell all you know--not even to the person you know best." And like a flash there came into her mind another memory. Julius before the safe in the flat, her own question and the pause before his reply, "Nothing." Was there really nothing? Or had he found something he wished to keep to himself? If he could make a reservation, so could she. "Nothing particular," she replied. She felt rather than saw Julius throw a sideways glance at her. "Say, shall we go for a spin in the park?" "If you like." For a while they ran on under the trees in silence. It was a beautiful day. The keen rush through the air brought a new exhilaration to Tuppence. "Say, Miss Tuppence, do you think I'm ever going to find Jane?" Julius spoke in a discouraged voice. The mood was so alien to him that Tuppence turned and stared at him in surprise. He nodded. "That's so. I'm getting down and out over the business. Sir James to-day hadn't got any hope at all, I could see that. I don't like him--we don't gee together somehow--but he's pretty cute, and I guess he wouldn't quit if there was any chance of success--now, would he?" Tuppence felt rather uncomfortable, but clinging to her belief that Julius also had withheld something from her, she remained firm. "He suggested advertising for the nurse," she reminded him. "Yes, with a ‘forlorn hope' flavour to his voice! No--I'm about fed up. I've half a mind to go back to the States right away." "Oh no!" cried Tuppence. "We've got to find Tommy." "I sure forgot Beresford," said Julius contritely. "That's so. We must find him. But after--well, I've been day-dreaming ever since I started on this trip--and these dreams are rotten poor business. I'm quit of them. Say, Miss Tuppence, there's something I'd like to ask you." "Yes?" "You and Beresford. What about it?" "I don't understand you," replied Tuppence with dignity, adding rather inconsequently: "And, anyway, you're wrong!" "Not got a sort of kindly feeling for one another?" "Certainly not," said Tuppence with warmth. "Tommy and I are friends--nothing more." "I guess every pair of lovers has said that sometime or another," observed Julius. "Nonsense!" snapped Tuppence. "Do I look the sort of girl that's always falling in love with every man she meets?" "You do not. You look the sort of girl that's mighty often getting fallen in love with!" "Oh!" said Tuppence, rather taken aback. "That's a compliment, I suppose?" "Sure. Now let's get down to this. Supposing we never find Beresford and--and----" "All right--say it! I can face facts. Supposing he's--dead! Well?" "And all this business fiddles out. What are you going to do?" "I don't know," said Tuppence forlornly. "You'll be darned lonesome, you poor kid." "I shall be all right," snapped Tuppence with her usual resentment of any kind of pity. "What about marriage?" inquired Julius. "Got any views on the subject?" "I intend to marry, of course," replied Tuppence. "That is, if"--she paused, knew a momentary longing to draw back, and then stuck to her guns bravely--"I can find some one rich enough to make it worth my while. That's frank, isn't it? I dare say you despise me for it." "I never despise business instinct," said Julius. "What particular figure have you in mind?" "Figure?" asked Tuppence, puzzled. "Do you mean tall or short?" "No. Sum--income." "Oh, I--I haven't quite worked that out." "What about me?" _"You? "_ "Sure thing." "Oh, I couldn't!" "Why not?" "I tell you I couldn't." "Again, why not?" "It would seem so unfair." "I don't see anything unfair about it. I call your bluff, that's all. I admire you immensely, Miss Tuppence, more than any girl I've ever met. You're so darned plucky. I'd just love to give you a real, rattling good time. Say the word, and we'll run round right away to some high-class jeweller, and fix up the ring business." "I can't," gasped Tuppence. "Because of Beresford?" "No, no, _no!_" "Well then?" Tuppence merely continued to shake her head violently. "You can't reasonably expect more dollars than I've got." "Oh, it isn't that," gasped Tuppence with an almost hysterical laugh. "But thanking you very much, and all that, I think I'd better say no." "I'd be obliged if you'd do me the favour to think it over until to-morrow." "It's no use." "Still, I guess we'll leave it like that." "Very well," said Tuppence meekly. Neither of them spoke again until they reached the _Ritz_. Tuppence went upstairs to her room. She felt morally battered to the ground after her conflict with Julius's vigorous personality. Sitting down in front of the glass, she stared at her own reflection for some minutes. "Fool," murmured Tuppence at length, making a grimace. "Little fool. Everything you want--everything you've ever hoped for, and you go and bleat out ‘no' like an idiotic little sheep. It's your one chance. Why don't you take it? Grab it? Snatch at it? What more do you want?" As if in answer to her own question, her eyes fell on a small snapshot of Tommy that stood on her dressing-table in a shabby frame. For a moment she struggled for self-control, and then abandoning all presence, she held it to her lips and burst into a fit of sobbing. "Oh, Tommy, Tommy," she cried, "I do love you so--and I may never see you again...." At the end of five minutes Tuppence He gave her an emphatic little nod. "Quite right, Miss Tuppence. You scent danger. So do I. So does Miss Finn." "Yes," admitted Jane. "It's absurd--but I can't help it." Sir James nodded again. "You feel--as we all feel-- _the presence of Mr. Bown_. Yes"--as Tuppence made a movement--"not a doubt of it-- _Mr. Brown is here_...." "In this house?" "In this room.... You don't understand? _I am Mr. Brown_...." Stupefied, unbelieving, they stared at him. The very lines of his face had changed. It was a different man who stood before them. He smiled a slow cruel smile. "Neither of you will leave this room alive! You said just now we had succeeded. _I_ have succeeded! The draft treaty is mine." His smile grew wider as he looked at Tuppence. "Shall I tell you how it will be? Sooner or later the police will break in, and they will find three victims of Mr. Brown--three, not two, you understand, but fortunately the third will not be dead, only wounded, and will be able to describe the attack with a wealth of detail! The treaty? It is in the hands of Mr. Brown. So no one will think of searching the pockets of Sir James Peel Edgerton!" He turned to Jane. "You outwitted me. I make my acknowledgments. But you will not do it again." There was a faint sound behind him, but, intoxicated with success, he did not turn his head. He slipped his hand into his pocket. "Checkmate to the Young Adventurers," he said, and slowly raised the big automatic. But, even as he did so, he felt himself seized from behind in a grip of iron. The revolver was wrenched from his hand, and the voice of Julius Hersheimmer said drawlingly: "I guess you're caught redhanded with the goods upon you." The blood rushed to the K.C. 's face, but his self-control was marvellous, as he looked from one to the other of his two captors. He looked longest at Tommy. "You," he said beneath his breath. "_You!_ I might have known." Seeing that he was disposed to offer no resistance, their grip slackened. Quick as a flash his left hand, the hand which bore the big signet ring, was raised to his lips.... "‘_Ave, Cæsar! te morituri salutant_,'" he said, still looking at Tommy. Then his face changed, and with a long convulsive shudder he fell forward in a crumpled heap, whilst an odour of bitter almonds filled the air. THE supper party given by Mr. Julius Hersheimmer to a few friends on the evening of the 30th will long be remembered in catering circles. It took place in a private room, and Mr. Hersheimmer's orders were brief and forcible. He gave carte blanche--and when a millionaire gives carte blanche he usually gets it! Every delicacy out of season was duly provided. Waiters carried bottles of ancient and royal vintage with loving care. The floral decorations defied the seasons, and fruits of the earth as far apart as May and November found themselves miraculously side by side. The list of guests was small and select. The American Ambassador, Mr. Carter, who had taken the liberty, he said, of bringing an old friend, Sir William Beresford, with him, Archdeacon Cowley, Dr. Hall, those two youthful adventurers, Miss Prudence Cowley and Mr. Thomas Beresford, and last, but not least, as guest of honour, Miss Jane Finn. Julius had spared no pains to make Jane's appearance a success. A mysterious knock had brought Tuppence to the door of the apartment she was sharing with the American girl. It was Julius. In his hand he held a cheque. "Say, Tuppence," he began, "will you do me a good turn? Take this, and get Jane regularly togged up for this evening. You're all coming to supper with me at the _Savoy_. See? Spare no expense. You get me?" "Sure thing," mimicked Tuppence. "We shall enjoy ourselves. It will be a pleasure dressing Jane. She's the loveliest thing I've ever seen." "That's so," agreed Mr. Hersheimmer fervently. His fervour brought a momentary twinkle to Tuppence's eye. "By the way, Julius," she remarked demurely, "I--haven't given you my answer yet." "Answer?" said Julius. His face paled. "You know--when you asked me to--marry you," faltered Tuppence, her eyes downcast in the true manner of the early Victorian heroine, "and wouldn't take no for an answer. I've thought it well over----" "Yes?" said Julius. The perspiration stood on his forehead. Tuppence relented suddenly. "You great idiot!" she said. "What on earth induced you to do it? I could see at the time you didn't care a twopenny dip for me!" "Not at all. I had--and still have--the highest sentiments of esteem and respect--and admiration for you----" "H'm!" said Tuppence. "Those are the kind of sentiments that very soon go to the wall when the other sentiment comes along! Don't they, old thing?" "I don't know what you mean," said Julius stiffly, but a large and burning blush overspread his countenance. "Shucks!" retorted Tuppence. She laughed, and closed the door, reopening it to add with dignity: "Morally, I shall always consider I have been jilted!" "What was it?" asked Jane as Tuppence rejoined her. "Julius." "What did he want?" "Really, I think, he wanted to see you, but I wasn't going to let him. Not until to-night, when you're going to burst upon every one like King Solomon in his glory! Come on! _We're going to shop!_" To most people the 29th, the much-heralded "Labour Day," had passed much as any other day. Speeches were made in the Park and Trafalgar Square. Straggling processions, singing the _Red Flag_, wandered through the streets in a more or less aimless manner. Newspapers which had hinted at a general strike, and the inauguration of a reign of terror, were forced to hide their diminished heads. The bolder and more astute among them sought to prove that peace had been effected by following their counsels. In the Sunday papers a brief notice of the sudden death of Sir James Peel Edgerton, the famous K.C., had appeared. Monday's paper dealt appreciatively with the dead man's career. The exact manner of his sudden death was never made public. Tommy had been right in his forecast of the situation. It had been a one-man show. Deprived of their chief, the organization fell to pieces. Kramenin had made a precipitate return to Russia, leaving England early on Sunday morning. The gang had fled from Astley Priors in a panic, leaving behind, in their haste, various damaging documents which compromised them hopelessly. With these proofs of conspiracy in their hands, aided further by a small brown diary taken from the pocket of the dead man which had contained a full and damning résumé of the whole plot, the Government had called an eleventh-hour conference. The Labour leaders were forced to recognize that they had been used as a cat's paw. Certain concessions were made by the Government, and were eagerly accepted. It was to be Peace, not War! But the Cabinet knew by how narrow a margin they had escaped utter disaster. And burnt in on Mr. Carter's brain was the strange scene which had taken place in the house in Soho the night before. He had entered the squalid room to find that great man, the friend of a lifetime, dead--betrayed out of his own mouth. From the dead man's pocket-book he had retrieved the ill-omened draft treaty, and then and there, in the presence of the other three, it had been reduced to ashes.... England was saved! And now, on the evening of the 30th, in a private room at the _Savoy_, Mr. Julius P. Hersheimmer was receiving his guests. Mr. Carter was the first to arrive. With him was a choleric-looking old gentleman, at sight of whom Tommy flushed up to the roots of his hair. He came forward. "Ha!" said the old gentleman, surveying him apoplectically. "So you're my nephew, are you? Not much to look at--but you've done good work, it seems. Your mother must have brought you up well after all. Shall we let bygones be bygones, eh? You're my heir, you know; and in future I propose to make you an allowance--and you can look upon Chalmers Park as your home." "Thank you, sir, it's awfully decent of you." "Where's this young lady I've been hearing such a lot about?" Tommy introduced Tuppence. "Ha!" said Sir William, eyeing her. "Girls aren't what they used to be in my young days." "Yes, they are," said Tuppence. "Their clothes are different, perhaps, but they themselves are just the same." "Well, perhaps you're right. Minxes then--minxes now!" "That's it," said Tuppence. "I'm a frightful minx myself." "I believe you," said the old gentleman, chuckling, and pinched her ear in high good-humour. Most young women were terrified of the "old bear," as they termed him. Tuppence's pertness delighted the old misogynist. Then came the timid archdeacon, a little bewildered by the company in which he found himself, glad that his daughter was considered to have distinguished herself, but unable to help glancing at her from time to time with nervous apprehension. But Tuppence behaved admirably. She forbore to cross her legs, set a guard upon her tongue, and steadfastly refused to smoke. Dr. Hall came next, and he was followed by the American Ambassador. "We might as well sit down," said Julius, when he had introduced all his guests to each other. "Tuppence, will you----" He indicated the place of honour with a wave of his hand. But Tuppence shook her head. "No--that's Jane's place! When one thinks of how she's held out all these years, she ought to be made the queen of the feast to-night." Julius flung her a grateful glance, and Jane came forward shyly to the allotted seat. Beautiful as she had seemed before, it was as nothing to the loveliness that now went fully adorned. Tuppence had performed her part faithfully. The model gown supplied by a famous dressmaker had been entitled "A tiger lily." It was all golds and reds and browns, and out of it rose the pure column of the girl's white throat, and the bronze masses of hair that crowned her lovely head. There was admiration in every eye, as she took her seat. Soon the supper party was in full swing, and with one accord Tommy was called upon for a full and complete explanation. "You've been too darned close about the whole business," Julius accused him. "You let on to me that you were off to the Argentine--though I guess you had your reasons for that. The idea of both you and Tuppence casting me for the part of Mr. Brown just tickles me to death!" "The idea was not original to them," said Mr. Carter gravely. "It was suggested, and the poison very carefully instilled, by a past-master in the art. The paragraph in the New York paper suggested the plan to him, and by means of it he wove a web that nearly enmeshed you fatally." "I never liked him," said Julius. "I felt from the first that there was something wrong about him, and I always suspected that it was he who silenced Mrs. Vandemeyer so appositely. But it wasn't till I heard that the order for Tommy's execution came right on the heels of our interview with him that Sunday that I began to tumble to the fact that he was the big bug himself." "I never suspected it at all," lamented Tuppence. "I've always thought I was so much cleverer than Tommy--but he's undoubtedly scored over me handsomely." Julius agreed. "Tommy's been the goods this trip! And, instead of sitting there as dumb as a fish, let him banish his blushes, and tell us all about it." "Hear! hear!" "There's nothing to tell," said Tommy, acutely uncomfortable. "I was an awful mug--right up to the time I found that photograph of Annette, and realized that she was Jane Finn. Then I remembered how persistently she had shouted out that word ‘Marguerite'--and I thought of the pictures, and--well, that's that. Then of course I went over the whole thing to see where I'd made an ass of myself." "Go on," said Mr. Carter, as Tommy showed signs of taking refuge in silence once more. "That business about Mrs. Vandemeyer had worried me when Julius told me about it. On the face of it, it seemed that he or Sir James must have done the trick. But I didn't know which. Finding that photograph in the drawer, after that story of how it had been got from him by Inspector Brown, made me suspect Julius. Then I remembered that it was Sir James who had discovered the false Jane Finn. In the end, I couldn't make up my mind--and just decided to take no chances either way. I left a note for Julius, in case he was Mr. Brown, saying I was off to the Argentine, and I dropped Sir James's letter with the offer of the job by the desk so that he would see it was a genuine stunt. Then I wrote my letter to Mr. Carter and rang up Sir James. Taking him into my confidence would be the best thing either way, so I told him everything except where I believed the papers to be hidden. The way he helped me to get on the track of Tuppence and Annette almost disarmed me, but not quite. I kept my mind open between the two of them. And then I got a bogus note from Tuppence--and I knew!" "But how?" Tommy took the note in question from his pocket and passed it round the table. "It's her handwriting all right, but I knew it wasn't from her because of the signature. She'd never spell her name ‘Twopence,' but anyone who'd never seen it written might quite easily do so. Julius _had_ seen it--he showed me a note of hers to him once--but _Sir James hadn't!_ After that everything was plain sailing. I sent off Albert post-haste to Mr. Carter. I pretended to go away, but doubled back again. When Julius came bursting up in his car, I felt it wasn't part of Mr. Brown's plan--and that there would probably be trouble. Unless Sir James was actually caught in the act, so to speak, I knew Mr. Carter would never believe it of him on my bare word----" "I didn't," interposed Mr. Carter ruefully. "That's why I sent the girls off to Sir James. I was sure they'd fetch up at the house in Soho sooner or later. I threatened Julius with the revolver, because I wanted Tuppence to repeat that to Sir James, so that he wouldn't worry about us. The moment the girls were out of sight I told Julius to drive like hell for London, and as we went along I told him the whole story. We got to the Soho house in plenty of time and met Mr. Carter outside. After arranging things with him we went in and hid behind the curtain in the recess. The policemen had orders to say, if they were asked, that no one had gone into the house. That's all." And Tommy came to an abrupt halt. There was silence for a moment. "By the way," said Julius suddenly, "you're all wrong about that photograph of Jane. It _was_ taken from me, but I found it again." "Where?" cried Tuppence. "In that little safe on the wall in Mrs. Vandemeyer's bedroom." "I knew you found something," said Tuppence reproachfully. "To tell you the truth, that's what started me off suspecting you. Why didn't you say?" "I guess I was a mite suspicious too. It had been got away from me once, and I determined I wouldn't let on I'd got it until a photographer had made a dozen copies of it!" "We all kept back something or other," said Tuppence thoughtfully. "I suppose secret service work makes you like that!" In the pause that ensued, Mr. Carter took from his pocket a small shabby brown book. "Beresford has just said that I would not have believed Sir James Peel Edgerton to be guilty unless, so to speak, he was caught in the act. That is so. Indeed, not until I read the entries in this little book could I bring myself fully to credit the amazing truth. This book will pass into the possession of Scotland Yard, but it will never be publicly exhibited. Sir James's long association with the law would make it undesirable. But to you, who know the truth, I propose to read certain passages which will throw some light on the extraordinary mentality of this great man." He opened the book, and turned the thin pages. "... It is madness to keep this book. I know that. It is documentary evidence against me. But I have never shrunk from taking risks. And I feel an urgent need for self-expression.... The book will only be taken from my dead body.... "... From an early age I realized that I had exceptional abilities. Only a fool underestimates his capabilities. My brain power was greatly above the average. I know that I was born to succeed. My appearance was the only thing against me. I was quiet and insignificant--utterly nondescript.... "... When I was a boy I heard a famous murder trial. I was deeply impressed by the power and eloquence of the counsel for the defence. For the first time I entertained the idea of taking my talents to that particular market.... Then I studied the criminal in the dock.... The man was a fool--he had been incredibly, unbelievably stupid. Even the eloquence of his counsel was hardly likely to save him. I felt an immeasurable contempt for him.... Then it occurred to me that the criminal standard was a low one. It was the wastrels, the failures, the general riff-raff of civilization who drifted into crime.... Strange that men of brains had never realized its extraordinary opportunities.... I played with the idea.... What a magnificent field--what unlimited possibilities! It made my brain reel.... "... I read standard works on crime and criminals. They all confirmed my opinion. Degeneracy, disease--never the deliberate embracing of a career by a far-seeing man. Then I considered. Supposing my utmost ambitions were realized--that I was called to the bar, and rose to the height of my profession? That I entered politics--say, even, that I became Prime Minister of England? What then? Was that power? Hampered at every turn by my colleagues, fettered by the democratic system of which I should be the mere figurehead! No--the power I dreamed of was absolute! An autocrat! A dictator! And such power could only be obtained by working outside the law. To play on the weaknesses of human nature, then on the weaknesses of nations--to get together and control a vast organization, and finally to overthrow the existing order, and rule! The thought intoxicated me.... "... I saw that I must lead two lives. A man like myself is bound to attract notice. I must have a successful career which would mask my true activities.... Also I must cultivate a personality. I modelled myself upon famous K.C.'s. I reproduced their mannerisms, their magnetism. If I had chosen to be an actor, I should have been the greatest actor living! No disguises--no grease paint--no false beards! Personality! I put it on like a glove! When I shed it, I was myself, quiet, unobtrusive, a man like every other man. I called myself Mr. Brown. There are hundreds of men called Brown--there are hundreds of men looking just like me.... "... I succeeded in my false career. I was bound to succeed. I shall succeed in the other. A man like me cannot fail.... "... I have been reading a life of Napoleon. He and I have much in common.... "... I make a practice of defending criminals. A man should look after his own people.... "... Once or twice I have felt afraid. The first time was in Italy. There was a dinner given. Professor D----, the great alienist, was present. The talk fell on insanity. He said, ‘A great many men are mad, and no one knows it. They do not know it themselves.' I do not understand why he looked at me when he said that. His glance was strange.... I did not like it.... "... The war has disturbed me.... I thought it would further my plans. The Germans are so efficient. Their spy system, too, was excellent. The streets are full of these boys in khaki. All empty-headed young fools.... Yet I do not know.... They won the war.... It disturbs me.... "... My plans are going well.... A girl butted in--I do not think she really knew anything.... But we must give up the Esthonia.... No risks now.... ".... All goes well. The loss of memory is vexing. "Still more romantic! The first _rencontre___ in the train from Paris, the second here. Journeys end in lovers' meetings, is not that the saying?" "Don't be an ass, Poirot." "Yesterday it was Mademoiselle Daubreuil, today it is Mademoiselle—Cinderella! Decidedly you have the heart of a Turk, Hastings! You should establish a harem!" "It's all very well to rag me. Mademoiselle Daubreuil is a very beautiful girl, and I do admire her immensely—I don't mind admitting it. The other's nothing—don't suppose I shall ever see her again. She was quite amusing to talk to just for a railway journey, but she's not the kind of girl I should ever get keen on." "Why?" "Well—it sounds snobbish perhaps—but she's not a lady, not in any sense of the word." Poirot nodded thoughtfully. There was less raillery in his voice as he asked: "You believe, then, in birth and breeding?" "I may be old-fashioned, but I certainly don't believe in marrying out of one's class. It never answers." "I agree with you, _mon ami___. Ninety-nine times out of a hundred, it is as you say. But there is always the hundredth time! Still, that does not arise, as you do not propose to see the lady again." His last words were almost a question, and I was aware of the sharpness with which he darted a glance at me. And before my eyes, writ large in letters of fire, I saw the words "Hôtel du Phare," and I heard again her voice saying "Come and look me up" and my own answering with _empressement___: "I will." Well, what of it? I had meant to go at the time. But since then, I had had time to reflect. I did not like the girl. Thinking it over in cold blood, I came definitely to the conclusion that I disliked her intensely. I had got hauled over the coals for foolishly gratifying her morbid curiosity, and I had not the least wish to see her again. I answered Poirot lightly enough. "She asked me to look her up, but of course I shan't." "Why ‘of course'?" "Well—I don't want to." "I see." He studied me attentively for some minutes. "Yes. I see very well. And you are wise. Stick to what you have said." "That seems to be your invariable advice," I remarked, rather piqued. "Ah, my friend, have faith in Papa Poirot. Some day, if you permit, I will arrange you a marriage of great suitability." "Thank you," I said laughing, "but the prospect leaves me cold." Poirot sighed and shook his head. "_Les Anglais!___" he murmured. "No method—absolutely none whatever. They leave all to chance!" He frowned, and altered the position of the salt cellar. "Mademoiselle Cinderella is staying at the Hôtel d'Angleterre you told me, did you not?" "No. Hôtel du Phare." "True, I forgot." A moment's misgiving shot across my mind. Surely I had never mentioned any hotel to Poirot. I looked across at him, and felt reassured. He was cutting his bread into neat little squares, completely absorbed in his task. He must have fancied I had told him where the girl was staying. We had coffee outside facing the sea. Poirot smoked one of his tiny cigarettes, and then drew his watch from his pocket. "The train to Paris leaves at 2:25," he observed. "I should be starting." "Paris?" I cried. "That is what I said, _mon ami___." "You are going to Paris? But why?" He replied very seriously. "To look for the murderer of M. Renauld." "You think he is in Paris?" "I am quite certain that he is not. Nevertheless, it is there that I must look for him. You do not understand, but I will explain it all to you in good time. Believe me, this journey to Paris is necessary. I shall not be away long. In all probability I shall return tomorrow. I do not propose that you should accompany me. Remain here and keep an eye on Giraud. Also cultivate the society of M. Renauld _fils___. And thirdly, if you wish, endeavour to cut him out with Mademoiselle Marthe. But I fear you will not have great success." I did not quite relish the last remark. "That reminds me," I said. "I meant to ask you how you knew about those two?" "_Mon ami___—I know human nature. Throw together a boy young Renauld and a beautiful girl like Mademoiselle Marthe, and the result is almost inevitable. Then, the quarrel! It was money or a woman and, remembering Léonie's description of the lad's anger, I decided on the latter. So I made my guess—and I was right." "And that was why you warned me against setting my heart on the lady? You already suspected that she loved young Renauld?" Poirot smiled. "At any rate—_I saw that she had anxious eyes.___ That is how always think of Mademoiselle Daubreuil _as the girl with the anxious eyes. ...___" His voice was so grave that it impressed me uncomfortably. "What do you mean by that, Poirot?" "I fancy, my friend, that we shall see before very long. But I must start." "You've oceans of time." "Perhaps—perhaps. But I like plenty of leisure at the station. I do not wish to rush, to hurry, to excite myself." "At all events," I said, rising, "I will come and see you off." "You will do nothing of the sort. I forbid it." He was so peremptory that I stared at him in surprise. He nodded emphatically. "I mean it, _mon ami___. Au revoir! You permit that I embrace you? Ah, no, I forget that it is not the English custom. Une poignee de main, alors." I felt rather at a loose end after Poirot had left me. I strolled down the beach, and watched the bathers, without feeling energetic enough to join them. I rather fancied that Cinderella might be disporting herself amongst them in some wonderful costume, but I saw no signs of her. I strolled aimlessly along the sands towards the further end of the town. It occurred to me that, after all, it would only be decent feeling on my part to inquire after the girl. And it would save trouble in the end. The matter would then be finished with. There would be no need for me to trouble about her any further. But, if I did not go at all, she might quite possibly come and look me up at the Villa. And that would be annoying in every way. Decidedly it would be better to pay a short call, in the course of which I could make it quite clear that I could do nothing further for her in my capacity of showman. Accordingly I left the beach, and walked inland. I soon found the Hôtel du Phare, a very unpretentious building. It was annoying in the extreme not to know the lady's name and, to save my dignity, I decided to stroll inside and look around. Probably I should find her in the lounge. Merlinville was a small place, you left your hotel to go to the beach, and you left the beach to return to the hotel. There were no other attractions. There was a Casino being built, but it was not yet completed. I had walked the length of the beach without seeing her, therefore she must be in the hotel. I went in. Several people were sitting in the tiny lounge, but my quarry was not amongst them. I looked into some other rooms, but there was no sign of her. I waited for some time, till my impatience got the better of me. I took the concierge aside, and slipped five francs into his hand. "I wish to see a lady who is staying here. A young English lady, small and dark. I am not sure of her name." The man shook his head, and seemed to be suppressing a grin. "There is no such lady as you describe staying here." "She is American possibly," I suggested. These fellows are so stupid. But the man continued to shake his head. "No, monsieur. There are only six or seven English and American ladies altogether, and they are all much older than the lady you are seeking. It is not here that you will find her, monsieur." He was so positive that I felt doubts. "But the lady told me she was staying here." "Monsieur must have made a mistake—or it is more likely the lady did, since there has been another gentleman here inquiring for her." "What is that you say?" I cried, surprised. "But yes, monsieur. A gentleman who described her just as you have done." "What was he like?" "He was a small gentleman, well dressed, very neat, very spotless, the moustache very stiff, the head of a peculiar shape, and the eyes green." Poirot! So that was why he refused to let me accompany him to the station. The impertinence of it! I would thank him not to meddle in my concerns. Did he fancy I needed a nurse to look after me? Thanking the man, I departed, somewhat at a loss, and still much incensed with my meddlesome friend. I regretted that he was, for the moment, out of reach. I should have enjoyed telling him what I thought of his unwarranted interference. Had I not distinctly told him that I had no intention of seeing the girl? Decidedly, one's friends can be too zealous! But where was the lady? I set aside my wrath, and tried to puzzle it out. Evidently, through inadvertence, she had named the wrong hotel. Then another thought struck me. Was it inadvertence? Or had she deliberately withheld her name and given me the wrong address? The more I thought about it, the more I felt convinced that this last surmise of mine was right. For some reason or other she did not wish to let the acquaintance ripen into friendship. And though half an hour earlier this had been precisely my own view, I did not enjoy having the tables turned upon me. The whole affair was profoundly unsatisfactory, and I went up to the Villa Geneviève in a condition of distinct ill humour. I did not go to the house, but went up the path to the little bench by the shed, and sat there moodily enough. I was distracted from my thoughts by the sound of voices close at hand. In a second or two I realized that they came, not from the garden I was in, but from the adjoining garden of the Villa Marguerite, and that they were approaching rapidly. A girl's voice was speaking, a voice that I recognized as that of the beautiful Marthe. "_Chéri___," she was saying, "is it really true? Are all our troubles over." "You know it, Marthe," Jack Renauld replied. "Nothing can part us now, beloved. The last obstacle to our union is removed. Nothing can take you from me." "Nothing?" the girl murmured. "Oh, Jack, Jack—I am afraid." I had moved to depart, realizing that I was quite unintentionally eavesdropping. As I rose to my feet, I caught sight of them through a gap in the hedge. They stood together facing me, the man's arm round the girl, his eyes looking into hers. They were a splendid looking couple, the dark, well-knit boy, and the fair young goddess. They seemed made for each other as they stood there, happy in spite of the terrible tragedy that overshadowed their young lives. But the girl's face was troubled, and Jack Renauld seemed to recognize it, as he held her closer to him and asked: "But what are you afraid of, darling? What is there to fear—now?" And then I saw the look in her eyes, the look Poirot had spoken of, as she murmured, so that I almost guessed at the words. "I am afraid—for _you___. ..." I did not hear young Renauld's answer, for my attention was distracted by an unusual appearance a little further down the hedge. There appeared to be a brown bush there, which seemed odd, to say the least of it, so early in the summer. I stepped along to investigate, but, at my advance, the brown bush withdrew itself precipitately, and faced me with a finger to its lips. It was Giraud. Enjoining caution, he led the way round the shed until we were out of ear-shot. "What were you doing there?" I asked. "Exactly what you were doing—listening." "But I was not there on purpose!" "Ah!" said Giraud. "I was." As always, I admired the man whilst disliking him. He looked me up and down with a sort of contemptuous disfavour. "You didn't help matters by butting in. I might have heard something useful in a minute. What have you done with your old fossil?" "M. Poirot has gone to Paris," I replied coldly. "And I can tell you, M. Giraud, that he is anything but an old fossil. He has solved many cases that have completely baffled the English police." "Bah! The English police!" Giraud snapped his fingers disdainfully. "They must be on a level with our examining magistrates. So he has gone to Paris, has he? Well, a good thing. The longer he stays there, the better. But what does he think he will find there?" I thought I read in the question a tinge of uneasiness. I drew myself up. "That I am not at liberty to say," I said quietly. Giraud subjected me to a piercing stare. "He has probably enough sense not to tell _you___," he remarked rudely. "Good afternoon. I'm busy." And with that, he turned on his heel, and left me without ceremony. Matters seemed at a standstill at the Villa Geneviève. Giraud evidently did not desire my company and, from what I had seen, it seemed fairly certain that Jack Renauld did not either. I went back to the town, had an enjoyable bath and returned to the hotel. I turned in early, wondering whether the following day would bring forth anything of interest. I was wholly unprepared for what it did bring forth. I was eating my petit déjeuner in the dining-room, when the waiter, who had been talking to some one outside, came back in obvious excitement. He hesitated for a minute, fidgeting with his napkin, and then burst out. "Monsieur will pardon me, but he is connected, is he not, with the affair at the Villa Geneviève?' "Yes," I said eagerly. "Why?" "Monsieur has not heard the news, though?" "What news?" "That there has been another murder there last night!" "_What?___" Leaving my breakfast, I caught up my hat and ran as fast as I could. Another murder—and Poirot away! What fatality. But who had been murdered? I dashed in at the gate. A group of the servants was in the drive, talking and gesticulating. I caught hold of Françoise. "What has happened?" "Oh, monsieur! monsieur! Another death! It is terrible. There is a curse upon the house. But yes, I say it, a curse! They should send for M. le curé to bring some holy water. Never will I sleep another night under that roof. It might be my turn, who knows?" She crossed herself. "Yes," I cried, "but who has been killed?" "Do I know—me? A man—a stranger. They found him up there—in the shed—not a hundred yards from where they found poor Monsieur. And that is not all. He is stabbed—stabbed to the heart _with the same dagger!___" Waiting for no more, I turned and ran up the path to the shed. The two men on guard there stood aside to let me pass and, filled with excitement, I entered. The light was dim, the place was a mere rough wooden erection to keep old pots and tools in. I had entered impetuously, but on the threshold I checked myself, fascinated by the spectacle before me. Giraud was on his hands and knees, a pocket torch in his hand with which he was examining every inch of the ground. He looked up with a frown at my entrance, then his face relaxed a little in a sort of good-humoured contempt. "Ah, _c'est l'Anglais!___ Enter then. Let us see what you can make of this affair." Rather stung by his tone, I stooped my head, and passed in. "There he is," said Giraud, flashing his torch to the far corner. I stepped across. The dead man lay straight upon his back. He was of medium height, swarthy of complexion, and possibly about fifty years of age. He was neatly dressed in a dark blue suit, well cut and probably made by an expensive tailor, but not new. His face was terribly convulsed, and on his left side, just over the heart, the hilt of a dagger stood up, black and shining. I recognized it. It was the same dagger I had seen reposing in the glass jar the preceding morning! "I'm expecting the doctor any minute," explained Giraud. "Although we hardly need him. There's no doubt what the man died of. He was stabbed to the heart, and death must have been pretty well instantaneous." "When was it done? Last night?" Giraud shook his head. "Hardly. I don't lay down the law on medical evidence, but the man's been dead well over twelve hours. When do you say you last saw that dagger?" "About ten o'clock yesterday morning." "Then I should be inclined to fix the crime as being done not long after that." "But people were passing and repassing this shed continually." Giraud laughed disagreeably. "You progress to a marvel! Who told you he was killed in this shed?" "Well I felt flustered. "I—I assumed it." "Oh, what a fine detective! Look at him, _mon petit___—does a man stabbed to the heart fall like that—neatly with his feet together, and his arms to his side? No. Again does a man lie down on his back and permit himself to be stabbed without raising a hand to defend himself? It is absurd, is it not? But see here—and here He flashed the torch along the ground. I saw curious irregular marks in the soft dirt. "He was dragged here after he was dead. Half dragged, half carried by two people. Their tracks do not show on the hard ground outside, and here they have been careful to obliterate them—but one of the two was a woman, my young friend." "A woman?" "Yes." "But if the tracks are obliterated, how do you know?" "Because, blurred as they are, the prints of the woman's shoe are unmistakable. Also, by _this___ And, leaning forward, he drew something from the handle of the dagger and held it up for me to see. It was a woman's long black hair—similar to the one Poirot had taken from the arm-chair in the library. With a slightly ironic smile he wound it round the dagger again. "We will leave things as they are as much as possible," he explained. "It pleases the examining magistrate. _Eh bien___, do you notice anything else?" I was forced to shake my head. "Look at his hands." I did. The nails were broken and discoloured, and the skin was hard. It hardly enlightened me as much as I should have liked it to have done. I looked up at Giraud. "They are not the hands of a gentleman," he said, answering my look. "On the contrary his clothes are those of a well-to-do man. That is curious, is it not?" "Very curious," I agreed. "And none of his clothing is marked. What do we learn from that? This man was trying to pass himself off as other than he was. He was masquerading. Why? Did he fear something? Was he trying to escape by disguising himself? As yet we do not know, but one thing we do know—he was as anxious to conceal his identity as we are to discover it." He looked down at the body again. "As before there are no finger-prints on the handle of the dagger. The murderer again wore gloves." "You think, then, that the murderer was the same in both cases?" I asked eagerly. Giraud became inscrutable. "Never mind what I think. We shall see. Marchaud!" The _sergent de ville___ appeared at the doorway. "Monsieur?" "Why is Madame Renauld not here? I sent for her a quarter of an hour ago?" "She is coming up the path now, monsieur, and her son with her." "Good. I only want one at a time, though." Marchaud saluted and disappeared again. A moment later he reappeared with Mrs. Renauld. "Here is Madame." Giraud came forward with a curt bow. "This way, madame." He led her across, and then, standing suddenly aside. "Here is the man. Do you know him?" And as he spoke, his eyes, gimlet-like, bored into her face, seeking to read her mind, noting every indication of her manner. But Mrs. Renauld remained perfectly calm—too Nadina shook her head. "No, no, that is not the way of it. Listen, my friend, to-morrow I go to London." "But your contract here?" "I shall be away only one night. And I go incognito, like Royalty. No one will ever know that I have left France. And why do you think that I go?" "Hardly for pleasure at this time of year. January, a detestable foggy month! It must be for profit, eh?" "Exactly." She rose and stood in front of him, every graceful line of her arrogant with pride. "You said just now that none of us had anything on the chief. You were wrong. I have. I, a woman, have had the wit and, yes, the courage—for it needs courage—to double-cross him. You remember the De Beer diamonds?" "Yes, I remember. At Kimberley, just before the war broke out? I had nothing to do with it, and I never heard the details, the case was hushed up for some reason, was it not? A fine haul too." "A hundred thousand pounds worth of stones. Two of us worked it—under the ‘Colonel's' orders, of course. And it was then that I saw my chance. You see, the plan was to substitute some of the De Beer diamonds for some sample diamonds brought from South America by two young prospectors who happened to be in Kimberley at the time. Suspicion was then bound to fall on them." "Very clever," interpolated the Count approvingly. "The ‘Colonel' is always clever. Well, I did my part—but I also did one thing which the ‘Colonel' had not foreseen. I kept back some of the South American stones—one or two are unique and could easily be proved never to have passed through De Beer's hands. With these diamonds in my possession, I have the whip-hand of my esteemed chief. Once the two young men are cleared, his part in the matter is bound to be suspected. I have said nothing all these years, I have been content to know that I had this weapon in reserve, but now matters are different. I want my price—and it will be a big, I might almost say a staggering price." "Extraordinary," said the Count. "And doubtless you carry these diamonds about with you everywhere?" His eyes roamed gently round the disordered room. Nadina laughed softly. "You need suppose nothing of the sort. I am not a fool. The diamonds are in a safe place where no one will dream of looking for them." "I never thought you a fool, my dear lady, but may I venture to suggest that you are somewhat foolhardy? The ‘Colonel' is not the type of man to take kindly to being blackmailed, you know." "I am not afraid of him," she laughed. "There is only one man I have ever feared—and he is dead." The man looked at her curiously. "Let us hope that he will not come to life again, then," he remarked lightly. "What do you mean?" cried the dancer sharply. The Count looked slightly surprised. "I only meant that a resurrection would be awkward for you," he explained. "A foolish joke." She gave a sigh of relief. "Oh, no, he is dead all right. Killed in the war. He was a man who once—loved me." "In South Africa?" asked the Count negligently. "Yes, since you ask it, in South Africa." "That is your native country, is it not?" She nodded. Her visitor rose and reached for his hat. "Well," he remarked, "you know your own business best, but, if I were you, I should fear the ‘Colonel' far more than any disillusioned lover. He is a man whom it is particularly easy to—underestimate." She laughed scornfully. "As if I did not know him after all these years!" "I wonder if you do?" he said softly. "I very much wonder if you do." "Oh, I am not a fool! And I am not alone in this. The South African mail-boat docks at Southampton to-morrow, and on board her is a man who has come specially from Africa at my request and who has carried out certain orders of mine. The ‘Colonel' will have not one of us to deal with, but two." "Is that wise?" "It is necessary." "You are sure of this man?" A rather peculiar smile played over the dancer's face. "I am quite sure of him. He is inefficient, but perfectly trustworthy." She paused, and then added in an indifferent tone of voice: "As a matter of fact, he happens to be my husband." Everybody has been at me, right and left, to write this story from the great (represented by Lord Nasby) to the small (represented by our late maid of all work, Emily, whom I saw when I was last in England. "Lor', miss, what a beyewtiful book you might make out of it all—just like the pictures!"). I'll admit that I've certain qualifications for the task. I was mixed up in the affair from the very beginning, I was in the thick of it all through, and I was triumphantly "in at the death." Very fortunately, too, the gaps that I cannot supply from my own knowledge are amply covered by Sir Eustace Pedler's diary, of which he has kindly begged me to make use. So here goes. Anne Beddingfeld starts to narrate her adventures. I'd always longed for adventures. You see, my life had such a dreadful sameness. My father, Professor Beddingfeld, was one of England's greatest living authorities on Primitive Man. He really was a genius—every one admits that. His mind dwelt in Palaeolithic times, and the inconvenience of life for him was that his body inhabited the modern world. Papa did not care for modern man—even Neolithic Man he despised as a mere herder of cattle, and he did not rise to enthusiasm until he reached the Mousterian period. Unfortunately one cannot entirely dispense with modern men. One is forced to have some kind of truck with butchers and bakers and milkmen and greengrocers. Therefore, Papa being immersed in the past, Mamma having died when I was a baby, it fell to me to undertake the practical side of living. Frankly, I hate Palaeolithic Man, be he Aurignacian, Mousterian, Chellian, or anything else, and though I typed and revised most of Papa's _Neanderthal Man and his Ancestors,_ Neanderthal men themselves fill me with loathing, and I always reflect what a fortunate circumstance it was that they became extinct in remote ages. I do not know whether Papa guessed my feelings on the subject, probably not, and in any case he would not have been interested. The opinion of other people never interested him in the slightest degree. I think it was really a sign of his greatness. In the same way, he lived quite detached from the necessities of daily life. He ate what was put before him in an exemplary fashion, but seemed mildly pained when the question of paying for it arose. We never seemed to have any money. His celebrity was not of the kind that brought in a cash return. Although he was a fellow of almost every important society, and had rows of letters after his name, the general public scarcely knew of his existence, and his long learned books, though adding signally to the sum-total of human knowledge, had no attraction for the masses. Only on one occasion did he leap into the public gaze. He had read a paper before some society on the subject of the young of the chimpanzee. The young of the human race show some anthropoid features, whereas the young of the chimpanzee approach more nearly to the human than the adult chimpanzee does. That seems to show that whereas our ancestors were more Simian than we are, the chimpanzee's were of a higher type than the present species—in other words, the chimpanzee is a degenerate. That enterprising newspaper, the _Daily Budget,_ being hard up for something spicy, immediately brought itself out with large headlines. "We are not descended from monkeys, but are monkeys descended from _us?_ Eminent Professor says chimpanzees are decadent humans." Shortly afterwards a reporter called to see Papa, and endeavoured to induce him to write a series of popular articles on the theory. I have seldom seen Papa so angry. He turned the reporter out of the house with scant ceremony, much to my secret sorrow, as we were particularly short of money at the moment. In fact, for a moment I meditated running after the young man and informing him that my father had changed his mind and would send the articles in question. I could easily have written them myself, and the probabilities were that Papa would never have learnt of the transaction, not being a reader of the _Daily Budget._ However, I rejected this course as being too risky, so I merely put on my best hat and went sadly down the village to interview our justly irate grocer. The reporter from the _Daily Budget_ was the only young man who ever came to our house. There were times when I envied Emily, our little servant, who "walked out" whenever occasion offered with a large sailor to whom she was affianced. In between times, to "keep her hand in" as she expressed it, she walked out with the greengrocer's young man, and the chemist's assistant. I reflected sadly that I had no one to "keep my hand in" with. All Papa's friends were aged Professors—usually with long beards. It is true that Professor Peterson once clasped me affectionately and said I had a "neat little waist" and then tried to kiss me. The phrase alone dated him hopelessly. No self-respecting female has had a "neat little waist" since I was in my cradle. I yearned for adventure, for love, for romance, and I seemed condemned to an existence of drab utility. The village possessed a lending library, full of tattered works of fiction, and I enjoyed perils and love-making at second hand, and went to sleep dreaming of stern, silent Rhodesians, and of strong men who always "felled their opponent with a single blow." There was no one in the village who even looked as though he could "fell" an opponent, with a single blow or with several. There was the Kinema too, with a weekly episode of "The Perils of Pamela." Pamela was a magnificent young woman. Nothing daunted her. She fell out of aeroplanes, adventured in submarines, climbed skyscrapers and crept about in the Underworld without turning a hair. She was not really clever, the Master Criminal of the Underworld caught her each time, but as he seemed loath to knock her on the head in a simple way, and always doomed her to death in a sewer-gas chamber or by some new and marvellous means, the hero was always able to rescue her at the beginning of the following week's episode. I used to come out with my head in a delirious whirl—and then I would get home and find a notice from the Gas Company threatening to cut us off if the outstanding account was not paid! And yet, though I did not suspect it, every moment was bringing adventure nearer to me. It is possible that there are many people in the world who have never heard of the finding of an antique skull at the Broken Hill Mine in Northern Rhodesia. I came down one morning to find Papa excited to the point of apoplexy. He poured out the whole story to me. "You understand, Anne? There are undoubtedly certain resemblances to the Java skull, but superficial—superficial only. No, here we have what I have always maintained—the ancestral form of the Neanderthal race. You grant that the Gibraltar skull is the most primitive of the Neanderthal skulls found? Why? The cradle of the race was in Africa. They passed to Europe— "Not marmalade on kippers, papa," I said hastily, arresting my parent's absent-minded hand. "Yes, you were saying?" "They passed to Europe on— Here he broke down with a bad fit of choking, the result of an immoderate mouthful of kipper-bones. "But we must start at once," he declared, as he rose to his feet at the conclusion of the meal. "There is no time to be lost. We must be on the spot—there are doubtless incalculable finds to be found in the neighbourhood. I shall be interested to note whether the implements are typical of the Mousterian period—there will be the remains of the primitive ox, I should say, but not those of the woolly rhinoceros. Yes, a little army will be starting soon. We must get ahead of them. You will write to Cook's to-day, Anne?" "What about money, papa?" I hinted delicately. He turned a reproachful eye upon me. "Your point of view always depresses me, my child. We must not be sordid. No, no, in the cause of science one must not be sordid." "I feel Cook's might be sordid, papa." Papa looked pained. "My dear Anne, you will pay them in ready money." "I haven't got any ready money." Papa looked thoroughly exasperated. "My child, I really cannot be bothered with these vulgar money details. The bank—I had something from the Manager yesterday, saying I had twenty-seven pounds." "That's your overdraft, I fancy." "Ah, I have it! Write to my publishers." I acquiesced doubtfully, Papa's books bringing in more glory than money. I liked the idea of going to Rhodesia immensely. "Stern silent men," I murmured to myself in an ecstasy. Then something in my parent's appearance struck me as unusual. "You have odd boots on, papa," I said. "Take off the brown one and put on the other black one. And don't forget your muffler. It's a very cold day." In a few minutes Papa stalked off, correctly booted and well mufflered. He returned late that evening, and, to my dismay, I saw his muffler and overcoat were missing. "Dear me, Anne, you are quite right. I took them off to go into the cavern. One gets so dirty there." I nodded feelingly, remembering an occasion when Papa had returned literally plastered from head to foot with rich Pleiocene clay. Our principal reason for settling in Little Hampsly had been the neighbourhood of Hampsly Cavern, a buried cave rich in deposits of the Aurignacian culture. We had a tiny Museum in the village, and the curator and Papa spent most of their days messing about underground and bringing to light portions of woolly rhinoceros and cave bear. Papa coughed badly all the evening, and the following morning I saw he had a temperature and sent for the doctor. Poor Papa, he never had a chance. It was double pneumonia. He died four days later. Every one was very kind to me. Dazed as I was, I appreciated that. I felt no overwhelming grief. Papa had never loved me, I knew that well enough. If he had, I might have loved him in return. No, there had not been love between us, but we had belonged together, and I had looked after him, and had secretly admired his learning and his uncompromising devotion to science. And it hurt me that Papa should have died just when the interest of life was at its height for him. I should have felt happier if I could have buried him in a cave, with paintings of reindeer and flint implements, but the force of public opinion constrained a neat tomb (with marble slab) in our hideous local churchyard. The vicar's consolations, though well meant, did not console me in the least. It took some time to dawn upon me that the thing I had always longed for—freedom—was at last mine. I was an orphan, and practically penniless, but free. At the same time I realized the extraordinary kindness of all these good people. The vicar did his best to persuade me that his wife was in urgent need of a companion help. Our tiny local library suddenly made up its mind to have an assistant librarian. Finally, the doctor called upon me, and after making various ridiculous excuses for failing to send in a proper bill, he hummed and hawed a good deal and suddenly suggested that I should marry him. I was very much astonished. The doctor was nearer forty than thirty, and a round, tubby little man. He was not at all like the hero of "The Perils of Pamela," and even less like a stern and silent Rhodesian. I reflected a minute and then asked him why he wanted to marry me. That seemed to fluster him a good deal, and he murmured that a wife was a great help to a General Practitioner. The position seemed even more unromantic than before, and yet something in me urged towards its acceptance. Safety, that was what I was being offered. Safety—and a Comfortable Home. Thinking it over now, I believe I did the little man an injustice. He was honestly in love with me, but a mistaken delicacy prevented him from pressing his suit on those lines. Anyway, my love of romance rebelled. "It's extremely kind of you," I said. "But it's impossible. I could never marry a man unless I loved him madly." "You don't think——?" "No, I don't," I said firmly. He sighed. "But, my dear child, what do you propose to do?" "Have adventures and see the world," I replied, without the least hesitation. "Miss Anne, you are very much of a child still. You don't understand— "The practical difficulties? Yes, I do, doctor. I'm not a sentimental schoolgirl—I'm a hard-headed mercenary shrew! You'd know it if you married me!" "I wish you would reconsider— "I can't." He sighed again. "I have another proposal to make. An aunt of mine who lives in Wales is in want of a young lady to help her. How would that suit you?" "No, doctor, I'm going to London. If things happen anywhere, they happen in London. I shall keep my eyes open and you'll see, something will turn up! You'll hear of me next in China or Timbuctoo." My next visitor was Mr. Flemming, Papa's London solicitor. He came down specially from town to see me. An ardent anthropologist himself, he was a great admirer of Papa's works. He was a tall, spare man with a thin face and grey hair. He rose to meet me as I entered the room and, taking both my hands in his, patted them affectionately. "My poor child," he said. "My poor, poor child." Without conscious hypocrisy, I found myself assuming the demeanour of a bereaved orphan. He hypnotized me into it. He was benignant, kind and fatherly—and without the least doubt he regarded me as a perfect fool of a girl left adrift to face an unkind world. From the first I felt that it was quite useless to try to convince him of the contrary. As things turned out, perhaps it was just as well I didn't. "My dear child, do you think you can listen to me whilst I try to make a few things clear to you?" "Oh, yes." "Your father, as you know, was a very great man. Posterity will appreciate him. But he was not a good man of business." I knew that quite as well, if not better than Mr. Flemming, but I restrained myself from saying so. He continued: "I do not suppose you understand much of these matters. I will try to explain as clearly as I can." He explained at unnecessary length. The upshot seemed to be that I was left to face life with the sum of £87, 17s. 4d. It seemed a strangely unsatisfying amount. I waited in some trepidation for what was coming next. I feared that Mr. Flemming would be sure to have an aunt in Scotland who was in want of a bright young companion. Apparently, however, he hadn't. "The question is," he went on, "the future. I understand you have no living relatives?" "I'm alone in the world," I said, and was struck anew by my likeness to a film heroine. "You have friends?" "Every one has been very kind to me," I said gratefully. "Who would not be kind to one so young and charming?" said Mr. Flemming gallantly. "Well, well, my dear, we must see what can be done." He hesitated a minute, and then said: "Supposing—how would it be if you came to us for a time?" I jumped at the chance. London! The place for things to happen. "It's awfully kind of you," I said. "Might I really? Just while I'm looking round. I must start out to earn my living, you know?" "Yes, yes, my dear child. I quite understand. We will look round for something—suitable." I felt instinctively that Mr. Flemming's ideas of "something suitable" and mine were likely to be widely divergent, but it was certainly not the moment I rang the bell, and a smiling Kafir boy answered it. "Mrs. Raffini?" I inquired. He ushered me in, preceded me down the passage and flung open a door. Just as I was about to pass in, I hesitated. I felt a sudden misgiving. I stepped over the threshold and the door swung sharply to behind me. A man rose from his seat behind a table and came forward with outstretched hand. "So glad we have persuaded you to visit us, Miss Beddingfeld," he said. He was a tall man, obviously a Dutchman, with a flaming orange beard. He did not look in the least like the curator of a museum. In fact, I realized in a flash that I had made a fool of myself. I was in the hands of the enemy. It reminded me forcibly of Episode III in "The Perils of Pamela." How often had I not sat in the sixpenny seats, eating a twopenny bar of milk chocolate, and yearning for similar things to happen to me. Well, they had happened with a vengeance. And somehow it was not nearly so amusing as I had imagined. It's all very well on the screen—you have the comfortable knowledge that there's bound to be an Episode IV. But in real life there was absolutely no guarantee that Anna the Adventuress might not terminate abruptly at the end of any Episode. Yes, I was in a tight place. All the things that Rayburn had said that morning came back to me with unpleasant distinctness. Tell the truth, he had said. Well, I could always do that, but was it going to help me? To begin with, would my story be believed? Would they consider it likely or possible that I had started off on this mad escapade simply on the strength of a scrap of paper smelling of moth balls? It sounded to me a wildly incredible tale. In that moment of cold sanity I cursed myself for a melodramatic idiot, and yearned for the peaceful boredom of Little Hampsly. All this passed through my mind in less time than it takes to tell. My first instinctive movement was to step backwards and feel for the handle of the door. My captor merely grinned. "Here you are and here you stay," he remarked facetiously. I did my best to put a bold face upon the matter. "I was invited to come here by the curator of the Cape Town Museum. If I have made a mistake— "A mistake? Oh, yes, a big mistake!" He laughed coarsely. "What right have you to detain me? I shall inform the police— "Yap, yap, yap—like a little toy dog." He laughed. I sat down on a chair. "I can only conclude that you are a dangerous lunatic," I said coldly. "Indeed?" "I should like to point out to you that my friends are perfectly well aware where I have gone, and that if I have not returned by this evening, they will come in search of me. You understand?" "So your friends know where you are, do they? Which of them?" Thus challenged, I did a lightning calculation of chances. Should I mention Sir Eustace? He was a well-known man, and his name might carry weight. But if they were in touch with Pagett, they might know I was lying. Better not risk Sir Eustace. "Mrs. Blair, for one," I said lightly. "A friend of mine with whom I am staying." "I think not," said my captor, slyly shaking his orange head. "You have not seen her since eleven this morning. And you received our note, bidding you come here, at lunch-time." His words showed me how closely my movements had been followed, but I was not going to give in without a fight. "You are very clever," I said. "Perhaps you have heard of that useful invention, the telephone? Mrs. Blair called me up on it when I was resting in my room after lunch. I told her then where I was going this afternoon." To my great satisfaction, I saw a shade of uneasiness pass over his face. Clearly he had overlooked the possibility that Suzanne might have telephoned to me. I wished she really had done so! "Enough of this," he said harshly, rising. "What are you going to do with me?" I asked, still endeavouring to appear composed. "Put you where you can do no harm in case your friends come after you." For a moment my blood ran cold, but his next words reassured me. "To-morrow you'll have some questions to answer, and after you've answered them we shall know what to do with you. And I can tell you, young lady, we've more ways than one of making obstinate little fools talk." It was not cheering, but it was at least a respite. I had until to-morrow. This man was clearly an underling obeying the orders of a superior. Could that superior by any chance be Pagett? He called and two Kafirs appeared. I was taken upstairs. Despite my struggles, I was gagged and then bound hand and foot. The room into which they had taken me was a kind of attic right under the roof. It was dusty and showed little signs of having been occupied. The Dutchman made a mock bow and withdrew, closing the door behind him. I was quite helpless. Turn and twist as I would, I could not loosen my hands in the slightest degree, and the gag prevented me from crying out. If, by any possible chance, any one did come to the house, I could do nothing to attract their attention. Down below I heard the sound of a door shutting. Evidently the Dutchman was going out. It was maddening not to be able to do anything. I strained again at my bonds, but the knots held. I desisted at last, and either fainted or fell asleep. When I awoke I was in pain all over. It was quite dark now, and I judged that the night must be well advanced, for the moon was high in the heavens and shining down through the dusty skylight. The gag was half choking me and the stiffness and pain were unendurable. It was then that my eyes fell on a bit of broken glass lying in the corner. A moonbeam slanted right down on it, and its glistening had caught my attention. As I looked at it, an idea came into my head. My arms and legs were helpless, but surely I could still _roll._ Slowly and awkwardly, I set myself in motion. It was not easy. Besides being extremely painful, since I could not guard my face with my arms, it was also exceedingly difficult to keep any particular direction. I tended to roll in every direction except the one I wanted to go. In the end, however, I came right up against my objective. It almost touched my bound hands. Even then it was not easy. It took an infinity of time before I could wriggle the glass into such a position, wedged against the wall, that it would rub up and down on my bonds. It was a long heart-rending process, and I almost despaired, but in the end I succeeded in sawing through the cords that bound my wrists. The rest was a matter of time. Once I had restored the circulation to my hands by rubbing the wrists vigorously, I was able to undo the gag. One or two full breaths did a lot for me. Very soon I had undone the last knot, though even then it was some time before I could stand on my feet, but at last I stood erect, swinging my arms to and fro to restore the circulation, and wishing above all things that I could get hold of something to eat. I waited about a quarter of an hour, to be quite sure of my recovered strength. Then I tiptoed noiselessly to the door. As I had hoped, it was not locked, only latched. I unlatched it and peeped cautiously out. Everything was still. The moonlight came in through a window and showed me the dusty uncarpeted staircase. Cautiously I crept down it. Still no sound—but as I stood on the landing below, a faint murmur of voices reached me. I stopped dead and stood there for some time. A clock on the wall registered the fact that it was after midnight. I was fully aware of the risks I might run if I descended lower, but my curiosity was too much for me. With infinite precautions I prepared to explore. I crept softly down the last flight of stairs and stood in the square hall. I looked round me—and then caught my breath with a gasp. A Kafir boy was sitting by the hall door. He had not seen me, indeed I soon realized by his breathing that he was fast asleep. Should I retreat, or should I go on? The voices came from the room I had been shown into on arrival. One of them was that of my Dutch friend, the other I could not for the moment recognize, though it seemed vaguely familiar. In the end I decided that it was clearly my duty to hear all I could. I must risk the Kafir boy waking up. I crossed the hall noiselessly and knelt by the study door. For a moment or two I could hear no better. The voices were louder, but I could not distinguish what they said. I applied my eye to the keyhole instead of my ear. As I had guessed, one of the speakers was the big Dutchman. The other man was sitting outside my circumscribed range of vision. Suddenly he rose to get himself a drink. His back, black clad and decorous, came into view. Even before he turned round I knew who he was. Mr. Chichester! Now I began to make out the words. "All the same, it is dangerous. Suppose her friends come after her?" It was the big man speaking. Chichester answered him. He had dropped his clerical voice entirely. No wonder I had not recognized it. "All bluff. They haven't an idea where she is." "She spoke very positively." "I dare say. I've looked into the matter, and we've nothing to fear. Anyway, it's the ‘Colonel's' orders. You don't want to go against them, I suppose?" The Dutchman ejaculated something in his own language. I judged it to be a hasty disclaimer. "But why not knock her on the head?" he growled. "It would be simple. The boat is all ready. She could be taken out to sea?" "Yes," said Chichester meditatively. "That is what I should do. She knows too much, that is certain. But the ‘Colonel' is a man who likes to play a lone hand—though no one else must do so." Something in his own words seemed to awaken a memory that annoyed him. "He wants information of some kind from this girl." He had paused before the information, and the Dutchman was quick to catch him up. "Information?" "Something of the kind." "Diamonds," I said to myself. "And now," continued Chichester, "give me the lists." For a long time their conversation was quite incomprehensible to me. It seemed to deal with large quantities of vegetables. Dates were mentioned, prices, and various names of places which I did not know. It was quite half an hour before they had finished their checking and counting. "Good," said Chichester, and there was a sound as though he pushed back his chair. "I will take these with me for the ‘Colonel' to see." "When do you leave?" "Ten o'clock to-morrow morning will do." "Do you want to see the girl before you go?" "No. There are strict orders that no one is to see her until the ‘Colonel' comes. Is she all right?" "I looked in on her when I came in for dinner. She was asleep, I think. What about food?" "A little starvation will do no harm. The ‘Colonel' will be here some time to-morrow. She will answer questions better if she is hungry. No one had better go near her till then. Is she securely tied up?" The Dutchman laughed. "What do you think?" They both laughed. So did I, under my breath. Then, as the sounds seemed to betoken that they were about to come out of the room, I beat a hasty retreat. I was just in time. As I reached the head of the stairs, I heard the door of the room open, and at the same time the Kafir stirred and moved. My retreat by the way of the hall door was not to be thought of. I retired prudently to the attic, gathered my bonds round me and lay down again on the floor, in case they should take it into their heads to come and look at me. They did not do so, however. After about an hour, I crept down the stairs, but the Kafir by the door was awake and humming softly to himself. I was anxious to get out of the house, but I did not quite see how to manage it. In the end I was forced to retreat to the attic again. The Kafir was clearly on guard for the night. I remained there patiently all through the sounds of early morning preparation. The men breakfasted in the hall, I could hear their voices distinctly floating up the stairs. I was getting thoroughly unnerved. How on earth was I to get out of the house? I counselled myself to be patient. A rash move might spoil everything. After breakfast came the sounds of Chichester departing. To my intense relief, the Dutchman accompanied him. I waited breathlessly. Breakfast was being cleared away, the work of the house was being done. At last, the various activities seemed to die down. I slipped out from my lair once more. Very carefully I crept down the stairs. The hall was empty. Like a flash I was across it, had unlatched the door, and was outside in the sunshine. I ran down the drive like one possessed. Once outside, I resumed a normal walk. People stared at me curiously, and I do not wonder. My face and clothes must have been covered in dust from rolling about in the attic. At last I came to a garage. I went in. "I have met with an accident," I explained. "I want a car to take me to Cape Town at once. I must catch the boat to Durban." I had not long to wait. Ten minutes later I was speeding along in the direction of Cape Town. I must know if Chichester was on the boat. Whether to sail on her myself or not, I could not determine, but in the end I decided to do so. Chichester would not know that I had seen him in the Villa at Muizenberg. He would doubtless lay further traps for me, but I was forewarned. And he was the man I was after, the man who was seeking the diamonds on behalf of the mysterious "Colonel." Alas, for my plans! As I arrived at the docks, the _Kilmorden Castle_ was steaming out to sea. And I had no means of knowing whether Chichester had sailed on her or not! I drove to the hotel. There was no one in the lounge that I knew. I ran upstairs and tapped on Suzanne's door. Her voice bade me "come in." When she saw who it was she literally fell on my neck. "Anne, dear, where have you been? I've been worried to death about you. What have you been doing?" "Having adventures," I replied. "Episode III of ‘The Perils of Pamela.'" I told her the whole story. She gave vent to a deep sigh when I finished. "Why do these things always happen to you?" she demanded plaintively. "Why does no one gag me and bind me hand and foot?" "You wouldn't like it if they did," I assured her. "To tell you the truth, I'm not nearly so keen on having adventures myself as I was. A little of that sort of thing goes a long way." Suzanne seemed unconvinced. An hour or two of gagging and binding would have changed her views quickly enough. Suzanne likes thrills, but she hates being uncomfortable. "And what are we all doing now?" she asked. "I don't quite know," I said thoughtfully. "You still go to Rhodesia, of course, to keep an eye on Pagett— "And you?" That was just my difficulty. Had Chichester gone on the _Kilmorden,_ or had he not? Did he mean to carry out his original plan of going to Durban? The hour of his leaving Muizenberg seemed to point to an affirmative answer to both questions. In that case, I might go to Durban by train. I fancied that I should get there before the boat. On the other hand, if the news of my escape were wired to Chichester, and also the information that I had left Cape Town for Durban, nothing was simpler for him than to leave the boat at either Port Elizabeth or East London and so give me the slip completely. It was rather a knotty problem. "We'll inquire about trains to Durban anyway," I said. "And it's not too late for morning tea," said Suzanne. "We'll have it in the lounge." The Durban train left at 8.15 that evening, so they told me at the office. For the moment I postponed decision and joined Suzanne for somewhat belated "eleven-o'clock tea." "Do you feel that you would really recognize Chichester again—in any other disguise, I mean?" asked Suzanne. I shook my head ruefully. "I certainly didn't recognize him as the stewardess, and never should have but for your drawing." "The man's a professional actor, I'm sure of it," said Suzanne thoughtfully. "His make-up is perfectly marvellous. He might come off the boat as a navvy or something, and you'd never spot him." "You're very cheering," I said. At that minute, Colonel Race stepped in through the window and came and joined us. "What is Sir Eustace doing?" asked Suzanne. "I haven't seen him about to-day." Rather an odd expression passed over the Colonel's face. "He's got a little trouble of his own to attend to which is keeping him busy." "Tell us about it." "I mustn't tell tales out of school." "Tell us something—even if you have to invent it for our special benefit." "Well, what would you say to the famous ‘Man in the Brown Suit' having made the voyage with us?" _"What? "_ I felt the colour die out of my face and then surge back again. Fortunately Colonel Race was not looking at me. "It's a fact, I believe. Every port watched for him and he bamboozled Pedler into bringing him out as his secretary!" "Not Mr. Pagett?" "Oh, not Pagett—the other fellow. Rayburn, he called himself." "Have they arrested him?" asked Suzanne. Under the table she gave my hand a reassuring squeeze. I waited breathlessly for an answer. "He seems to have disappeared into thin air." "How does Sir Eustace take it?" "Regards it as a personal insult offered him by Fate." An opportunity of hearing Sir Eustace's views on the matter presented itself later in the day. We were awakened from a refreshing afternoon nap by a page-boy with a note. In touching terms it requested the pleasure of our company at tea in his sitting-room. The poor man was indeed in a pitiable state. He poured out his troubles to us, encouraged by Suzanne's sympathetic murmurs. (She does that sort of thing very well.) "First a perfectly strange woman has the impertinence to get herself murdered in my house—on purpose to annoy me, I do believe. Why my house? Why, of all the houses in Great Britain, choose the Mill House? What harm had I ever done the woman that she must needs get herself murdered there?" Suzanne made one of her sympathetic noises again and Sir Eustace proceeded in a still more aggrieved tone. "And, if that's not enough, the fellow who murdered her has the impudence, the colossal impudence, to attach himself to me as my secretary. My secretary, if you please! I'm tired of secretaries, I won't have any more secretaries. Either they're concealed murderers or else they're drunken brawlers. Have you seen Pagett's black eye? But of course you have. How can I go about with a secretary like that? And his face is such a nasty shade of yellow too—just the colour that doesn't go with a black eye. I've done with secretaries—unless I have a girl. A nice girl, with liquid eyes, who'll hold my hand when I'm feeling cross. What about you, Miss Anne. Will you take on the job?" "How often shall I have to hold Harry kept him covered with the revolver. "So you see, Sir Eustace, the game is up. It was you yourself who very kindly provided us with the clue of your whereabouts. Race's men were watching the exit of the secret passage. In spite of the precautions you took, they were successful in following me here." Sir Eustace turned suddenly. "Very clever. Very creditable. But I've still a word to say. If I've lost the trick, so have you. You'll never be able to bring the murder of Nadina home to me. I was in Marlow on that day, that's all you've got against me. No one can prove that I even knew the woman. But you knew her, you had a motive for killing her—and your record's against you. You're a thief, remember, a thief. There's one thing you don't know, perhaps. _I've got the diamonds._ And here goes— With an incredibly swift movement, he stooped, swung up his arm and threw. There was a tinkle of breaking glass, as the object went through the window and disappeared into the blazing mass opposite. "There goes your only hope of establishing your innocence over the Kimberley affair. And now we'll talk. I'll drive a bargain with you. You've got me cornered. Race will find all he needs in this house. There's a chance for me if I can get away. I'm done for if I stay, but so are you, young man! There's a skylight in the next room. A couple of minutes' start and I shall be all right. I've got one or two little arrangements all ready made. You let me out that way, and give me a start—and I leave you a signed confession that I killed Nadina." _"Yes,_ Harry," I cried. "Yes, yes, yes!" He turned a stern face on me. "No, Anne, a thousand times, no. You don't know what you're saying." "I do. It solves everything." "I'd never be able to look Race in the face again. I'll take my chance, but I'm damned if I'll let this slippery old fox get away. It's no good, Anne. I won't do it." Sir Eustace chuckled. He accepted defeat without the least emotion. "Well, well," he remarked. "You seem to have met your master, Anne. But I can assure you both that moral rectitude does not always pay." There was a crash of rending wood, and footsteps surged up the stairs. Harry drew back the bolt. Colonel Race was the first to enter the room. His face lit at the sight of us. "You're safe, Anne. I was afraid— He turned to Sir Eustace. "I've been after you for a long time, Pedler—and at last I've got you." "Everybody seems to have gone completely mad," declared Sir Eustace airily. "These young people have been threatening me with revolvers and accusing me of the most shocking things. I don't know what it's all about." "Don't you? It means that I've found the ‘Colonel.' It means that on January 8th last you were not at Cannes, but at Marlow. It means that when your tool, Madame Nadina, turned against you, you planned to do away with her—and at last we shall be able to bring the crime home to you." "Indeed? And from whom did you get all this interesting information? From the man who is even now being looked for by the police? His evidence will be very valuable." "We have other evidence. There is some one else who knew that Nadina was going to meet you at the Mill House." Sir Eustace looked surprised. Colonel Race made a gesture with his hand. Arthur Minks _alias_ the Rev. Edward Chichester _alias_ Miss Pettigrew stepped forward. He was pale and nervous, but he spoke clearly enough: "I saw Nadina in Paris the night before she went over to England. I was posing at the time as a Russian Count. She told me of her purpose. I warned her, knowing what kind of man she had to deal with, but she did not take my advice. There was a wireless message on the table. I read it. Afterwards I thought I would have a try for the diamonds myself. In Johannesburg, Mr. Rayburn accosted me. He persuaded me to come over to his side." Sir Eustace looked at him. He said nothing, but Minks seemed visibly to wilt. "Rats always leaving a sinking ship," observed Sir Eustace. "I don't care for rats. Sooner or later, I destroy vermin." "There's just one thing I'd like to tell you, Sir Eustace," I remarked. "That tin you threw out of the window didn't contain the diamonds. It had common pebbles in it. The diamonds are in a perfectly safe place. As a matter of fact, they're in the big giraffe's stomach. Suzanne hollowed it out, put the diamonds in with cotton wool, so that they wouldn't rattle, and plugged it up again." Sir Eustace looked at me for some time. His reply was characteristic: "I always did hate that blinking giraffe," he said. "It must have been instinct." We were not able to return to Johannesburg that night. The shells were coming over pretty fast, and I gathered that we were now more or less cut off, owing to the rebels having obtained possession of a new part of the suburbs. Our place of refuge was a farm some twenty miles or so from Johannesburg—right out on the veld. I was dropping with fatigue. All the excitement and anxiety of the last two days had left me little better than a limp rag. I kept repeating to myself, without being able to believe it, that our troubles were really over. Harry and I were together and we should never be separated again. Yet all through I was conscious of some barrier between us—a constraint on his part, the reason of which I could not fathom. Sir Eustace had been driven off in an opposite direction accompanied by a strong guard. He waved his hand airily to us on departing. I came out on to the _stoep_ early on the following morning and looked across the veld in the direction of Johannesburg. I could see the great dumps glistening in the pale morning sunshine, and I could hear the low rumbling mutter of the guns. The Revolution was not over yet. The farmer's wife came out and called me in to breakfast. She was a kind, motherly soul, and I was already very fond of her. Harry had gone out at dawn and had not yet returned, so she informed me. Again I felt a stir of uneasiness pass over me. What was this shadow of which I was so conscious between us? After breakfast I sat out on the _stoep_, a book in my hand which I did not read. I was so lost in my own thoughts that I never saw Colonel Race ride up and dismount from his horse. It was not until he said "Good morning, Anne," that I became aware of his presence. "Oh," I said, with a flush, "it's you." "Yes. May I sit down?" He drew a chair up beside me. It was the first time we had been alone together since that day at the Matoppos. As always, I felt that curious mixture of fascination and fear that he never failed to inspire in me. "What is the news?" I asked. "Smuts will be in Johannesburg to-morrow. I give this outbreak three days more before it collapses utterly. In the meantime the fighting goes on." "I wish," I said, "that one could be sure that the right people were the ones to get killed. I mean the ones who wanted to fight—not just all the poor people who happen to live in the parts where the fighting is going on." He nodded. "I know what you mean, Anne. That's the unfairness of war. But I've other news for you." "Yes?" "A confession of incompetency on my part. Pedler has managed to escape." "What?" "Yes. No one knows how he managed it. He was securely locked up for the night—in an upper-story room of one of the farms roundabouts which the Military have taken over, but this morning the room was empty and the bird had flown." Secretly I was rather pleased. Never, to this day, have I been able to rid myself of a sneaking fondness for Sir Eustace. I dare say it's reprehensible, but there it is. I admired him. He was a thorough-going villain, I dare say—but he was a pleasant one. I've never met any one half so amusing since. I concealed my feelings, of course. Naturally Colonel Race would feel quite differently about it. He wanted Sir Eustace brought to justice. There was nothing very surprising in his escape when one came to think of it. All round Jo'burg he must have innumerable spies and agents. And, whatever Colonel Race might think, I was exceedingly doubtful that they would ever catch him. He probably had a well-planned line of retreat. Indeed, he had said as much to us. I expressed myself suitably, though in a rather lukewarm manner, and the conversation languished. Then Colonel Race asked suddenly for Harry. I told him that he had gone off at dawn and that I hadn't seen him this morning. "You understand, don't you, Anne, that apart from formalities, he is completely cleared? There are technicalities, of course, but Sir Eustace's guilt is well assured. There is nothing now to keep you apart." He said this without looking at me, in a slow, jerky voice. "I understand," I said gratefully. "And there is no reason why he should not at once resume his real name." "No, of course not." "You know his real name?" The question surprised me. "Of course I do. Harry Lucas." He did not answer, and something in the quality of his silence struck me as peculiar. "Anne, do you remember that, as we drove home from the Matoppos that day, I told you that I knew what I had to do?" "Of course I remember." "I think that I may fairly say I have done it. The man you love is cleared of suspicion." "Was that what you meant?" "Of course." I hung my head, ashamed of the baseless suspicion I had entertained. He spoke again in a thoughtful voice: "When I was a mere youngster, I was in love with a girl who jilted me. After that I thought only of my work. My career meant everything to me. Then I met you, Anne—and all that seemed worth nothing. But youth's call to youth. . . . I've still got my work." I was silent. I suppose one can't really love two men at once—but you can feel like it. The magnetism of this man was very great. I looked up at him suddenly. "I think that you'll go very far," I said dreamily. "I think that you've got a great career ahead of you. You'll be one of the world's big men." I felt as though I was uttering a prophecy. "I shall be alone, though." "All the people who do really big things are." "You think so?" "I'm sure of it." He took my hand and said in a low voice: "I'd rather have had—the other." Then Harry came striding round the corner of the house. Colonel Race rose. "Good morning—Lucas," he said. For some reason Harry flushed up to the roots of his hair. "Yes," I said gaily, "you must be known by your real name now." But Harry was still staring at Colonel Race. "So you know, sir," he said at last. "I never forget a face. I saw you once as a boy." "What's all this about?" I asked, puzzled, looking from one to the other. It seemed a conflict of wills between them. Race won. Harry turned slightly away. "I suppose you're right, sir. Tell her my real name." "Anne, this isn't Harry Lucas. Harry Lucas was killed in the War. This is John Harold Eardsley." With his last words Colonel Race had swung away and left us. I stood staring after him. Harry's voice recalled me to myself. "Anne, forgive me, say you forgive me." He took my hand in his and almost mechanically I drew it away. "Why did you deceive me?" "I don't know that I can make you understand. I was afraid of all that sort of thing—the power and fascination of wealth. I wanted you to care for me just for myself—for the man I was—without ornaments and trappings." "You mean you didn't trust me?" "You can put it that way if you like, but it isn't quite true. I'd become embittered, suspicious—always prone to look for ulterior motives—and it was so wonderful to be cared for in the way you cared for me." "I see," I said slowly. I was going over in my own mind the story he had told me. For the first time I noted discrepancies in it which I had disregarded—an assurance of money, the power to buy back the diamonds of Nadina, the way in which he had preferred to speak of both men from the point of view of an outsider. And when he had said "my friend" he had meant, not Eardsley, but Lucas. It was Lucas, the quiet fellow, who had loved Nadina so deeply. "How did it come about?" I asked. "We were both reckless—anxious to get killed. One night we exchanged identification discs—for luck! Lucas was killed the next day—blown to pieces." I shuddered. "But why didn't you tell me now? This morning? You couldn't have doubted my caring for you by this time?" "Anne, I didn't want to spoil it all. I wanted to take you back to the island. What's the good of money? It can't buy happiness. We'd have been happy on the island. I tell you I'm afraid of that other life—it nearly rotted me through once." "Did Sir Eustace know who you really were?" "Oh, yes." "And Carton?" "No. He saw us both with Nadina at Kimberley one night, but he didn't know which was which. He accepted my statement that I was Lucas, and Nadina was deceived by his cable. She was never afraid of Lucas. He was a quiet chap—very deep. But I always had the devil's own temper. She'd have been scared out of her life if she'd known that I'd come to life again." "Harry, if Colonel Race hadn't told me, what did you mean to do?" "Say nothing. Go on as Lucas." "And your father's millions?" "Race was welcome to them. Anyway, he would make a better use of them than I ever shall. Anne, what are you thinking about? You're frowning so." "I'm thinking," I said slowly, "that I almost wish Colonel Race hadn't made you tell me." "No. He was right. I owed you the truth." He paused, then said suddenly: "You know, Anne, I'm jealous of Race. He loves you too—and he's a bigger man than I am or ever shall be." I turned to him, laughing. "Harry, you idiot. It's you I want—and that's all that matters." As soon as possible we started for Cape Town. There Suzanne was waiting to greet me, and we disembowelled the big giraffe together. When the Revolution was finally quelled, Colonel Race came down to Cape Town and at his suggestion the big villa at Muizenberg that had belonged to Sir Lawrence Eardsley was reopened and we all took up our abode in it. There we made our plans. I was to return to England with Suzanne and to be married from her house in London. And the trousseau was to be bought in Paris! Suzanne enjoyed planning all these details enormously. So did I. And yet the future seemed curiously unreal. And sometimes, without knowing why, I felt absolutely stifled—as though I couldn't breathe. It was the night before we were to sail. I couldn't sleep. I was miserable, and I didn't know why. I hated leaving Africa. When I came back to it, would it be the same thing? Would it ever be the same thing again? And then I was startled by an authoritative rap on the shutter. I sprang up. Harry was on the _stoep_ outside. "Put some clothes on, Anne, and come out. I want to speak to you." I huddled on a few garments, and stepped out into the cool night air—still and scented, with its velvety feel. Harry beckoned me out of earshot of the house. His face looked pale and determined and his eyes were blazing. "Anne, do you remember saying to me once that women enjoyed doing the things they disliked for the sake of some one they liked?" "Yes," I said, wondering what was coming. He caught me in his arms. "Anne, come away with me—now—to-night. Back to Rhodesia—back to the island. I can't stand all this tomfoolery. I can't wait for you any longer." I disengaged myself a minute. "And what about my French frocks?" I lamented mockingly. To this day Harry never knows when I'm in earnest and when I'm only teasing him. "Damn your French frocks. Do you think I want to put frocks on you? I'm a damned sight more likely to want to tear them off you. I'm not going to let you go, do you hear? You're my woman. If I let you go away, I may lose you. I'm never sure of you. You're coming with me now—to-night—and damn everybody." He held me to him, kissing me until I could hardly breathe. "I can't do without you any longer, Anne. I can't indeed. I hate all this money. Let Race have it. Come on. Let's go." "My toothbrush?" I demurred. "You can buy one. I know I'm a lunatic, but for God's sake, _come! "_ He stalked off at a furious pace. I followed him as meekly as the Barotsi woman I had observed at the Falls. Only I wasn't carrying a frying-pan on my head. He walked so fast that it was very difficult to keep up with him. "Harry," I said at last, in a meek voice, "are we going to walk all the way to Rhodesia?" He turned suddenly and with a great shout of laughter gathered me up in his arms. "I'm mad, sweetheart, I know it. But I do love you so." "We're a couple of lunatics. And, oh, Harry, you never asked me, but I'm not making a sacrifice at all! I _wanted_ to come!" That was two years ago. We still live on the island. Before me, on the rough wooden table, is the letter that Suzanne wrote me. Dear Babes in the Wood—Dear Lunatics in Love, I'm not surprised—not at all. All the time we've been talking Paris and frocks I felt that it wasn't a bit real—that you'd vanish into the blue some day to be married over the tongs in the good old gipsy fashion. But you _are_ a couple of lunatics! This idea of renouncing a vast fortune is absurd. Colonel Race wanted to argue the matter, but I have persuaded him to leave the argument to time. He can administer the estate for Harry—and none better. Because, after all, honeymoons don't last forever—you're not here, Anne, so I can safely say that without having you fly out at me like a little wild-cat—Love in the wilderness will last a good while, but one day you will suddenly begin to dream of houses in Park Lane, sumptuous furs, Paris frocks, the largest thing in motors and the latest thing in perambulators, French maids and Norland nurses! Oh, yes, you will! But have your honeymoon, dear lunatics, and let it be a long one. And think of me sometimes, comfortably putting on weight amidst the fleshpots! Your loving friend, Suzanne Blair. P.S.—I am sending you an assortment of frying-pans as a wedding present, and an enormous _terrine_ of _pâté de foie gras_ to remind you of me. There is another letter that I sometimes read. It came a good while after the other and was accompanied by a bulky packet. It appeared to be written from somewhere in Bolivia. My dear Anne Beddingfeld, I can't resist writing to you, not so much for the pleasure it gives me to write, as for the enormous pleasure I know it will give you to hear from me. Our friend Race wasn't quite as clever as he thought himself, was he? I think I shall appoint you my literary executor. I'm sending you my diary. There's nothing in it that would interest Race and his crowd, but I fancy that there are passages in it which may amuse you. Make use of it in any way you like. I suggest an article for the _Daily Budget,_ "Criminals I have met." I only stipulate that I shall be the central figure. By this "Well, _mon ami_, a good deal you can guess for yourself. Of course you realize that, now Mr. Inglethorp is out of it, the whole position is greatly changed. We are face to face with an entirely new problem. We know now that there is one person who did not buy the poison. We have cleared away the manufactured clues. Now for the real ones. I have ascertained that anyone in the household, with the exception of Mrs. Cavendish, who was playing tennis with you, could have personated Mr. Inglethorp on Monday evening. In the same way, we have his statement that he put the coffee down in the hall. No one took much notice of that at the inquest—but now it has a very different significance. We must find out who did take that coffee to Mrs. Inglethorp eventually, or who passed through the hall whilst it was standing there. From your account, there are only two people whom we can positively say did not go near the coffee—Mrs. Cavendish, and Mademoiselle Cynthia." "Yes, that is so." I felt an inexpressible lightening of the heart. Mary Cavendish could certainly not rest under suspicion. "In clearing Alfred Inglethorp," continued Poirot, "I have been obliged to show my hand sooner than I intended. As long as I might be thought to be pursuing him, the criminal would be off his guard. Now, he will be doubly careful. Yes—doubly careful." He turned to me abruptly. "Tell me, Hastings, you yourself—have you no suspicions of anybody?" I hesitated. To tell the truth, an idea, wild and extravagant in itself, had once or twice that morning flashed through my brain. I had rejected it as absurd, nevertheless it persisted. "You couldn't call it a suspicion," I murmured. "It's so utterly foolish." "Come now," urged Poirot encouragingly. "Do not fear. Speak your mind. You should always pay attention to your instincts." "Well then," I blurted out, "it's absurd—but I suspect Miss Howard of not telling all she knows!" "Miss Howard?" "Yes—you'll laugh at me— "Not at all. Why should I?" "I can't help feeling," I continued blunderingly; "that we've rather left her out of the possible suspects, simply on the strength of her having been away from the place. But, after all, she was only fifteen miles away. A car would do it in half an hour. Can we say positively that she was away from Styles on the night of the murder?" "Yes, my friend," said Poirot unexpectedly, "we can. One of my first actions was to ring up the hospital where she was working." "Well?" "Well, I learnt that Miss Howard had been on afternoon duty on Tuesday, and that—a convoy coming in unexpectedly—she had kindly offered to remain on night duty, which offer was gratefully accepted. That disposes of that." "Oh!" I said, rather nonplussed. "Really," I continued, "it's her extraordinary vehemence against Inglethorp that started me off suspecting her. I can't help feeling she'd do anything against him. And I had an idea she might know something about the destroying of the will. She might have burnt the new one, mistaking it for the earlier one in his favour. She is so terribly bitter against him." "You consider her vehemence unnatural?" "Y—es. She is so very violent. I wondered really whether she is quite sane on that point." Poirot shook his head energetically. "No, no, you are on a wrong tack there. There is nothing weak-minded or degenerate about Miss Howard. She is an excellent specimen of well-balanced English beef and brawn. She is sanity itself." "Yet her hatred of Inglethorp seems almost a mania. My idea was—a very ridiculous one, no doubt—that she had intended to poison him—and that, in some way, Mrs. Inglethorp got hold of it by mistake. But I don't at all see how it could have been done. The whole thing is absurd and ridiculous to the last degree." "Still you are right in one thing. It is always wise to suspect everybody until you can prove logically, and to your own satisfaction, that they are innocent. Now, what reasons are there against Miss Howard's having deliberately poisoned Mrs. Inglethorp?" "Why, she was devoted to her!" I exclaimed. "Tcha! Tcha!" cried Poirot irritably. "You argue like a child. If Miss Howard were capable of poisoning the old lady, she would be quite equally capable of simulating devotion. No, we must look elsewhere. You are perfectly correct in your assumption that her vehemence against Alfred Inglethorp is too violent to be natural; but you are quite wrong in the deduction you draw from it. I have drawn my own deductions, which I believe to be correct, but I will not speak of them at present." He paused a minute, then went on. "Now, to my way of thinking, there is one insuperable objection to Miss Howard's being the murderess." "And that is?" "That in no possible way could Mrs. Inglethorp's death benefit Miss Howard. Now there is no murder without a motive." I reflected. "Could not Mrs. Inglethorp have made a will in her favour?" Poirot shook his head. "But you yourself suggested that possibility to Mr. Wells?" Poirot smiled. "That was for a reason. I did not want to mention the name of the person who was actually in my mind. Miss Howard occupied very much the same position, so I used her name instead." "Still, Mrs. Inglethorp might have done so. Why, that will, made on the afternoon of her death may— But Poirot's shake of the head was so energetic that I stopped. "No, my friend. I have certain little ideas of my own about that will. But I can tell you this much—it was not in Miss Howard's favour." I accepted his assurance, though I did not really see how he could be so positive about the matter. "Well," I said, with a sigh, "we will acquit Miss Howard, then. It is partly your fault that I ever came to suspect her. It was what you said about her evidence at the inquest that set me off." Poirot looked puzzled. "What did I say about her evidence at the inquest?" "Don't you remember? When I cited her and John Cavendish as being above suspicion?" "Oh—ah—yes." He seemed a little confused, but recovered himself. "By the way, Hastings, there is something I want you to do for me." "Certainly. What is it?" "Next time you happen to be alone with Lawrence Cavendish, I want you to say this to him. ‘I have a message for you, from Poirot. He says: "Find the extra coffee-cup, and you can rest in peace!"' Nothing more. Nothing less." "‘Find the extra coffee-cup, and you can rest in peace.' Is that right?" I asked, much mystified. "Excellent." "But what does it mean?" "Ah, that I will leave you to find out. You have access to the facts. Just say that to him, and see what he says." "Very well—but it's all extremely mysterious." We were running into Tadminster now, and Poirot directed the car to the "Analytical Chemist." Poirot hopped down briskly, and went inside. In a few minutes he was back again. "There," he said. "That is all my business." "What were you doing there?" I asked, in lively curiosity. "I left something to be analysed." "Yes, but what?" "The sample of cocoa I took from the saucepan in the bedroom." "But that has already been tested!" I cried, stupefied. "Dr. Bauerstein had it tested, and you yourself laughed at the possibility of there being strychnine in it." "I know Dr. Bauerstein had it tested," replied Poirot quietly. "Well, then?" "Well, I have a fancy for having it analysed again, that is all." And not another word on the subject could I drag out of him. This proceeding of Poirot's, in respect of the cocoa, puzzled me intensely. I could see neither rhyme nor reason in it. However, my confidence in him, which at one time had rather waned, was fully restored since his belief in Alfred Inglethorp's innocence had been so triumphantly vindicated. The funeral of Mrs. Inglethorp took place the following day, and on Monday, as I came down to a late breakfast, John drew me aside, and informed me that Mr. Inglethorp was leaving that morning, to take up his quarters at the Stylites Arms until he should have completed his plans. "And really it's a great relief to think he's going, Hastings," continued my honest friend. "It was bad enough before, when we thought he'd done it, but I'm hanged if it isn't worse now, when we all feel guilty for having been so down on the fellow. The fact is, we've treated him abominably. Of course, things did look black against him. I don't see how anyone could blame us for jumping to the conclusions we did. Still, there it is, we were in the wrong, and now there's a beastly feeling that one ought to make amends; which is difficult, when one doesn't like the fellow a bit better than one did before. The whole thing's damned awkward! And I'm thankful he's had the tact to take himself off. It's a good thing Styles wasn't the mater's to leave to him. Couldn't bear to think of the fellow lording it here. He's welcome to her money." "You'll be able to keep up the place all right?" I asked. "Oh, yes. There are the death duties, of course, but half my father's money goes with the place, and Lawrence will stay with us for the present, so there is his share as well. We shall be pinched at first, of course, because, as I once told you, I am in a bit of a hole financially myself. Still, the Johnnies will wait now." In the general relief at Inglethorp's approaching departure, we had the most genial breakfast we had experienced since the tragedy. Cynthia, whose young spirits were naturally buoyant, was looking quite her pretty self again, and we all, with the exception of Lawrence, who seemed unalterably gloomy and nervous, were quietly cheerful, at the opening of a new and hopeful future. The papers, of course, had been full of the tragedy. Glaring headlines, sandwiched biographies of every member of the household, subtle innuendoes, the usual familiar tag about the police having a clue. Nothing was spared us. It was a slack time. The war was momentarily inactive, and the newspapers seized with avidity on this crime in fashionable life: "The Mysterious Affair at Styles" was the topic of the moment. Naturally it was very annoying for the Cavendishes. The house was constantly besieged by reporters, who were consistently denied admission, but who continued to haunt the village and the grounds, where they lay in wait with cameras, for any unwary members of the household. We all lived in a blast of publicity. The Scotland Yard men came and went, examining, questioning, lynx-eyed and reserved of tongue. Towards what end they were working, we did not know. Had they any clue, or would the whole thing remain in the category of undiscovered crimes? After breakfast, Dorcas came up to me rather mysteriously, and asked if she might have a few words with me. "Certainly. What is it, Dorcas?" "Well, it's just this, sir. You'll be seeing the Belgian gentleman to-day perhaps?" I nodded. "Well, sir, you know how he asked me so particular if the mistress, or anyone else, had a green dress?" "Yes, yes. You have found one?" My interest was aroused. "No, not that, sir. But since then I've remembered what the young gentlemen"—John and Lawrence were still the "young gentlemen" to Dorcas call the ‘dressing-up box.' It's up in the front attic, sir. A great chest, full of old clothes and fancy dresses, and what not. And it came to me sudden like that there might be a green dress amongst them. So, if you'd tell the Belgian gentleman— "I will tell him, Dorcas," I promised. "Thank you very much, sir. A very nice gentleman he is, sir. And quite a different class from them two detectives from London, what goes prying about, and asking questions. I don't hold with foreigners as a rule, but from what the newspapers say I make out as how these brave Belges isn't the ordinary run of foreigners, and certainly he's a most polite spoken gentleman." Dear old Dorcas! As she stood there, with her honest face upturned to mine, I thought what a fine specimen she was of the old-fashioned servant that is so fast dying out. I thought I might as well go down to the village at once, and look up Poirot; but I met him half-way, coming up to the house, and at once gave him Dorcas's message. "Ah, the brave Dorcas! We will look at the chest, although—but no matter—we will examine it all the same." We entered the house by one of the windows. There was no one in the hall, and we went straight up to the attic. Sure enough, there was the chest, a fine old piece, all studded with brass nails, and full to overflowing with every imaginable type of garment. Poirot bundled everything out on the floor with scant ceremony. There were one or two green fabrics of varying shades; but Poirot shook his head over them all. He seemed somewhat apathetic in the search, as though he expected no great results from it. Suddenly he gave an exclamation. "What is it?" "Look!" The chest was nearly empty, and there, reposing right at the bottom, was a magnificent black beard. "_Ohó!_" said Poirot. "_Ohó!_" He turned it over in his hands, examining it closely. "New," he remarked. "Yes, quite new." After a moment's hesitation, he replaced it in the chest, heaped all the other things on top of it as before, and made his way briskly downstairs. He went straight to the pantry, where we found Dorcas busily polishing her silver. Poirot wished her good morning with Gallic politeness, and went on: "We have been looking through that chest, Dorcas. I am much obliged to you for mentioning it. There is, indeed, a fine collection there. Are they often used, may I ask?" "Well, sir, not very often nowadays, though from time to time we do have what the young gentlemen call ‘a dress-up night.' And very funny it is sometimes, sir. Mr. Lawrence, he's wonderful. Most comic! I shall never forget the night he came down as the Char of Persia, I think he called it—a sort of Eastern King it was. He had the big paper knife in his hand, and ‘Mind, Dorcas,' he says, ‘you'll have to be very respectful. This is my specially sharpened scimitar, and it's off with your head if I'm at all displeased with you!' Miss Cynthia, she was what they call an Apache, or some such name—a Frenchified sort of cut-throat, I take it to be. A real sight she looked. You'd never have believed a pretty young lady like that could have made herself into such a ruffian. Nobody would have known her." "These evenings must have been great fun," said Poirot genially. "I suppose Mr. Lawrence wore that fine black beard in the chest upstairs, when he was Shah of Persia?" "He did have a beard, sir," replied Dorcas, smiling. "And well I know it, for he borrowed two skeins of my black wool to make it with! And I'm sure it looked wonderfully natural at a distance. I didn't know as there was a beard up there at all. It must have been got quite lately, I think. There was a red wig, I know, but nothing else in the way of hair. Burnt corks they use mostly—though ‘tis messy getting it off again. Miss Cynthia was a nigger once, and, oh, the trouble she had." "So Dorcas knows nothing about that black beard," said Poirot thoughtfully, as we walked out into the hall again. "Do you think it is _the_ one?" I whispered eagerly. Poirot nodded. "I do. You notice it had been trimmed?" "No." "Yes. It was cut exactly the shape of Mr. Inglethorp's, and I found one or two snipped hairs. Hastings, this affair is very deep." "Who put it in the chest, I wonder?" "Someone with a good deal of intelligence," remarked Poirot dryly. "You realize that he chose the one place in the house to hide it where its presence would not be remarked? Yes, he is intelligent. But we must be more intelligent. We must be so intelligent that he does not suspect us of being intelligent at all." I acquiesced. "There, _mon ami_, you will be of great assistance to me." I was pleased with the compliment. There had been times when I hardly thought that Poirot appreciated me at my true worth. "Yes," he continued, staring at me thoughtfully, "you will be invaluable." This was naturally gratifying, but Poirot's next words were not so welcome. "I must have an ally in the house," he observed reflectively. "You have me," I protested. "True, but you are not sufficient." I was hurt, and showed it. Poirot hurried to explain himself. "You do not quite take my meaning. You are known to be working with me. I want somebody who is not associated with us in any way." "Oh, I see. How about John?" "No, I think not." "The dear fellow isn't perhaps very bright," I said thoughtfully. "Here comes Miss Howard," said Poirot suddenly. "She is the very person. But I am in her black books, since I cleared Mr. Inglethorp. Still, we can but try." With a nod that was barely civil, Miss Howard assented to Poirot's request for a few minutes' conversation. We went into the little morning-room, and Poirot closed the door. "Well, Monsieur Poirot," said Miss Howard impatiently, "what is it? Out with it. I'm busy." "Do you remember, mademoiselle, that I once asked you to help me?" "Yes, I do." The lady nodded. "And I told you I'd help you with pleasure—to hang Alfred Inglethorp." "Ah!" Poirot studied her seriously. "Miss Howard, I will ask you one question. I beg of you to reply to it truthfully." "Never tell lies," replied Miss Howard. "It is this. Do you still believe that Mrs. Inglethorp was poisoned by her husband?" "What do you mean?" she asked sharply. "You needn't think your pretty explanations influence me in the slightest. I'll admit that it wasn't he who bought strychnine at the chemist's shop. What of that? I dare say he soaked fly paper, as I told you at the beginning." "That is arsenic—not strychnine," said Poirot mildly. "What does that matter? Arsenic would put poor Emily out of the way just as well as strychnine. If I'm convinced he did it, it doesn't matter a jot to me _how_ he did it." "Exactly. _If_ you are convinced he did it," said Poirot quietly. "I will put my question in another form. Did you ever in your heart of hearts believe that Mrs. Inglethorp was poisoned by her husband?" "Good heavens!" cried Miss Howard. "Haven't I always told you the man is a villain? Haven't I always told you he would murder her in her bed? Haven't I always hated him like poison?" "Exactly," said Poirot. "That bears out my little idea entirely." "What little idea?" "Miss Howard, do you remember a conversation that took place on the day of my friend's arrival here? He repeated it to me, and there is a sentence of yours that has impressed me very much. Do you remember affirming that if a crime had been committed, and anyone you loved had been murdered, you felt certain that you would know by instinct who the criminal was, even if you were quite unable to prove it?" "Yes, I remember saying that. I believe it too. I suppose you think it nonsense?" "Not at all." "And yet you will pay no attention to my instinct against Alfred Inglethorp." "No," said Poirot curtly. "Because your instinct is not against Mr. Inglethorp." "What?" "No. You wish to believe he committed the crime. You believe him capable of committing it. But your instinct tells you he did not commit it. It tells you more—shall I go on?" She was staring at him, fascinated, and made a slight affirmative movement of the hand. "Shall I tell you why you have been so vehement against Mr. Inglethorp? It is because you have been trying to believe what you wish to believe. It is because you are trying to drown and stifle your instinct, which tells you another name— "No, no, no!" cried Miss Howard wildly, flinging up her hands. "Don't say it! Oh, don't say it! It isn't true! It can't be true. I don't know what put such a wild—such a dreadful—idea into my head!" "I am right, am I not?" asked Poirot. "Yes, yes; you must be a wizard to