The _Lusitania_ had been struck by two torpedoes in succession and was sinking rapidly, while the boats were being launched with all possible speed. The women and children were being lined up awaiting their turn. Some still clung desperately to husbands and fathers; others clutched their children closely to their breasts. One girl stood alone, slightly apart from the rest. She was quite young, not more than eighteen. She did not seem afraid, and her grave, steadfast eyes looked straight ahead. "I beg your pardon." A man\'s voice beside her made her start and turn. She had noticed the speaker more than once amongst the first-class passengers. There had been a hint of mystery about him which had appealed to her imagination. He spoke to no one. If anyone spoke to him he was quick to rebuff the overture. Also he had a nervous way of looking over his shoulder with a swift, suspicious glance. She noticed now that he was greatly agitated. There were beads of perspiration on his brow. He was evidently in a state of overmastering fear. And yet he did not strike her as the kind of man who would be afraid to meet death! "Yes?" Her grave eyes met his inquiringly. He stood looking at her with a kind of desperate irresolution. "It must be!" he muttered to himself. "Yes--it is the only way." Then aloud he said abruptly: "You are an American?" "Yes." "A patriotic one?" The girl flushed. "I guess you\'ve no right to ask such a thing! Of course I am!" "Don\'t be offended. You wouldn\'t be if you knew how much there was at stake. But I\'ve got to trust some one--and it must be a woman." "Why?" "Because of ‘women and children first.\'" He looked round and lowered his voice. "I\'m carrying papers--vitally important papers. They may make all the difference to the Allies in the war. You understand? These papers have _got_ to be saved! They\'ve more chance with you than with me. Will you take them?" The girl held out her hand. "Wait--I must warn you. There may be a risk--if I\'ve been followed. I don\'t think I have, but one never knows. If so, there will be danger. Have you the nerve to go through with it?" The girl smiled. "I\'ll go through with it all right. And I\'m real proud to be chosen! What am I to do with them afterwards?" "Watch the newspapers! I\'ll advertise in the personal column of the _Times_, beginning ‘Shipmate.\' At the end of three days if there\'s nothing--well, you\'ll know I\'m down and out. Then take the packet to the American Embassy, and deliver it into the Ambassador\'s own hands. Is that clear?" "Quite clear." "Then be ready--I\'m going to say good-bye." He took her hand in his. "Good-bye. Good luck to you," he said in a louder tone. Her hand closed on the oilskin packet that had lain in his palm. The _Lusitania_ settled with a more decided list to starboard. In answer to a quick command, the girl went forward to take her place in the boat. "TOMMY, old thing!" "Tuppence, old bean!" The two young people greeted each other affectionately, and momentarily blocked the Dover Street Tube exit in doing so. The adjective "old" was misleading. Their united ages would certainly not have totalled forty-five. "Not seen you for simply centuries," continued the young man. "Where are you off to? Come and chew a bun with me. We\'re getting a bit unpopular here--blocking the gangway as it were. Let\'s get out of it." The girl assenting, they started walking down Dover Street towards Piccadilly. "Now then," said Tommy, "where shall we go?" The very faint anxiety which underlay his tone did not escape the astute ears of Miss Prudence Cowley, known to her intimate friends for some mysterious reason as "Tuppence." She pounced at once. "Tommy, you\'re stony!" "Not a bit of it," declared Tommy unconvincingly. "Rolling in cash." "You always were a shocking liar," said Tuppence severely, "though you did once persuade Sister Greenbank that the doctor had ordered you beer as a tonic, but forgotten to write it on the chart. Do you remember?" Tommy chuckled. "I should think I did! Wasn\'t the old cat in a rage when she found out? Not that she was a bad sort really, old Mother Greenbank! Good old hospital--demobbed like everything else, I suppose?" Tuppence sighed. "Yes. You too?" Tommy nodded. "Two months ago." "Gratuity?" hinted Tuppence. "Spent." "Oh, Tommy!" "No, old thing, not in riotous dissipation. No such luck! The cost of living--ordinary plain, or garden living nowadays is, I assure you, if you do not know----" "My dear child," interrupted Tuppence, "there is nothing I do _not_ know about the cost of living. Here we are at Lyons\', and we will each of us pay for our own. That\'s it!" And Tuppence led the way upstairs. The place was full, and they wandered about looking for a table, catching odds and ends of conversation as they did so. "And--do you know, she sat down and _cried_ when I told her she couldn\'t have the flat after all." "It was simply a _bargain_, my dear! Just like the one Mabel Lewis brought from Paris----" "Funny scraps one does overhear," murmured Tommy. "I passed two Johnnies in the street to-day talking about some one called Jane Finn. Did you ever hear such a name?" But at that moment two elderly ladies rose and collected parcels, and Tuppence deftly ensconced herself in one of the vacant seats. Tommy ordered tea and buns. Tuppence ordered tea and buttered toast. "And mind the tea comes in separate teapots," she added severely. Tommy sat down opposite her. His bared head revealed a shock of exquisitely slicked-back red hair. His face was pleasantly ugly--nondescript, yet unmistakably the face of a gentleman and a sportsman. His brown suit was well cut, but perilously near the end of its tether. They were an essentially modern-looking couple as they sat there. Tuppence had no claim to beauty, but there was character and charm in the elfin lines of her little face, with its determined chin and large, wide-apart grey eyes that looked mistily out from under straight, black brows. She wore a small bright green toque over her black bobbed hair, and her extremely short and rather shabby skirt revealed a pair of uncommonly dainty ankles. Her appearance presented a valiant attempt at smartness. The tea came at last, and Tuppence, rousing herself from a fit of meditation, poured it out. "Now then," said Tommy, taking a large bite of bun, "let\'s get up-to-date. Remember, I haven\'t seen you since that time in hospital in 1916." "Very well." Tuppence helped herself liberally to buttered toast. "Abridged biography of Miss Prudence Cowley, fifth daughter of Archdeacon Cowley of Little Missendell, Suffolk. Miss Cowley left the delights (and drudgeries) of her home life early in the war and came up to London, where she entered an officers\' hospital. First month: Washed up six hundred and forty-eight plates every day. Second month: Promoted to drying aforesaid plates. Third month: Promoted to peeling potatoes. Fourth month: Promoted to cutting bread and butter. Fifth month: Promoted one floor up to duties of wardmaid with mop and pail. Sixth month: Promoted to waiting at table. Seventh month: Pleasing appearance and nice manners so striking that am promoted to waiting on the Sisters! Eighth month: Slight check in career. Sister Bond ate Sister Westhaven\'s egg! Grand row! Wardmaid clearly to blame! Inattention in such important matters cannot be too highly censured. Mop and pail again! How are the mighty fallen! Ninth month: Promoted to sweeping out wards, where I found a friend of my childhood in Lieutenant Thomas Beresford (bow, Tommy! ), whom I had not seen for five long years. The meeting was affecting! Tenth month: Reproved by matron for visiting the pictures in company with one of the patients, namely: the aforementioned Lieutenant Thomas Beresford. Eleventh and twelfth months: Parlourmaid duties resumed with entire success. At the end of the year left hospital in a blaze of glory. After that, the talented Miss Cowley drove successively a trade delivery van, a motor-lorry and a general! The last was the pleasantest. He was quite a young general!" "What blighter was that?" inquired Tommy. "Perfectly sickening the way those brass hats drove from  'It was late, and the place was thinning out. Tommy took a seat at the table next to them, sitting directly behind Whittington in case of recognition. On the other hand, he had a full view of the second man and studied him attentively. He was fair, with a weak, unpleasant face, and Tommy put him down as being either a Russian or a Pole. He was probably about fifty years of age, his shoulders cringed a little as he talked, and his eyes, small and crafty, shifted unceasingly. Having already lunched heartily, Tommy contented himself with ordering a Welsh rarebit and a cup of coffee. Whittington ordered a substantial lunch for himself and his companion; then, as the waitress withdrew, he moved his chair a little closer to the table and began to talk earnestly in a low voice. The other man joined in. Listen as he would, Tommy could only catch a word here and there; but the gist of it seemed to be some directions or orders which the big man was impressing on his companion, and with which the latter seemed from time to time to disagree. Whittington addressed the other as Boris. Tommy caught the word "Ireland" several times, also "propaganda," but of Jane Finn there was no mention. Suddenly, in a lull in the clatter of the room, he got one phrase entire. Whittington was speaking. "Ah, but you don\'t know Flossie. She\'s a marvel. An archbishop would swear she was his own mother. She gets the voice right every time, and that\'s really the principal thing." Tommy did not hear Boris\'s reply, but in response to it Whittington said something that sounded like: "Of course--only in an emergency...." Then he lost the thread again. But presently the phrases became distinct again whether because the other two had insensibly raised their voices, or because Tommy\'s ears were getting more attuned, he could not tell. But two words certainly had a most stimulating effect upon the listener. They were uttered by Boris and they were: "Mr. Brown." Whittington seemed to remonstrate with him, but he merely laughed. "Why not, my friend? It is a name most respectable--most common. Did he not choose it for that reason? Ah, I should like to meet him--Mr. Brown." There was a steely ring in Whittington\'s voice as he replied: "Who knows? You may have met him already." "Bah!" retorted the other. "That is children\'s talk--a fable for the police. Do you know what I say to myself sometimes? That he is a fable invented by the Inner Ring, a bogy to frighten us with. It might be so." "And it might not." "I wonder ... or is it indeed true that he is with us and amongst us, unknown to all but a chosen few? If so, he keeps his secret well. And the idea is a good one, yes. We never know. We look at each other-- _one of us is Mr. Brown_--which? He commands--but also he serves. Among us--in the midst of us. And no one knows which he is...." With an effort the Russian shook off the vagary of his fancy. He looked at his watch. "Yes," said Whittington. "We might as well go." He called the waitress and asked for his bill. Tommy did likewise, and a few moments later was following the two men down the stairs. Outside, Whittington hailed a taxi, and directed the driver to go to Waterloo. Taxis were plentiful here, and before Whittington\'s had driven off another was drawing up to the curb in obedience to Tommy\'s peremptory hand. "Follow that other taxi," directed the young man. "Don\'t lose it." The elderly chauffeur showed no interest. He merely grunted and jerked down his flag. The drive was uneventful. Tommy\'s taxi came to rest at the departure platform just after Whittington\'s. Tommy was behind him at the booking-office. He took a first-class single ticket to Bournemouth, Tommy did the same. As he emerged, Boris remarked, glancing up at the clock: "You are early. You have nearly half an hour." Boris\'s words had aroused a new train of thought in Tommy\'s mind. Clearly Whittington was making the journey alone, while the other remained in London. Therefore he was left with a choice as to which he would follow. Obviously, he could not follow both of them unless---- Like Boris, he glanced up at the clock, and then to the announcement board of the trains. The Bournemouth train left at 3.30. It was now ten past. Whittington and Boris were walking up and down by the bookstall. He gave one doubtful look at them, then hurried into an adjacent telephone box. He dared not waste time in trying to get hold of Tuppence. In all probability she was still in the neighbourhood of South Audley Mansions. But there remained another ally. He rang up the _Ritz_ and asked for Julius Hersheimmer. There was a click and a buzz. Oh, if only the young American was in his room! There was another click, and then "Hello" in unmistakable accents came over the wire. "That you, Hersheimmer? Beresford speaking. I\'m at Waterloo. I\'ve followed Whittington and another man here. No time to explain. Whittington\'s off to Bournemouth by the 3.30. Can you get there by then?" The reply was reassuring. "Sure. I\'ll hustle." The telephone rang off. Tommy put back the receiver with a sigh of relief. His opinion of Julius\'s power of hustling was high. He felt instinctively that the American would arrive in time. Whittington and Boris were still where he had left them. If Boris remained to see his friend off, all was well. Then Tommy fingered his pocket thoughtfully. In spite of the carte blanche assured to him, he had not yet acquired the habit of going about with any considerable sum of money on him. The taking of the first-class ticket to Bournemouth had left him with only a few shillings in his pocket. It was to be hoped that Julius would arrive better provided. In the meantime, the minutes were creeping by: 3.15, 3.20, 3.25, 3.27. Supposing Julius did not get there in time. 3.29.... Doors were banging. Tommy felt cold waves of despair pass over him. Then a hand fell on his shoulder. "Here I am, son. Your British traffic beats description! Put me wise to the crooks right away." "That\'s Whittington--there, getting in now, that big dark man. The other is the foreign chap he\'s talking to." "I\'m on to them. Which of the two is my bird?" Tommy had thought out this question. "Got any money with you?" Julius shook his head, and Tommy\'s face fell. "I guess I haven\'t more than three or four hundred dollars with me at the moment," explained the American. Tommy gave a faint whoop of relief. "Oh, Lord, you millionaires! You don\'t talk the same language! Climb aboard the lugger. Here\'s your ticket. Whittington\'s your man." "Me for Whittington!" said Julius darkly. The train was just starting as he swung himself aboard. "So long, Tommy." The train slid out of the station. Tommy drew a deep breath. The man Boris was coming along the platform towards him. Tommy allowed him to pass and then took up the chase once more. From Waterloo Boris took the tube as far as Piccadilly Circus. Then he walked up Shaftesbury Avenue, finally turning off into the maze of mean streets round Soho. Tommy followed him at a judicious distance. They reached at length a small dilapidated square. The houses there had a sinister air in the midst of their dirt and decay. Boris looked round, and Tommy drew back into the shelter of a friendly porch. The place was almost deserted. It was a cul-de-sac, and consequently no traffic passed that way. The stealthy way the other had looked round stimulated Tommy\'s imagination. From the shelter of the doorway he watched him go up the steps of a particularly evil-looking house and rap sharply, with a peculiar rhythm, on the door. It was opened promptly, he said a word or two to the doorkeeper, then passed inside. The door was shut to again. It was at this juncture that Tommy lost his head. What he ought to have done, what any sane man would have done, was to remain patiently where he was and wait for his man to come out again. What he  '"Oh!" Tuppence clasped her hands ecstatically. "All the same, as I said before, it\'s too bad of--of Carter to set you two babies on a job like this. Now, don\'t get offended, Miss--er----" "Cowley. Prudence Cowley. But my friends call me Tuppence." "Well, Miss Tuppence, then, as I\'m certainly going to be a friend. Don\'t be offended because I think you\'re young. Youth is a failing only too easily outgrown. Now, about this young Tommy of yours----" "Yes." Tuppence clasped her hands. "Frankly, things look bad for him. He\'s been butting in somewhere where he wasn\'t wanted. Not a doubt of it. But don\'t give up hope." "And you really will help us? There, Julius! He didn\'t want me to come," she added by way of explanation. "H\'m," said the lawyer, favouring Julius with another keen glance. "And why was that?" "I reckoned it would be no good worrying you with a petty little business like this." "I see." He paused a moment. "This petty little business, as you call it, bears directly on a very big business, bigger perhaps than either you or Miss Tuppence know. If this boy is alive, he may have very valuable information to give us. Therefore, we must find him." "Yes, but how?" cried Tuppence. "I\'ve tried to think of everything." Sir James smiled. "And yet there\'s one person quite near at hand who in all probability knows where he is, or at all events where he is likely to be." "Who is that?" asked Tuppence, puzzled. "Mrs. Vandemeyer." "Yes, but she\'d never tell us." "Ah, that is where I come in. I think it quite likely that I shall be able to make Mrs. Vandemeyer tell me what I want to know." "How?" demanded Tuppence, opening her eyes very wide. "Oh, just by asking her questions," replied Sir James easily. "That\'s the way we do it, you know." He tapped with his finger on the table, and Tuppence felt again the intense power that radiated from the man. "And if she won\'t tell?" asked Julius suddenly. "I think she will. I have one or two powerful levers. Still, in that unlikely event, there is always the possibility of bribery." "Sure. And that\'s where I come in!" cried Julius, bringing his fist down on the table with a bang. "You can count on me, if necessary, for one million dollars. Yes, sir, one million dollars!" Sir James sat down and subjected Julius to a long scrutiny. "Mr. Hersheimmer," he said at last, "that is a very large sum." "I guess it\'ll have to be. These aren\'t the kind of folk to offer sixpence to." "At the present rate of exchange it amounts to considerably over two hundred and fifty thousand pounds." "That\'s so. Maybe you think I\'m talking through my hat, but I can deliver the goods all right, with enough over to spare for your fee." Sir James flushed slightly. "There is no question of a fee, Mr. Hersheimmer. I am not a private detective." "Sorry. I guess I was just a mite hasty, but I\'ve been feeling bad about this money question. I wanted to offer a big reward for news of Jane some days ago, but your crusted institution of Scotland Yard advised me against it. Said it was undesirable." "They were probably right," said Sir James dryly. "But it\'s all O.K. about Julius," put in Tuppence. "He\'s not pulling your leg. He\'s got simply pots of money." "The old man piled it up in style," explained Julius. "Now, let\'s get down to it. What\'s your idea?" Sir James considered for a moment or two. "There is no time to be lost. The sooner we strike the better." He turned to Tuppence. "Is Mrs. Vandemeyer dining out to-night, do you know?" "Yes, I think so, but she will not be out late. Otherwise, she would have taken the latchkey." "Good. I will call upon her about ten o\'clock. What time are you supposed to return?" "About nine-thirty or ten, but I could go back earlier." "You must not do that on any account. It might arouse suspicion if you did not stay out till the usual time. Be back by nine-thirty. I will arrive at ten. Mr. Hersheimmer will wait below in a taxi perhaps." "He\'s got a new Rolls-Royce car," said Tuppence with vicarious pride. "Even better. If I succeed in obtaining the address from her, we can go there at once, taking Mrs. Vandemeyer with us if necessary. You understand?" "Yes." Tuppence rose to her feet with a skip of delight. "Oh, I feel so much better!" "Don\'t build on it too much, Miss Tuppence. Go easy." Julius turned to the lawyer. "Say, then. I\'ll call for you in the car round about nine-thirty. Is that right?" "Perhaps that will be the best plan. It would be unnecessary to have two cars waiting about. Now, Miss Tuppence, my advice to you is to go and have a good dinner, a _really_ good one, mind. And don\'t think ahead more than you can help." He shook hands with them both, and a moment later they were outside. "Isn\'t he a duck?" inquired Tuppence ecstatically, as she skipped down the steps. "Oh, Julius, isn\'t he just a duck?" "Well, I allow he seems to be the goods all right. And I was wrong about its being useless to go to him. Say, shall we go right away back to the _Ritz?_" "I must walk a bit, I think. I feel so excited. Drop me in the park, will you? Unless you\'d like to come too?" "I want to get some petrol," he explained. "And send off a cable or two." "All right. I\'ll meet you at the _Ritz_ at seven. We\'ll have to dine upstairs. I can\'t show myself in these glad rags." "Sure. I\'ll get Felix help me choose the menu. He\'s some head waiter, that. So long." Tuppence walked briskly along towards the Serpentine, first glancing at her watch. It was nearly six o\'clock. She remembered that she had had no tea, but felt too excited to be conscious of hunger. She walked as far as Kensington Gardens and then slowly retraced her steps, feeling infinitely better for the fresh air and exercise. It was not so easy to follow Sir James\'s advice, and put the possible events of the evening out of her head. As she drew nearer and nearer to Hyde Park corner, the temptation to return to South Audley Mansions was almost irresistible. At any rate, she decided, it would do no harm just to go and _look_ at the building. Perhaps, then, she could resign herself to waiting patiently for ten o\'clock. South Audley Mansions looked exactly the same as usual. What Tuppence had expected she hardly knew, but the sight of its red brick stolidity slightly assuaged the growing and entirely unreasonable uneasiness that possessed her. She was just turning away when she heard a piercing whistle, and the faithful Albert came running from the building to join her. Tuppence frowned. It was no part of the programme to have attention called to her presence in the neighbourhood, but Albert was purple with suppressed excitement. "I say, miss, she\'s a-going!" "Who\'s going?" demanded Tuppence sharply. "The crook. Ready Rita. Mrs. Vandemeyer. She\'s a-packing up, and she\'s just sent down word for me to get her a taxi." "What?" Tuppence clutched his arm. "It\'s the truth, miss. I thought maybe as you didn\'t know about it." "Albert," cried Tuppence, "you\'re a brick. If it hadn\'t been for you we\'d have lost her." Albert flushed with pleasure at this tribute. "There\'s no time to lose," said Tuppence, crossing the road. "I\'ve got to stop her. At all costs I must keep her here until----" She broke off. "Albert, there\'s a telephone here, isn\'t there?" The boy shook his head. "The flats mostly have their own, miss. But there\'s a box just round the corner." "Go to it then, at once, and ring up the _Ritz Hotel_. Ask for Mr. Hersheimmer, and when you get him tell him to get Sir James and come on at once, as Mrs. Vandemeyer is trying to hook it. If you can\'t get him, ring up Sir James Peel Edgerton, you\'ll find his number in the book, and tell him what\'s happening. You won\'t forget the names, will you?" Albert repeated  'It consisted of a loaf, some margarine, and a jug of coffee. "The living is not equal to the _Ritz_," he observed with a sigh. "But for what we are at last about to receive the Lord has made me truly thankful. Amen." He drew up a chair, and the girl turned away to the door. "Wait a sec," cried Tommy. "There are lots of things I want to ask you, Annette. What are you doing in this house? Don\'t tell me you\'re Conrad\'s niece, or daughter, or anything, because I can\'t believe it." "I do the _service_, monsieur. I am not related to anybody." "I see," said Tommy. "You know what I asked you just now. Have you ever heard that name?" "I have heard people speak of Jane Finn, I think." "You don\'t know where she is?" Annette shook her head. "She\'s not in this house, for instance?" "Oh no, monsieur. I must go now--they will be waiting for me." She hurried out. The key turned in the lock. "I wonder who ‘they\' are," mused Tommy, as he continued to make inroads on the loaf. "With a bit of luck, that girl might help me to get out of here. She doesn\'t look like one of the gang." At one o\'clock Annette reappeared with another tray, but this time Conrad accompanied her. "Good morning," said Tommy amiably. "You have _not_ used Pear\'s soap, I see." Conrad growled threateningly. "No light repartee, have you, old bean? There, there, we can\'t always have brains as well as beauty. What have we for lunch? Stew? How did I know? Elementary, my dear Watson--the smell of onions is unmistakable." "Talk away," grunted the man. "It\'s little enough time you\'ll have to talk in, maybe." The remark was unpleasant in its suggestion, but Tommy ignored it. He sat down at the table. "Retire, varlet," he said, with a wave of his hand. "Prate not to thy betters." That evening Tommy sat on the bed, and cogitated deeply. Would Conrad again accompany the girl? If he did not, should he risk trying to make an ally of her? He decided that he must leave no stone unturned. His position was desperate. At eight o\'clock the familiar sound of the key turning made him spring to his feet. The girl was alone. "Shut the door," he commanded. "I want to speak to you." She obeyed. "Look here, Annette, I want you to help me get out of this." She shook her head. "Impossible. There are three of them on the floor below." "Oh!" Tommy was secretly grateful for the information. "But you would help me if you could?" "No, monsieur." "Why not?" The girl hesitated. "I think--they are my own people. You have spied upon them. They are quite right to keep you here." "They\'re a bad lot, Annette. If you\'ll help me, I\'ll take you away from the lot of them. And you\'d probably get a good whack of money." But the girl merely shook her head. "I dare not, monsieur; I am afraid of them." She turned away. "Wouldn\'t you do anything to help another girl?" cried Tommy. "She\'s about your age too. Won\'t you save her from their clutches?" "You mean Jane Finn?" "Yes." "It is her you came here to look for? Yes?" "That\'s it." The girl looked at him, then passed her hand across her forehead. "Jane Finn. Always I hear that name. It is familiar." Tommy came forward eagerly. "You must know _something_ about her?" But the girl turned away abruptly. "I know nothing--only the name." She walked towards the door. Suddenly she uttered a cry. Tommy stared. She had caught sight of the picture he had laid against the wall the night before. For a moment he caught a look of terror in her eyes. As inexplicably it changed to relief. Then abruptly she went out of the room. Tommy could make nothing of it. Did she fancy that he had meant to attack her with it? Surely not. He rehung the picture on the wall thoughtfully. Three more days went by in dreary inaction. Tommy felt the strain telling on his nerves. He saw no one but Conrad and Annette, and the girl had become dumb. She spoke only in monosyllables. A kind of dark suspicion smouldered in her eyes. Tommy felt that if this solitary confinement went on much longer he would go mad. He gathered from Conrad that they were waiting for orders from "Mr. Brown." Perhaps, thought Tommy, he was abroad or away, and they were obliged to wait for his return. But the evening of the third day brought a rude awakening. It was barely seven o\'clock when he heard the tramp of footsteps outside in the passage. In another minute the door was flung open. Conrad entered. With him was the evil-looking Number 14. Tommy\'s heart sank at the sight of them. "Evenin\', gov\'nor," said the man with a leer. "Got those ropes, mate?" The silent Conrad produced a length of fine cord. The next minute Number 14\'s hands, horribly dexterous, were winding the cord round his limbs, while Conrad held him down. "What the devil----?" began Tommy. But the slow, speechless grin of the silent Conrad froze the words on his lips. Number 14 proceeded deftly with his task. In another minute Tommy was a mere helpless bundle. Then at last Conrad spoke: "Thought you\'d bluffed us, did you? With what you knew, and what you didn\'t know. Bargained with us! And all the time it was bluff! Bluff! You know less than a kitten. But your number\'s up now all right, you b---- swine." Tommy lay silent. There was nothing to say. He had failed. Somehow or other the omnipotent Mr. Brown had seen through his pretensions. Suddenly a thought occurred to him. "A very good speech, Conrad," he said approvingly. "But wherefore the bonds and fetters? Why not let this kind gentleman here cut my throat without delay?" "Garn," said Number 14 unexpectedly. "Think we\'re as green as to do you in here, and have the police nosing round? Not ‘alf! We\'ve ordered the carriage for your lordship to-morrow mornin\', but in the meantime we\'re not taking any chances, see!" "Nothing," said Tommy, "could be plainer than your words--unless it was your face." "Stow it," said Number 14. "With pleasure," replied Tommy. "You\'re making a sad mistake--but yours will be the loss." "You don\'t kid us that way again," said Number 14. "Talking as though you were still at the blooming _Ritz_, aren\'t you?" Tommy made no reply. He was engaged in wondering how Mr. Brown had discovered his identity. He decided that Tuppence, in the throes of anxiety, had gone to the police, and that his disappearance having been made public the gang had not been slow to put two and two together. The two men departed and the door slammed. Tommy was left to his meditations. They were not pleasant ones. Already his limbs felt cramped and stiff. He was utterly helpless, and he could see no hope anywhere. About an hour had passed when he heard the key softly turned, and the door opened. It was Annette. Tommy\'s heart beat a little faster. He had forgotten the girl. Was it possible that she had come to his help? Suddenly he heard Conrad\'s voice: "Come out of it, Annette. He doesn\'t want any supper to-night." "Oui, oui, je sais bien. But I must take the other tray. We need the things on it." "Well, hurry up," growled Conrad. Without looking at Tommy the girl went over to the table, and picked up the tray. She raised a hand and turned out the light. "Curse you"--Conrad had come to the door--"why did you do that?" "I always turn it out. You should have told me. Shall I relight it, Monsieur Conrad?" "No, come on out of it." "Le beau petit monsieur," cried Annette, pausing by the bed in the darkness. "You have tied him up well, _hein?_ He is like a trussed chicken!" The frank amusement in her tone jarred on the boy; but at that moment, to his amazement, he felt her hand running lightly over his bonds, and something small and cold was pressed into the palm of his hand. "Come on, Annette." "Mais me voilà." The door shut. Tommy heard Conrad say: "Lock it and  'And now--oh, he couldn\'t believe it--it couldn\'t be true! _Tuppence--dead!_ Little Tuppence, brimming over with life! It was a dream, a horrible dream. Nothing more. They brought him a note, a few kind words of sympathy from Peel Edgerton, who had read the news in the paper. (There had been a large headline: EX-V.A.D. FEARED DROWNED.) The letter ended with the offer of a post on a ranch in the Argentine, where Sir James had considerable interests. "Kind old beggar," muttered Tommy, as he flung it aside. The door opened, and Julius burst in with his usual violence. He held an open newspaper in his hand. "Say, what\'s all this? They seem to have got some fool idea about Tuppence." "It\'s true," said Tommy quietly. "You mean they\'ve done her in?" Tommy nodded. "I suppose when they got the treaty she--wasn\'t any good to them any longer, and they were afraid to let her go." "Well, I\'m darned!" said Julius. "Little Tuppence. She sure was the pluckiest little girl----" But suddenly something seemed to crack in Tommy\'s brain. He rose to his feet. "Oh, get out! You don\'t really care, damn you! You asked her to marry you in your rotten cold-blooded way, but I _loved_ her. I\'d have given the soul out of my body to save her from harm. I\'d have stood by without a word and let her marry you, because you could have given her the sort of time she ought to have had, and I was only a poor devil without a penny to bless himself with. But it wouldn\'t have been because I didn\'t care!" "See here," began Julius temperately. "Oh, go to the devil! I can\'t stand your coming here and talking about ‘little Tuppence.\' Go and look after your cousin. Tuppence is my girl! I\'ve always loved her, from the time we played together as kids. We grew up and it was just the same. I shall never forget when I was in hospital, and she came in in that ridiculous cap and apron! It was like a miracle to see the girl I loved turn up in a nurse\'s kit----" But Julius interrupted him. "A nurse\'s kit! Gee whiz! I must be going to Colney Hatch! I could swear I\'ve seen Jane in a nurse\'s cap too. And that\'s plumb impossible! No, by gum, I\'ve got it! It was her I saw talking to Whittington at that nursing home in Bournemouth. She wasn\'t a patient there! She was a nurse!" "I dare say," said Tommy angrily, "she\'s probably been in with them from the start. I shouldn\'t wonder if she stole those papers from Danvers to begin with." "I\'m darned if she did!" shouted Julius. "She\'s my cousin, and as patriotic a girl as ever stepped." "I don\'t care a damn what she is, but get out of here!" retorted Tommy also at the top of his voice. The young men were on the point of coming to blows. But suddenly, with an almost magical abruptness, Julius\'s anger abated. "All right, son," he said quietly, "I\'m going. I don\'t blame you any for what you\'ve been saying. It\'s mighty lucky you did say it. I\'ve been the most almighty blithering darned idiot that it\'s possible to imagine. Calm down"--Tommy had made an impatient gesture--"I\'m going right away now--going to the London and North Western Railway depot, if you want to know." "I don\'t care a damn where you\'re going," growled Tommy. As the door closed behind Julius, he returned to his suit-case. "That\'s the lot," he murmured, and rang the bell. "Take my luggage down." "Yes, sir. Going away, sir?" "I\'m going to the devil," said Tommy, regardless of the menial\'s feelings. That functionary, however, merely replied respectfully: "Yes, sir. Shall I call a taxi?" Tommy nodded. Where was he going? He hadn\'t the faintest idea. Beyond a fixed determination to get even with Mr. Brown he had no plans. He re-read Sir James\'s letter, and shook his head. Tuppence must be avenged. Still, it was kind of the old fellow. "Better answer it, I suppose." He went across to the writing-table. With the usual perversity of bedroom stationery, there were innumerable envelopes and no paper. He rang. No one came. Tommy fumed at the delay. Then he remembered that there was a good supply in Julius\'s sitting-room. The American had announced his immediate departure, there would be no fear of running up against him. Besides, he wouldn\'t mind if he did. He was beginning to be rather ashamed of the things he had said. Old Julius had taken them jolly well. He\'d apologize if he found him there. But the room was deserted. Tommy walked across to the writing-table, and opened the middle drawer. A photograph, carelessly thrust in face upwards, caught his eye. For a moment he stood rooted to the ground. Then he took it out, shut the drawer, walked slowly over to an arm-chair, and sat down still staring at the photograph in his hand. What on earth was a photograph of the French girl Annette doing in Julius Hersheimmer\'s writing-table? THE Prime Minister tapped the desk in front of him with nervous fingers. His face was worn and harassed. He took up his conversation with Mr. Carter at the point it had broken off. "I don\'t understand," he said. "Do you really mean that things are not so desperate after all?" "So this lad seems to think." "Let\'s have a look at his letter again." Mr. Carter handed it over. It was written in a sprawling boyish hand. "DEAR MR. CARTER, "Something\'s turned up that has given me a jar. Of course I may be simply making an awful ass of myself, but I don\'t think so. If my conclusions are right, that girl at Manchester was just a plant. The whole thing was prearranged, sham packet and all, with the object of making us think the game was up--therefore I fancy that we must have been pretty hot on the scent. "I think I know who the real Jane Finn is, and I\'ve even got an idea where the papers are. That last\'s only a guess, of course, but I\'ve a sort of feeling it\'ll turn out right. Anyhow, I enclose it in a sealed envelope for what it\'s worth. I\'m going to ask you not to open it until the very last moment, midnight on the 28th, in fact. You\'ll understand why in a minute. You see, I\'ve figured it out that those things of Tuppence\'s are a plant too, and she\'s no more drowned than I am. The way I reason is this: as a last chance they\'ll let Jane Finn escape in the hope that she\'s been shamming this memory stunt, and that once she thinks she\'s free she\'ll go right away to the cache. Of course it\'s an awful risk for them to take, because she knows all about them--but they\'re pretty desperate to get hold of that treaty. _But if they know that the papers have been recovered by us_, neither of those two girls\' lives will be worth an hour\'s purchase. I must try and get hold of Tuppence before Jane escapes. "I want a repeat of that telegram that was sent to Tuppence at the _Ritz_. Sir James Peel Edgerton said you would be able to manage that for me. He\'s frightfully clever. "One last thing--please have that house in Soho watched day and night. "Yours, etc., "THOMAS BERESFORD." The Prime Minister looked up. "The enclosure?" Mr. Carter smiled dryly. "In the vaults of the Bank. I am taking no chances." "You don\'t think"--the Prime Minister hesitated a minute--"that it would be better to open it now? Surely we ought to secure the document, that is, provided the young man\'s guess turns out to be correct, at once. We can keep the fact of having done so quite secret." "Can we? I\'m not so sure. There are spies all round us. Once it\'s known I wouldn\'t give that"--he snapped his fingers--"for the life of those two girls. No, the boy trusted me, and I shan\'t let him down." "Well, well, we must leave it at that, then. What\'s he like, this lad?" "Outwardly, he\'s an ordinary clean-limbed, rather block-headed young Englishman. Slow in his mental processes. On the other hand, it\'s quite impossible to lead him astray through  'But, even as he did so, he felt himself seized from behind in a grip of iron. The revolver was wrenched from his hand, and the voice of Julius Hersheimmer said drawlingly: "I guess you\'re caught redhanded with the goods upon you." The blood rushed to the K.C. \'s face, but his self-control was marvellous, as he looked from one to the other of his two captors. He looked longest at Tommy. "You," he said beneath his breath. "_You!_ I might have known." Seeing that he was disposed to offer no resistance, their grip slackened. Quick as a flash his left hand, the hand which bore the big signet ring, was raised to his lips.... "‘_Ave, Cæsar! te morituri salutant_,\'" he said, still looking at Tommy. Then his face changed, and with a long convulsive shudder he fell forward in a crumpled heap, whilst an odour of bitter almonds filled the air. THE supper party given by Mr. Julius Hersheimmer to a few friends on the evening of the 30th will long be remembered in catering circles. It took place in a private room, and Mr. Hersheimmer\'s orders were brief and forcible. He gave carte blanche--and when a millionaire gives carte blanche he usually gets it! Every delicacy out of season was duly provided. Waiters carried bottles of ancient and royal vintage with loving care. The floral decorations defied the seasons, and fruits of the earth as far apart as May and November found themselves miraculously side by side. The list of guests was small and select. The American Ambassador, Mr. Carter, who had taken the liberty, he said, of bringing an old friend, Sir William Beresford, with him, Archdeacon Cowley, Dr. Hall, those two youthful adventurers, Miss Prudence Cowley and Mr. Thomas Beresford, and last, but not least, as guest of honour, Miss Jane Finn. Julius had spared no pains to make Jane\'s appearance a success. A mysterious knock had brought Tuppence to the door of the apartment she was sharing with the American girl. It was Julius. In his hand he held a cheque. "Say, Tuppence," he began, "will you do me a good turn? Take this, and get Jane regularly togged up for this evening. You\'re all coming to supper with me at the _Savoy_. See? Spare no expense. You get me?" "Sure thing," mimicked Tuppence. "We shall enjoy ourselves. It will be a pleasure dressing Jane. She\'s the loveliest thing I\'ve ever seen." "That\'s so," agreed Mr. Hersheimmer fervently. His fervour brought a momentary twinkle to Tuppence\'s eye. "By the way, Julius," she remarked demurely, "I--haven\'t given you my answer yet." "Answer?" said Julius. His face paled. "You know--when you asked me to--marry you," faltered Tuppence, her eyes downcast in the true manner of the early Victorian heroine, "and wouldn\'t take no for an answer. I\'ve thought it well over----" "Yes?" said Julius. The perspiration stood on his forehead. Tuppence relented suddenly. "You great idiot!" she said. "What on earth induced you to do it? I could see at the time you didn\'t care a twopenny dip for me!" "Not at all. I had--and still have--the highest sentiments of esteem and respect--and admiration for you----" "H\'m!" said Tuppence. "Those are the kind of sentiments that very soon go to the wall when the other sentiment comes along! Don\'t they, old thing?" "I don\'t know what you mean," said Julius stiffly, but a large and burning blush overspread his countenance. "Shucks!" retorted Tuppence. She laughed, and closed the door, reopening it to add with dignity: "Morally, I shall always consider I have been jilted!" "What was it?" asked Jane as Tuppence rejoined her. "Julius." "What did he want?" "Really, I think, he wanted to see you, but I wasn\'t going to let him. Not until to-night, when you\'re going to burst upon every one like King Solomon in his glory! Come on! _We\'re going to shop!_" To most people the 29th, the much-heralded "Labour Day," had passed much as any other day. Speeches were made in the Park and Trafalgar Square. Straggling processions, singing the _Red Flag_, wandered through the streets in a more or less aimless manner. Newspapers which had hinted at a general strike, and the inauguration of a reign of terror, were forced to hide their diminished heads. The bolder and more astute among them sought to prove that peace had been effected by following their counsels. In the Sunday papers a brief notice of the sudden death of Sir James Peel Edgerton, the famous K.C., had appeared. Monday\'s paper dealt appreciatively with the dead man\'s career. The exact manner of his sudden death was never made public. Tommy had been right in his forecast of the situation. It had been a one-man show. Deprived of their chief, the organization fell to pieces. Kramenin had made a precipitate return to Russia, leaving England early on Sunday morning. The gang had fled from Astley Priors in a panic, leaving behind, in their haste, various damaging documents which compromised them hopelessly. With these proofs of conspiracy in their hands, aided further by a small brown diary taken from the pocket of the dead man which had contained a full and damning résumé of the whole plot, the Government had called an eleventh-hour conference. The Labour leaders were forced to recognize that they had been used as a cat\'s paw. Certain concessions were made by the Government, and were eagerly accepted. It was to be Peace, not War! But the Cabinet knew by how narrow a margin they had escaped utter disaster. And burnt in on Mr. Carter\'s brain was the strange scene which had taken place in the house in Soho the night before. He had entered the squalid room to find that great man, the friend of a lifetime, dead--betrayed out of his own mouth. From the dead man\'s pocket-book he had retrieved the ill-omened draft treaty, and then and there, in the presence of the other three, it had been reduced to ashes.... England was saved! And now, on the evening of the 30th, in a private room at the _Savoy_, Mr. Julius P. Hersheimmer was receiving his guests. Mr. Carter was the first to arrive. With him was a choleric-looking old gentleman, at sight of whom Tommy flushed up to the roots of his hair. He came forward. "Ha!" said the old gentleman, surveying him apoplectically. "So you\'re my nephew, are you? Not much to look at--but you\'ve done good work, it seems. Your mother must have brought you up well after all. Shall we let bygones be bygones, eh? You\'re my heir, you know; and in future I propose to make you an allowance--and you can look upon Chalmers Park as your home." "Thank you, sir, it\'s awfully decent of you." "Where\'s this young lady I\'ve been hearing such a lot about?" Tommy introduced Tuppence. "Ha!" said Sir William, eyeing her. "Girls aren\'t what they used to be in my young days." "Yes, they are," said Tuppence. "Their clothes are different, perhaps, but they themselves are just the same." "Well, perhaps you\'re right. Minxes then--minxes now!" "That\'s it," said Tuppence. "I\'m a frightful minx myself." "I believe you," said the old gentleman, chuckling, and pinched her ear in high good-humour. Most young women were terrified of the "old bear," as they termed him. Tuppence\'s pertness delighted the old misogynist. Then came the timid archdeacon, a little bewildered by the company in which he found himself, glad that his daughter was considered to have distinguished herself, but unable to help glancing at her from time to time with nervous apprehension. But Tuppence behaved admirably. She forbore to cross her legs, set a guard upon her tongue, and steadfastly refused to smoke. Dr. Hall came next, and he was followed by the American Ambassador. "We might as well sit down," said Julius, when he had introduced all his guests to each other. "Tuppence, will you----" He indicated the place of honour with a wave of his hand. But Tuppence shook her head. "No--that\'s Jane\'s place! When one thinks of how she\'s held out all these years, she ought to be made the queen of the feast to-night." Julius flung her a grateful glance, and Jane came forward shyly to the allotted seat. Beautiful as she had seemed before, it was as nothing to the loveliness that now went fully adorned. Tuppence had performed her  'He looked about fifty years of age, and his dark hair was plentifully streaked with grey. He was clean shaven with a long thin nose, and eyes set rather close together, and his skin was deeply bronzed, as that of a man who had spent most of his life beneath tropical skies. His lips were drawn back from his teeth and an expression of absolute amazement and terror was stamped on the livid features. "One can see by his face that he was stabbed in the back," remarked Poirot. Very gently, he turned the dead man over. There, between the shoulder-blades, staining the light fawn overcoat, was a round dark patch. In the middle of it there was a slit in the cloth. Poirot examined it narrowly. "Have you any idea with what weapon the crime was committed?" "It was left in the wound." The commissary reached down a large glass jar. In it was a small object that looked to me more like a paper-knife than anything else. It had a black handle, and a narrow shining blade. The whole thing was not more than ten inches long. Poirot tested the discoloured point gingerly with his finger tip. "_Ma foi!___ but it is sharp! A nice easy little tool for murder!" "Unfortunately, we could find no trace of fingerprints on it," remarked Bex regretfully. "The murderer must have worn gloves." "Of course he did," said Poirot contemptuously. "Even in Santiago they know enough for that. The veriest amateur of an English Mees knows it—thanks to the publicity the Bertillon system has been given in the Press. All the same, it interests me very much that there were no finger-prints. It is so amazingly simple to leave the finger-prints of some one else! And then the police are happy." He shook his head. "I very much fear our criminal is not a man of method—either that or he was pressed for time. But we shall see." He let the body fall back into its original position. "He wore only underclothes under his overcoat, I see," he remarked. "Yes, the examining magistrate thinks that is rather a curious point." At this minute there was a tap on the door which Bex had closed after him. He strode forward and opened it. Françoise was there. She endeavoured to peep in with ghoulish curiosity. "Well, what is it?" demanded Bex impatiently. "Madame. She sends a message that she is much recovered, and is quite ready to receive the examining magistrate." "Good," said M. Bex briskly. "Tell M. Hautet and say that we will come at once." Poirot lingered a moment, looking back towards the body. I thought for a moment that he was going to apostrophize it, to declare aloud his determination never to rest till he had discovered the murderer. But when he spoke, it was tamely and awkwardly, and his comment was ludicrously inappropriate to the solemnity of the moment. "He wore his overcoat very long," he said constrainedly. We found M. Hautet awaiting us in the hall, and we all proceeded upstairs together, Françoise marching ahead to show us the way. Poirot went up in a zigzag fashion which puzzled me, until he whispered with a grimace: "No wonder the servants heard M. Renauld mounting the stairs; not a board of them but creaks fit to wake the dead!" At the head of the staircase, a small passage branched off. "The servants\' quarters," explained Bex. We continued along a corridor, and Françoise tapped on the last door to the right of it. A faint voice bade us enter, and we passed into a large sunny apartment looking out towards the sea, which showed blue and sparkling about a quarter of a mile distant. On a couch, propped up with cushions, and attended by Dr. Durand, lay a tall, striking-looking woman. She was middle-aged, and her once dark hair was now almost entirely silvered, but the intense vitality and strength of her personality would have made itself felt anywhere. You knew at once that you were in the presence of what the French call "_une maitresse femme___." She greeted us with a dignified inclination of the head. "Pray be seated, monsieurs." We took chairs, and the magistrate\'s clerk established himself at a round table. "I hope, madame," began M. Hautet, "that it will not distress you unduly to relate to us what occurred last night?" "Not at all, monsieur. I know the value of time, if these scoundrelly assassins are to be caught and punished." "Very well, madame. It will fatigue you less, I think, if I ask you questions and you confine yourself to answering them. At what time did you go to bed last night?" "At half-past nine, monsieur. I was tired." "And your husband?" "About an hour later, I fancy." "Did he seem disturbed—upset in any way?" "No, not more than usual." "What happened then?" "We slept. I was awakened by a hand being pressed over my mouth. I tried to scream out, but the hand prevented me. There were two men in the room. They were both masked." "Can you describe them at all, madame?" "One was very tall, and had a long black beard, the other was short and stout. His beard was reddish. They both wore hats pulled down over their eyes." "H\'m," said the magistrate thoughtfully, "too much beard, I fear." "You mean they were false?" "Yes, madame. But continue your story." "It was the short man who was holding me. He forced a gag into my mouth, and then bound me with rope hand and foot. The other man was standing over my husband. He had caught up my little dagger paper-knife from the dressing-table and was holding it with the point just over his heart. When the short man had finished with me, he joined the other, and they forced my husband to get up and accompany them into the dressing-room next door. I was nearly fainting with terror, nevertheless I listened desperately. "They were speaking in too low a tone for me to hear what they said. But I recognized the language, a bastard Spanish such as is spoken in some parts of South America. They seemed to be demanding something from my husband, and presently they grew angry, and their voices rose a little. I think the tall man was speaking. ‘You know what we want!\' he said. ‘_The secret!___ Where is it?\' I do not know what my husband answered, but the other replied fiercely: ‘You lie! We know you have it. Where are your keys?\' "Then I heard sounds of drawers being pulled out. There is a safe on the wall of my husband\'s dressing-room in which he always keeps a fairly large amount of ready money. Léonie tells me this has been rifled and the money taken, but evidently what they were looking for was not there, for presently I heard the tall man, with an oath, command my husband to dress himself. Soon after that, I think some noise in the house must have disturbed them, for they hustled my husband out into my room only half dressed." "_Pardon___," interrupted Poirot, "but is there then no other egress from the dressing-room?" "No, monsieur, there is only the communicating door into my room. They hurried my husband through, the short man in front, and the tall man behind him with the dagger still in his hand. Paul tried to break away to come to me. I saw his agonized eyes. He turned to his captors. ‘I must speak to her,\' he said. Then, coming to the side of the bed, ‘It is all right, Eloise,\' he said. ‘Do not be afraid. I shall return before morning.\' But, although he tried to make his voice confident, I could see the terror in his eyes. Then they hustled him out of the door, the tall man saying: ‘One sound—and you are a dead man, remember.\' "After that," continued Mrs. Renauld, "I must have fainted. The next thing I recollect is Léonie rubbing my wrists, and giving me brandy." "Madame Renauld," said the magistrate, "had you any idea what it was for which the assassins were searching?" "None whatever, monsieur." "Had you any knowledge that your husband feared something?" "Yes. I had seen the change in him." "How long ago was that?" Mrs. Renauld reflected. "Ten days perhaps." "Not longer?"   '"Did M. Renauld take you into his confidence at all as to the dispositions of his will?" "I know all about it—took it to the lawyer for him after he\'d drawn it out. I can give you the name of his solicitors if you want to see it. They\'ve got it there. Quite simple. Half in trust to his wife for her lifetime, the other half to his son. A few legacies. I rather think he left me a thousand." "When was this will drawn up?" "Oh, about a year and a half ago." "Would it surprise you very much, M. Stonor, to hear that M. Renauld had made another will, less than a fortnight ago?" Stonor was obviously very much surprised. "I\'d no idea of it. What\'s it like?" "The whole of his vast fortune is left unreservedly to his wife. There is no mention of his son." Mr. Stonor gave vent to a prolonged whistle. "I call that rather rough on the lad. His mother adores him, of course, but to the world at large it looks rather like a want of confidence on his father\'s part. It will be rather galling to his pride. Still, it all goes to prove what I told you, that Renauld and his wife were on first rate terms." "Quite so, quite so," said M. Hautet. "It is possible we shall have to revise our ideas on several points. We have, of course, cabled to Santiago, and are expecting a reply from there any minute. In all possibility, everything will then be perfectly clear and straightforward. On the other hand, if your suggestion of blackmail is true, Madame Daubreuil ought to be able to give us valuable information." Poirot interjected a remark: "M. Stonor, the English chauffeur, Masters, had he been long with M. Renauld?" "Over a year?" "Have you any idea whether he has ever been in South America?" "I\'m quite sure he hasn\'t. Before coming to Mr. Renauld, he had been for many years with some people in Gloucestershire whom I know well." "In fact, you can answer for him as being above suspicion?" "Absolutely." Poirot seemed somewhat crest-fallen. Meanwhile the magistrate had summoned Marchaud. "My compliments to Madame Renauld, and I should be glad to speak to her for a few minutes. Beg her not to disturb herself. I will wait upon her upstairs." Marchaud saluted and disappeared. We waited some minutes, and then, to our surprise, the door opened, and Mrs. Renauld, deathly pale in her heavy mourning, entered the room. M. Hautet brought forward a chair, uttering vigorous protestations, and she thanked him with a smile. Stonor was holding one hand of hers in his with an eloquent sympathy. Words evidently failed him. Mrs. Renauld turned to M. Hautet. "You wished to ask me something, M. le juge." "With your permission, madame. I understand your husband was a French Canadian by birth. Can you tell me anything of his youth, or upbringing?" She shook her head. "My husband was always very reticent about himself, monsieur. He came from the North West, I know, but I fancy that he had an unhappy childhood, for he never cared to speak of that time. Our life was lived entirely in the present and the future." "Was there any mystery in his past life?" Mrs. Renauld smiled a little, and shook her head. "Nothing so romantic, I am sure, M. le juge." M. Hautet also smiled. "True, we must not permit ourselves to get melodramatic. There is one thing more  he hesitated. Stonor broke in impetuously: "They\'ve got an extraordinary idea into their heads Mrs. Renauld. They actually fancy that Mr. Renauld was carrying on an intrigue with a Madame Daubreuil who, it seems, lives next door." The scarlet colour flamed into Mrs. Renauld\'s cheeks. She flung her head up, then bit her lip, her face quivering. Stonor stood looking at her in astonishment, but M. Bex leaned forward and said gently: "We regret to cause you pain, madame, but have you any reason to believe that Madame Daubreuil was your husband\'s mistress?" With a sob of anguish, Mrs. Renauld buried her face in her hands. Her shoulders heaved convulsively. At last she lifted her head, and said brokenly: "She may have been." Never, in all my life, have I seen anything to equal the blank amazement on Stonor\'s face. He was thoroughly taken aback. What the next development of the conversation would have been, I cannot say, for at that moment the door was thrown violently open, and a tall young man strode into the room. Just for a moment I had the uncanny sensation that the dead man had come to life again. Then I realized that this dark head was untouched with grey, and that, in point of fact, it was a mere boy who now burst in among us with so little ceremony. He went straight to Mrs. Renauld with an impetuosity that took no heed of the presence of others. "Mother!" "Jack!" With a cry she folded him in her arms. "My dearest! But what brings you here? You were to sail on the _Anzora___ from Cherbourg two days ago?" Then, suddenly recalling to herself the presence of others, she turned with a certain dignity, "My son, messieurs." "Aha!" said M. Hautet, acknowledging the young man\'s bow. "So you did not sail on the _Anzora?___" "No, monsieur. As I was about to explain, the _Anzora___ was detained twenty-four hours through engine trouble. I should have sailed last night instead of the night before, but, happening to buy an evening paper, I saw in it an account of the—the awful tragedy that had befallen us  His voice broke and the tears came into his eyes. "My poor father—my poor, poor, father." Staring at him like one in a dream, Mrs. Renauld repeated: "So you did not sail?" And then, with a gesture of infinite weariness, she murmured as though to herself, "After all, it does not matter—now." "Sit down, M. Renauld, I beg of you," said M. Hautet, indicating a chair. "My sympathy for you is profound. It must have been a terrible shock to you to learn the news as you did. However, it is most fortunate that you were prevented from sailing. I am in hopes that you may be able to give us just the information we need to clear up this mystery." "I am at your disposal, M. le juge. Ask me any questions you please." "To begin with, I understand that this journey was being undertaken at your father\'s request?" "Quite so, M. le juge. I received a telegram bidding me to proceed without delay to Buenos Ayres, and from thence via the Andes to Valparaiso and on to Santiago." "Ah. And the object of this journey?" "I have no idea, M. le juge." "What?" "No. See, here is the telegram." The magistrate took it and read it aloud. " ‘Proceed immediately Cherbourg embark _Anzora___ sailing tonight Buenos Ayres. Ultimate destination Santiago. Further instructions will await you Buenos Ayres. Do not fail. Matter is of utmost importance. Renauld.\' And there had been no previous correspondence on the matter?" Jack Renauld shook his head. "That is the only intimation of any kind. I knew, of course, that my father, having lived so long out there, had necessarily many interests in South America. But he had never mooted any suggestion of sending me out." "You have, of course, been a good deal in South America, M. Renauld?" "I was there as a child. But I was educated in England, and spent most of my holidays in that country, so I really know far less of South America than might be supposed. You see, the war broke out when I was seventeen." "You served in the English Flying Corps, did you not?" "Yes, M. le juge." M. Hautet nodded his head, and proceeded with his inquiries along the, by now, well-known lines. In response, Jack Renauld declared definitely that he knew nothing of any enmity his father might have incurred in the city of Santiago, or elsewhere in the South American continent, that he had noticed no change in his father\'s manner of late, and that he had never heard him refer to a secret. He had regarded the mission to South America as connected with business interests. As M. Hautet paused for  'The Russian Grand Duke, the court intrigues, and the political schemes—all the stories current were traced back to—the lady herself! From her brain had emanated these ingenious myths, and she was proved to have raised a considerable sum of money from various credulous persons by her fiction of the "Crown jewels"—the jewels in question being found to be mere paste imitations. Remorselessly the whole story of her life was laid bare. The motive for the murder was found in Mr. Hiram P. Trapp. Mr. Trapp did his best, but relentlessly and agilely cross-questioned he was forced to admit that he loved the lady, and that, had she been free, he would have asked her to be his wife. The fact that the relations between them were admittedly platonic strengthened the case against the accused. Debarred from becoming his mistress by the simple honourable nature of the man, Jeanne Beroldy had conceived the monstrous project of ridding herself of her elderly undistinguished husband, and becoming the wife of the rich American. Throughout, Madame Beroldy confronted her accusers with complete sang froid and self possession. Her story never varied. She continued to declare strenuously that she was of royal birth, and that she had been substituted for the daughter of the fruit seller at an early age. Absurd and completely unsubstantiated as these statements were, a great number of people believed implicitly in their truth. But the prosecution was implacable. It denounced the masked "Russians" as a myth, and asserted that the crime had been committed by Madame Beroldy and her lover, Georges Conneau. A warrant was issued for the arrest of the latter, but he had wisely disappeared. Evidence showed that the bonds which secured Madame Beroldy were so loose that she could easily have freed herself. And then, towards the close of the trial, a letter, posted in Paris, was sent to the Public Prosecutor. It was from Georges Conneau and, without revealing his whereabouts, it contained a full confession of the crime. He declared that he had indeed struck the fatal blow at Madame Beroldy\'s instigation. The crime had been planned between them. Believing that her husband ill-treated her, and maddened by his own passion for her, a passion which he believed her to return, he had planned the crime and struck the fatal blow that should free the woman he loved from a hateful bondage. Now, for the first time, he learnt of Mr. Hiram P. Trapp, and realized that the woman he loved had betrayed him! Not for his sake did she wish to be free—but in order to marry the wealthy American. She had used him as a cat\'s-paw, and now, in his jealous rage, he turned and denounced her, declaring that throughout he had acted at her instigation. And then Madame Beroldy proved herself the remarkable woman she undoubtedly was. Without hesitation, she dropped her previous defence, and admitted that the "Russians" were a pure invention on her part. The real murderer was Georges Conneau. Maddened by passion, he had committed the crime, vowing that if she did not keep silence he would enact a terrible vengeance from her. Terrified by his threats, she had consented—also fearing it likely that if she told the truth she might be accused of conniving at the crime. But she had steadfastly refused to have anything more to do with her husband\'s murderer, and it was in revenge for this attitude on her part that he had written this letter accusing her. She swore solemnly that she had had nothing to do with the planning of the crime, that she had awoke on that memorable night to find Georges Conneau standing over her, the blood-stained knife in his hand. It was a touch and go affair. Madame Beroldy\'s story was hardly credible. But this woman, whose fairy tales of royal intrigues had been so easily accepted, had the supreme art of making herself believed. Her address to the jury was a masterpiece. The tears streaming down her face, she spoke of her child, of her woman\'s honour—of her desire to keep her reputation untarnished for the child\'s sake. She admitted that, Georges Conneau having been her lover, she might perhaps be held morally responsible for the crime—but, before God, nothing more! She knew that she had committed a grave fault in not denouncing Conneau to the law, but she declared in a broken voice that that was a thing no woman could have done. … She had loved him! Could she let her hand be the one to send him to the Guillotine? She had been guilty of much, but she was innocent of the terrible crime imputed to her. However that may have been, her eloquence and personality won the day. Madame Beroldy, amidst a scene of unparalleled excitement, was acquitted. Despite the utmost endeavours of the police, Georges Conneau was never traced. As for Madame Beroldy, nothing more was heard of her. Taking the child with her, she left Paris to begin a new life. I have set down the Beroldy case in full. Of course all the details did not present themselves to my memory as I have recounted them here. Nevertheless, I recalled the case fairly accurately. It had attracted a great deal of interest at the time, and had been fully reported by the English papers, so that it did not need much effort of memory on my part to recollect the salient details. Just for the moment, in my excitement, it seemed to clear up the whole matter. I admit that I am impulsive, and Poirot deplores my custom of jumping to conclusions, but I think I had some excuse in this instance. The remarkable way in which this discovery justified Poirot\'s point of view struck me at once. "Poirot," I said, "I congratulate you. I see everything now." "If that is indeed the truth, _I___ congratulate _you___, _mon ami___. For as a rule you are not famous for seeing—eh, is it not so?" I felt a little annoyed. "Come now, don\'t rub it in. You\'ve been so confoundedly mysterious all along with your hints and your insignificant details that any one might fail to see what you were driving at." Poirot lit one of his little cigarettes with his usual precision. Then he looked up. "And since you see everything now, _mon ami___, what exactly is it that you see?" "Why, that it was Madame Daubreuil—Beroldy, who murdered Mr. Renauld. The similarity of the two cases proves that beyond a doubt." "Then you consider that Madame Beroldy was wrongly acquitted? That in actual fact she was guilty of connivance in her husband\'s murder?" I opened my eyes wide. "But of course! Don\'t you?" Poirot walked to the end of the room, absentmindedly straightened a chair, and then said thoughtfully. "Yes, that is my opinion. But there is no ‘of course\' about it, my friend. Technically speaking, Madame Beroldy is innocent." "Of that crime, perhaps. But not of this." Poirot sat down again, and regarded me, his thoughtful air more marked than ever. "So it is definitely your opinion, Hastings, that Madame Daubreuil murdered M. Renauld?" "Yes." "Why?" He shot the question at me with such suddenness that I was taken aback. "Why?" I stammered. "Why? Oh, because  I came to a stop. Poirot nodded his head at me. "You see, you come to a stumbling-block at once. Why should Madame Daubreuil (I shall call her that for clearness sake) murder M. Renauld? We can find no shadow of a motive. She does not benefit by his death; considered as either mistress or blackmailer she stands to lose. You cannot have a murder without a motive. The first crime was different, there we had a rich lover waiting to step into her husband\'s shoes." "Money is not the only motive for murder," I objected. "True," agreed Poirot placidly. "There are two others, the _crime passionnel___ is one. And there is the third rare motive, murder for an idea which implies some form of mental derangement on the part of the murderer. Homicidal mania, and religious fanaticism belong to that class. We can rule it out here." "But what about the _crime passionnel?___ Can you rule that out? If Madame Daubreuil was Renauld\'s mistress, if she found that his affection was cooling, or if her jealousy was aroused in any way, might she  'I retired to rest that night on a note of triumph, but I awoke to realize that I was by no means out of the wood. True, I could see no flaw in the alibi I had so suddenly conceived. I had but to stick to my story, and I failed to see how Bella could be convicted in face of it. It was not as though there was any old friendship between us that could be raked up, and which might lead them to suspect that I was committing perjury. It could be proved that in actual fact I had only seen the girl on three occasions. No, I was still satisfied with my idea—had not even Poirot admitted that it defeated him? But there I felt the need of treading warily. All very well for my little friend to admit himself momentarily nonplussed. I had far too much respect for his abilities to conceive of him as being content to remain in that position. I had a very humble opinion of my wits when it came to matching them against his. Poirot would not take defeat lying down. Somehow or other, he would endeavour to turn the tables on me, and that in the way, and at the moment, when I least expected it. We met at breakfast the following morning as though nothing had happened. Poirot\'s good temper was imperturbable, yet I thought I detected a film of reserve in his manner which was new. After breakfast, I announced my intention of going out for a stroll. A malicious gleam shot through Poirot\'s eyes. "If it is information you seek, you need not be at the pains of deranging yourself. I can tell you all you wish to know. The Dulcibella Sisters have cancelled their contract, and have left Coventry for an unknown destination." "Is that really so, Poirot?" "You can take it from me, Hastings. I made inquiries the first thing this morning. After all, what else did you expect?" True enough, nothing else could be expected under the circumstances. Cinderella had profited by the slight start I had been able to assure her, and would certainly not lose a moment in removing herself from the reach of the pursuer. It was what I had intended and planned. Nevertheless, I was aware of being plunged into a network of fresh difficulties. I had absolutely no means of communicating with the girl, and it was vital that she should know the line of defence that had occurred to me, and which I was prepared to carry out. Of course it was possible that she might try to send word to me in some way or another, but I hardly thought it likely. She would know the risk she ran of a message being intercepted by Poirot, thus setting him on her track once more. Clearly her only course was to disappear utterly for the time being. But, in the meantime, what was Poirot doing? I studied him attentively. He was wearing his most innocent air, and staring meditatively into the far distance. He looked altogether too placid and supine to give me reassurance. I had learned, with Poirot, that the less dangerous he looked, the more dangerous he was. His quiescence alarmed me. Observing a troubled quality in my glance, he smiled benignantly. "You are puzzled, Hastings? You ask yourself why I do not launch myself in pursuit?" "Well—something of the kind." "It is what you would do, were you in my place. I understand that. But I am not of those who enjoy rushing up and down a country seeking a needle in a haystack, as you English say. No—let Mademoiselle Bella Duveen go. Without doubt, I shall be able to find her when the time comes. Until then, I am content to wait." I stared at him doubtfully. Was he seeking to mislead me? I had an irritating feeling that, even now, he was master of the situation. My sense of superiority was gradually waning. I had contrived the girl\'s escape, and evolved a brilliant scheme for saving her from the consequences of her rash act—but I could not rest easy in my mind. Poirot\'s perfect calm awakened a thousand apprehensions. "I suppose, Poirot," I said rather diffidently, "I mustn\'t ask what your plans are? I\'ve forfeited the right." "But not at all. There is no secret about them. We return to France without delay." "_We?___" "Precisely—‘_we!___\' You know very well that you cannot afford to let Papa Poirot out of your sight. Eh, is it not so, my friend? But remain in England by all means if you wish  I shook my head. He had hit the nail on the head. I could not afford to let him out of my sight. Although I could not expect his confidence after what had happened, I could still check his actions. The only danger to Bella lay with him. Giraud and the French police were indifferent to her existence. At all costs I must keep near Poirot. Poirot observed me attentively as these reflections passed through my mind, and gave a nod of satisfaction. "I am right, am I not? And as you are quite capable of trying to follow me, disguised with some absurdity such as a false beard—which every one would perceive, _bien entendu___—I much prefer that we should voyage together. It would annoy me greatly that any one should mock themselves at you." "Very well, then. But it\'s only fair to warn you  "I know—I know all. You are my enemy! Be my enemy then. It does not worry me at all." "So long as it\'s all fair and above-board, I don\'t mind." "You have to the full the English passion for ‘fair-play!\' Now your scruples are satisfied, let us depart immediately. There is no time to be lost. Our stay in England has been short but sufficient. I know—what I wanted to know." The tone was light, but I read a veiled menace into the words. "Still  I began, and stopped. "Still—as you say! Without doubt you are satisfied with the part you are playing. Me, I preoccupy myself with Jack Renauld." Jack Renauld! The words gave me a start. I had completely forgotten that aspect of the case. Jack Renauld, in prison, with the shadow of the guillotine looming over him! I saw the part I was playing in a more sinister light. I could save Bella—yes, but in doing so I ran the risk of sending an innocent man to his death. I pushed the thought from me with horror. It could not be. He would be acquitted. Certainly he would be acquitted! But the cold fear came back. Suppose he were not? What then? Could I have it on my conscience—horrible thought! Would it come to that in the end? A decision. Bella or Jack Renauld? The promptings of my heart were to save the girl I loved at any cost to myself. But, if the cost were to another, the problem was altered. What would the girl herself say? I remembered that no word of Jack Renauld\'s arrest had passed my lips. As yet she was in total ignorance of the fact that her former lover was in prison charged with a hideous crime which he had not committed. When she knew, how would she act? Would she permit her life to be saved at the expense of his? Certainly she must do nothing rash. Jack Renauld might, and probably would, be acquitted without any intervention on her part. If so, good. But if he was not. … That was the terrible, the unanswerable problem. I fancied that she ran no risk of the extreme penalty. The circumstances of the crime were quite different in her case. She could plead jealousy and extreme provocation, and her youth and beauty would go for much. The fact that by a tragic mistake it was old Mr. Renauld, and not his son, who paid the penalty would not alter the motive of the crime. But in any case, however lenient the sentence of the Court, it must mean a long term of imprisonment. No, Bella must be protected. And, at the same time, Jack Renauld must be saved. How this was to be accomplished I did not see clearly. But I pinned my faith to Poirot. He knew.   'She gave a sigh of relief. "Oh, no, he is dead all right. Killed in the war. He was a man who once—loved me." "In South Africa?" asked the Count negligently. "Yes, since you ask it, in South Africa." "That is your native country, is it not?" She nodded. Her visitor rose and reached for his hat. "Well," he remarked, "you know your own business best, but, if I were you, I should fear the ‘Colonel\' far more than any disillusioned lover. He is a man whom it is particularly easy to—underestimate." She laughed scornfully. "As if I did not know him after all these years!" "I wonder if you do?" he said softly. "I very much wonder if you do." "Oh, I am not a fool! And I am not alone in this. The South African mail-boat docks at Southampton to-morrow, and on board her is a man who has come specially from Africa at my request and who has carried out certain orders of mine. The ‘Colonel\' will have not one of us to deal with, but two." "Is that wise?" "It is necessary." "You are sure of this man?" A rather peculiar smile played over the dancer\'s face. "I am quite sure of him. He is inefficient, but perfectly trustworthy." She paused, and then added in an indifferent tone of voice: "As a matter of fact, he happens to be my husband." Everybody has been at me, right and left, to write this story from the great (represented by Lord Nasby) to the small (represented by our late maid of all work, Emily, whom I saw when I was last in England. "Lor\', miss, what a beyewtiful book you might make out of it all—just like the pictures!"). I\'ll admit that I\'ve certain qualifications for the task. I was mixed up in the affair from the very beginning, I was in the thick of it all through, and I was triumphantly "in at the death." Very fortunately, too, the gaps that I cannot supply from my own knowledge are amply covered by Sir Eustace Pedler\'s diary, of which he has kindly begged me to make use. So here goes. Anne Beddingfeld starts to narrate her adventures. I\'d always longed for adventures. You see, my life had such a dreadful sameness. My father, Professor Beddingfeld, was one of England\'s greatest living authorities on Primitive Man. He really was a genius—every one admits that. His mind dwelt in Palaeolithic times, and the inconvenience of life for him was that his body inhabited the modern world. Papa did not care for modern man—even Neolithic Man he despised as a mere herder of cattle, and he did not rise to enthusiasm until he reached the Mousterian period. Unfortunately one cannot entirely dispense with modern men. One is forced to have some kind of truck with butchers and bakers and milkmen and greengrocers. Therefore, Papa being immersed in the past, Mamma having died when I was a baby, it fell to me to undertake the practical side of living. Frankly, I hate Palaeolithic Man, be he Aurignacian, Mousterian, Chellian, or anything else, and though I typed and revised most of Papa\'s _Neanderthal Man and his Ancestors,_ Neanderthal men themselves fill me with loathing, and I always reflect what a fortunate circumstance it was that they became extinct in remote ages. I do not know whether Papa guessed my feelings on the subject, probably not, and in any case he would not have been interested. The opinion of other people never interested him in the slightest degree. I think it was really a sign of his greatness. In the same way, he lived quite detached from the necessities of daily life. He ate what was put before him in an exemplary fashion, but seemed mildly pained when the question of paying for it arose. We never seemed to have any money. His celebrity was not of the kind that brought in a cash return. Although he was a fellow of almost every important society, and had rows of letters after his name, the general public scarcely knew of his existence, and his long learned books, though adding signally to the sum-total of human knowledge, had no attraction for the masses. Only on one occasion did he leap into the public gaze. He had read a paper before some society on the subject of the young of the chimpanzee. The young of the human race show some anthropoid features, whereas the young of the chimpanzee approach more nearly to the human than the adult chimpanzee does. That seems to show that whereas our ancestors were more Simian than we are, the chimpanzee\'s were of a higher type than the present species—in other words, the chimpanzee is a degenerate. That enterprising newspaper, the _Daily Budget,_ being hard up for something spicy, immediately brought itself out with large headlines. "We are not descended from monkeys, but are monkeys descended from _us?_ Eminent Professor says chimpanzees are decadent humans." Shortly afterwards a reporter called to see Papa, and endeavoured to induce him to write a series of popular articles on the theory. I have seldom seen Papa so angry. He turned the reporter out of the house with scant ceremony, much to my secret sorrow, as we were particularly short of money at the moment. In fact, for a moment I meditated running after the young man and informing him that my father had changed his mind and would send the articles in question. I could easily have written them myself, and the probabilities were that Papa would never have learnt of the transaction, not being a reader of the _Daily Budget._ However, I rejected this course as being too risky, so I merely put on my best hat and went sadly down the village to interview our justly irate grocer. The reporter from the _Daily Budget_ was the only young man who ever came to our house. There were times when I envied Emily, our little servant, who "walked out" whenever occasion offered with a large sailor to whom she was affianced. In between times, to "keep her hand in" as she expressed it, she walked out with the greengrocer\'s young man, and the chemist\'s assistant. I reflected sadly that I had no one to "keep my hand in" with. All Papa\'s friends were aged Professors—usually with long beards. It is true that Professor Peterson once clasped me affectionately and said I had a "neat little waist" and then tried to kiss me. The phrase alone dated him hopelessly. No self-respecting female has had a "neat little waist" since I was in my cradle. I yearned for adventure, for love, for romance, and I seemed condemned to an existence of drab utility. The village possessed a lending library, full of tattered works of fiction, and I enjoyed perils and love-making at second hand, and went to sleep dreaming of stern, silent Rhodesians, and of strong men who always "felled their opponent with a single blow." There was no one in the village who even looked as though he could "fell" an opponent, with a single blow or with several. There was the Kinema too, with a weekly episode of "The Perils of Pamela." Pamela was a magnificent young woman. Nothing daunted her. She fell out of aeroplanes, adventured in submarines, climbed skyscrapers and crept about in the Underworld without turning a hair. She was not really clever, the Master Criminal of the Underworld caught her each time, but as he seemed loath to knock her on the head in a simple way, and always doomed her to death in a sewer-gas chamber or by some new and marvellous means, the hero was always able to rescue her at the beginning of the following week\'s episode. I used to come out with my head in a delirious whirl—and then I would get home and find a notice from the Gas Company threatening to cut us off if the outstanding account was not paid! And yet, though I did not suspect it, every moment was bringing adventure nearer to me. It is possible that there are many people in the world who have never heard of the finding of an antique skull at the Broken Hill Mine in Northern Rhodesia. I came down one morning to find Papa excited to the point of apoplexy. He poured out the