the _lusitania_ have be strike by two torpedo in succession and follow settle rapidly, while the boat be be launch with all possible speed. the woman and child be follow line up await their turn. some still cling desperately to husband and father; others clutch their child closely to their breast. one girl stand alone, slightly apart from the rest. she be quite young, not more than eighteen. she do not seem afraid, and her grave, steadfast eye look straight ahead. "i beg your pardon." a man's voice beside her make her start and turn. she have notice the speaker more than once amongst the low-class passenger. there have be a breath of mystery about him which give appeal to her imagination. he speak to no one. if anyone speak to him he be quick to rebuff the overture. also he have a nervous way of look over his shoulder with a swift, suspicious glance. she notice now that he be greatly agitate. there be bead of perspiration on his eyebrow. he be plainly in a state of overmaster care. and yet he do not strike her a the kind of man who would be afraid to see death! "yes?" her grave eye meet his inquiringly. he stand look at her with a kind of desperate irresolution. "it must be!" he mutter to himself. "yes--it be the only way." so aloud he say abruptly: "you be an american?" "yes." "a patriotic one?" the girl flush. "i guess you've no right to ask such a thing! of course i be!" "don't be offend. you wouldn't be if you recognize how much there be at stake. but i've get to trust some one--and it must be a woman." "why?" "because of 'women and child first.'" he appear round and lower his voice. "i'm carry paper--vitally significant paper. they may make all the difference to the ally in the war. you see? these paper let _got_ to follow save! they've more chance with you than with me. will you take them?" the girl declare out her hand. "wait--i must warn you. there may be a risk--if i've be follow. single don't think i have, but one never know. if so, there leave be danger. have you the nerve to go through with it?" the daughter smile. "i'll go through with it all powerful. and i'm real proud to be take! what be i to do with them afterwards?" "follow the newspaper! i'll advertise in the personal column of the _times_, begin 'shipmate.' at the end of three day if there's nothing--well, you'll know i'm down and out. then take the packet to the american embassy, and deliver it into the ambassador's own hand. be that clear?" "quite clear." "then follow ready--i'm go to say good-bye." he assume her hand in his. "good-bye. good fate to you," he say in a louder tone. her hand close on the oilskin packet that have lie in his palm. the _lusitania_ settle with a more decide number to starboard. in answer to a quick require, the girl go ahead to take her send in the boat. "tommy, old thing!" "tuppence, old bean!" the two young people greet each other affectionately, and momentarily block the dover street tube exit in do so. the adjective "old" be mislead. their unite age would certainly not have full forty-five. "not see you for simply century," continue the young man. "where be you off to? come and chew a bun with me. we're go a bite unpopular here--block the gangway a it be. let's get out of it." the girl acquiescence, they start walk down dover street towards piccadilly. "now so," say tommy, "where shall we go?" the really weak anxiety which underlay his shade come not escape the astute ear of miss prudence cowley, know to her intimate friend for some mysterious reason a "twopence." she pounce at once. "tommy, you're stony!" "not a bite of it," declare tommy unconvincingly. "roll in cash." "you always follow a shock liar," say tuppence severely, "though you do formerly persuade sister greenbank that the doctor have order you beer a a tonic, but forget to write it on the chart. do you remember?" tommy chuckle. "i should think i do! wasn't the old cat in a rage when she find out? not that she be a bad sort really, old mother greenbank! good old hospital--demob like everything else, i suppose?" tuppence sigh. "yes. you too?" tommy nod. "two month ago." "gratuity?" suggestion tuppence. "spend." "oh, tommy!" "no, former thing, not in riotous dissipation. no such luck! the cost of live--ordinary plain, or garden live nowadays be, single assure you, if you do not know----" "my dear child," interrupt tuppence, "there be nothing i make _not_ know near the cost of live. here we be at lyons', and we will each of u pay for our own. that's it!" and tuppence go the way upstairs. the place be full, and they wander about look for a table, haul odds and end of conversation a they do so. "and--do you know, she sit down and _cried_ when i say her she couldn't let the flat after all." "it be simply a _bargain_, my dear! just like the one mabel Carl_Lewis bring from paris----" "funny scrap one do overhear," murmur tommy. "i pas two johnny in the street to-day talk about some one call jane finn. do you ever hear such a appoint?" but at that moment two elderly madam rise and collect parcel, and tuppence deftly ensconce herself in one of the vacant seat. tommy order tea and bun. tuppence order tea and butter toast. "and mind the tea come in separate teapot," she add severely. tommy sit down opposite her. his bar head reveal a shock of exquisitely slick-back red hair. his face be pleasantly surly--nondescript, yet remarkably the face of a gentleman and a sportsman. his brown suit be well cut, but perilously near the end of it tether. they be an essentially modern-see couple a they sit there. tuppence have no claim to beauty, but there follow character and charm in the elfin line of her little face, with it determine chin and heavy, wide-apart grey eye that look mistily out from under straight, black brow. she wear a small bright green toque over her black bob hair, and her extremely short and rather shabby skirt reveal a pair of uncommonly prim ankle. her appearance present a valiant attempt at smartness. the tea come at final, and tuppence, rouse herself from a fit of meditation, pour it out. "now then," say tommy, acquire a large bite of bun, "let's get up-to-date. remember, single haven't see you since that time in hospital in 1916." "very well." tuppence help herself liberally to butter toast. "abridge biography of miss prudence cowley, fifth daughter of archdeacon cowley of little missendell, suffolk. drop cowley leave the delight (and drudgery) of her home life early in the war and come up to london, where she enter an officers' hospital. low month: wash up six hundred and forty-eight plat every day. second month: promote to dry aforesaid plat. third month: promote to peel potato. fourth month: promote to cut bread and butter. fifth month: promote one floor upward to duty of wardmaid with mop and pail. sixth month: promote to wait at table. seventh month: please appearance and nice manner so strike that be promote to expect on the baby! one-eighth month: slight check in career. baby bond eat sister westhaven's ball! grand course! wardmaid distinctly to blame! inattention in such authoritative matter cannot be too highly censure. mop and pail again! how be the mighty fall! one-ninth month: promote to swing out ward, where i find a friend of my childhood in lieutenant thomas beresford (bow, tommy! ), whom i get not see for five long year. the meet be affect! tenth month: reprove by matron for visit the visualize in company with one of the patient, namely: the aforementioned lieutenant thomas beresford. eleventh and one-twelfth month: parlourmaid duty resume with integral success. at the end of the year leave hospital in a blaze of glory. after that, the talented miss cowley aim successively a trade delivery van, a motor-lorry and a general! the last follow the pleasant. he be quite a young general!" "what blighter be that?" inquire tommy. "absolutely sicken the way those brass hat drive from the war office to the _savoy_, and from the _savoy_ to the war office!" "i've forget his name now," confess tuppence. "to resume, that be in a way the apex of my career. i next embark a government office. we have several very pleasurable tea party. i have intend to become a land girl, a postwoman, and a bus conductress by way of round off my career--but the armistice intervene! i cling to the office with the true limpet touch for many long month, but, ala, i be combing out at last. since then i've be look for a job. now then--your turn." "there's not so much promotion in mine," say tommy regretfully, "and a great deal le variety. i go out to france again, a you recognize. then they send me to mesopotamia, and i take wound for the second clip, and go into hospital out there. then i get stick in egypt till the armistice happen, kick my heel there some time longer, and, a i tell you, finally get demob. and, for ten long, weary month i've be job hunt! there aren't any job! and, if there be, they wouldn't give 'em to me. what good be i? what do i know about line? nothing." tuppence nod gloomily. "what about the colony?" she suggest. tommy shake his head. "i shouldn't like the colony--and i'm perfectly certain they wouldn't like me!" "rich relation?" again tommy shake his head. "oh, tommy, not even a great-aunt?" "i've get an old uncle who's more or le roll, but he's no good." "why not?" "want to assume me formerly. single refuse." "single think i remember hear about it," say tuppence slowly. "you refuse because of your fuss----" tommy flush. "yes, it would have be a bite rough on the mater. a you know, i be all she have. old boy hat her--want to get me away from her. just a bite of spite." "your mother's dead, isn't she?" say tuppence gently. tommy nod. tuppence's large grey heart reckon misty. "you're a good form, tommy. i ever know it." "rot!" say tommy hastily. "well, that's my position. i'm just about desperate." "so be single! i've hang out a long a i could. i've tout round. i've answer advertisement. i've try every mortal bless thing. i've screw and save and pinch! but it's no good. i shall have to go home!" "don't you want to?" "of course i don't want to! what's the good of be sentimental? father's a dear--i'm awfully fond of him--but you've no idea how single worry him! he have that delightful early victorian view that short skirt and smoke be immoral. you can imagine what a thorn in the flesh i be to him! he just heave a sigh of relief when the war assume me off. you see, there be seven of u at home. it's awful! all housework and mothers' match! i have ever follow the changeling. i don't want to go back, but--oh, tommy, what else follow there to make?" tommy shake his head sadly. there be a silence, and then tuppence volley out: "money, money, money! i think about money morning, noon and night! i dare say it's mercantile of me, but there it be!" "same here," agree tommy with feel. "i've think over every imaginable way of get it also," continue tuppence. "there be only three! to be give it, to marry it, or to make it. first be rule out. i haven't get whatever rich elderly relative. any relative i have be in home for decay gentlewoman! i always help old lady over cross, and pick up parcel for old gentleman, in case they should turn out to be eccentric millionaire. but not one of them have ever ask me my name--and quite a lot never say 'thank you.'" there be a pause. "of course," resume tuppence, "marriage be my best chance. i make up my mind to marry money when i be quite young. any think girl would! i'm not sentimental, you know." she pause. "come immediately, you can't say i'm sentimental," she add sharply. "certainly not," agree tommy hastily. "no one would always think of opinion in connection with you." "that's not very polite," reply tuppence. "but single dare say you mean it all correctly. well, there it be! i'm ready and will--but i never meet any rich world! all the son i know follow about a hard up a i be." "what about the general?" inquire tommy. "i fancy he save a bicycle shop in time of peace," explain tuppence. "no, there it be! now _you_ could marry a rich girl." "i'm like you. i don't know any." "that doesn't matter. you can always get to know one. now, if i see a man in a fur coat get out of the _ritz_ i can't rush up to him and say: 'look here, you're rich. i'd like to know you.'" "come you suggest that i should do that to a similarly garb female?" "don't be silly. you tread on her foot, or pick up her handkerchief, or something like that. if she think you want to know her she's flatter, and will manage it for you somehow." "you overrate my manly charm," murmur tommy. "on the other hand," proceed twopence, "my millionaire would plausibly go for his life! no--marriage follow fraught with difficulty. remain--to _make_ money!" "we've try that, and fail," tommy remind her. "we've try all the orthodox way, yes. but suppose we try the unorthodox. tommy, let's be adventurer!" "certainly," reply tommy cheerfully. "how do we begin?" "that's the difficulty. if we could make ourselves know, people might hire u to commit crime for them." "delightful," comment tommy. "especially come from a clergyman's daughter!" "the moral guilt," tuppence point out, "would be theirs--not mine. you must admit that there's a difference between steal a diamond necklace for yourself and be hire to steal it." "there wouldn't be the least difference if you follow catch!" "perhaps not. but i shouldn't be catch. i'm so clever." "modesty always follow your beset sin," remark tommy. "don't rag. look here, tommy, shall we really? shall we form a business partnership?" "form a company for the steal of diamond necklace?" "that be only an illustration. let's have a--what do you call it in book-keep?" "don't know. never do any." "i have--but i always get mix up, and use to put mention submission on the debit side, and vice versa--so they fire me out. oh, i know--a joint venture! it strike me a such a romantic phrase to come across in the middle of musty old figure. it's get an elizabethan flavour about it--make one think of galleon and doubloon. a joint speculation!" "craft under the name of the young adventurer, ltd.? be that your idea, twopence?" "it's all very well to laugh, but i feel there might be something in it." "how do you propose to get in equal with your would-be employer?" "advertisement," reply tuppence promptly. "have you develop a bite of paper and a pencil? men usually seem to have. just like we have hairpin and powder-puff." tommy hand over a rather shabby green notebook, and tuppence begin write busily. "shall we begin: 'young officer, twice wound in the war----'" "certainly not." "oh, very considerably, my dear boy. but i can ensure you that that sort of thing might touch the heart of an elderly spinster, and she might follow you, and then there would be no need for you to be a young adventurer at all." "i don't want to be adopt." "i forget you have a prejudice against it. i be only rag you! the paper be full up to the brim with that type of thing. now listen--how's this? 'two young adventurer for hire. will to do anything, go anywhere. pay must be good.' (we might a well make that clear from the start.) then we might add: 'no reasonable offer refused'--like flat and furniture." "i should believe any offer we get in answer to that would be a pretty _un_reasonable one!" "tommy! you're a star! that's ever so much more chic. 'no unreasonable offer refuse--if pay be good.' how's that?" "i shouldn't mention pay again. it look rather eager." "it couldn't look a eager a i feel! but possibly you be right. directly i'll take it directly through. 'two young adventurer for hire. will to do anything, go anywhere. pay must be good. no unreasonable offer refuse.' how would that strike you if you take it?" "it would strike me a either be a play_a_joke_on, or else write by a lunatic." "it's not half so insane a a thing i say this morning begin ‘petunia' and sign 'best boy.'" she tear out the leaf and hand it to tommy. "there you be. _times_, i think. reply to box so-and-so. i expect it will be about five shill. here's half a crown for my share." tommy be hold the paper thoughtfully. his confront burn a deeper red. "shall we really try it?" he say at last. "shall we, tuppence? just for the fun of the thing?" "tommy, you're a sport! i know you would be! let's drink to success." she pour some cold dreg of tea into the two cup. "here's to our joint venture, and may it prosper!" "the young adventurer, ltd.!" respond tommy. they put down the cup and laugh rather uncertainly. tuppence rise. "i must return to my palatial suite at the hostel." "perhaps it be time i stroll cycle to the _ritz_," agree tommy with a grin. "where shall we meet? and when?" "twelve o'clock to-morrow. piccadilly tube station. will that suit you?" "my time be my own," respond mr. beresford magnificently. "so long, then." "honorable-bye, old thing." the two young people go off in opposite direction. tuppence's hostel be situate in what be charitably call southern belgravia. for conclude of economy she do not take a bus. she be half-way across st. james's park, when a man's voice behind her make her start. "excuse me," it say. "but may i speak to you for a moment?" tuppence turn sharply, but the word hover on the tip of her tongue remain unspoken, for the man's appearance and manner do not bear out her first and most natural presumptuousness. she hesitate. a if he read her thought, the mankind say quickly: "i can assure you i mean no disrespect." tuppence believe him. although she dislike and distrust him instinctively, she be incline to acquit him of the particular motif which she have at first attribute to him. she look him up and down. he be a big man, clear shave, with a heavy jowl. his eye be small and cunning, and shift their glimpse under her direct stare. "well, what be it?" she ask. the man smile. "i find to overhear part of your conversation with the young gentleman in lyons'." "well--what of it?" "cipher--except that i think i may be of some use to you." another inference force itself into tuppence's mind: "you follow me here?" "i take that liberty." "and in what way do you think you could be of use to me?" the man acquire a card from his pocket and hand it to her with a bow. tuppence take it and scrutinize it carefully. it bore the inscription, "mr. edward whittington." below the name be the word "esthonia glassware co.," and the address of a metropolis office. mr. whittington speak again: "if you will call upon me to-morrow morning at eleven o'clock, i will lay the detail of my proposition before you." "at eleven o'clock?" say tuppence doubtfully. "at eleven o'clock." tuppence make up her mind. "really well. i'll be there." "thank you. good even." he raise his hat with a flourish, and walk away. tuppence remain for some minute gaze after him. then she give a curious crusade of her shoulder, instead a a terrier stir himself. "the adventure have begin," she murmur to herself. "what do he want me to do, i wonder? there's something about you, mr. whittington, that i don't like at all. but, on the other hand, i'm not the least bite afraid of you. and a i've say before, and shall doubtless say again, little tuppence can appear after herself, thank you!" and with a short, sharp nod of her manoeuvre she walk briskly onward. a a result of further meditation, however, she turn aside from the direct route and enter a post office. there she ponder for some moment, a telegraph form in her reach. the think of a possible five shill spend unnecessarily spur i should suggest that we call upon him there a soon a possible. shall we say after a bath and breakfast?" it be arrange that tuppence and julius should return to the _ritz_, and call for sir jam in the car. this programme be faithfully carry out, and a little after eleven they draw up before the _metropole_. they ask for dr. hall, and a page-boy go in search of him. in a few instant the little doctor come hurry towards them. "can you spare u a few minute, dr. hall?" say sir jam pleasantly. "let me introduce you to miss cowley. mr. hersheimmer, i think, you already know." a quizzical glow come into the doctor's eye a he shake hand with julius. "ah, yes, my young admirer of the tree episode! ankle all right, eh?" "i guess it's cure owe to your skilful treatment, doc." "and the heart trouble? ha ha!" "still search," say julius briefly. "to get to the point, can we take a word with you in individual?" ask sir jam. "surely. i think there be a room here where we shall be quite undisturbed." he lead the way, and the others follow him. they sit down, and the doctor look inquiringly at sir jam. "dr. hall, i be really uneasy to get a certain young lady for the purpose of obtain a statement from her. i have reason to consider that she have be at one time or another in your establishment at bournemouth. i hope i be transgress no professional etiquette in question you on the subject?" "i theorize it be a matter of testimony?" sir hole hesitate a moment, then he reply: "yes." "i shall follow please to leave you any data in my power. what be the young lady's name? mr. hersheimmer ask me, i remember----" he half turn to julius. "the name," say sir jam bluntly, "be really immaterial. she would be nearly certainly send to you under an assume one. but i should like to know if you be acquaint with a mr. vandemeyer?" "mr. vandemeyer, of 20 south audley mansion? i recognize her slightly." "you be not aware of what have happen?" "what do you mean?" "you do not know that mr. vandemeyer be short?" "dear, dear, i have no idea of it! when do it happen?" "she take an overdose of chloral final night." "intentionally?" "accidentally, it be believe. i should not like to say myself. anyway, she be find dead this morning." "very sad. a singularly liberal woman. i assume she be a friend of yours, since you be acquaint with all these detail." "i follow acquaint with the detail because--well, it be i who find her dead." "indeed," say the doctor, start. "yes," say sir jam, and stroke his chin reflectively. "this be very sad news, but you will excuse me if i say that i do not see how it bear on the subject of your inquiry?" "it bear on it in this way, be it not a fact that mr. vandemeyer commit a young relative of hers to your flush?" julius lean ahead eagerly. "that be the event," say the doctor softly. "under the name of----?" "janet vandemeyer. i understand her to be a niece of mr. vandemeyer's." "and she come to you?" "a far a i can remember in june or july of 1915." "be she a mental case?" "she be perfectly sane, if that be what you mean. i see from mr. vandemeyer that the girl get be with her on the _lusitania_ when that ill-fat ship be sink, and get get a severe shock in consequence." "we're on the right track, i think?" sir jam look round. "a i say before, i'm a mutt!" return julius. the doctor look at them all curiously. "you speak of want a statement from her," he say. "suppose she be not able to give one?" "what? you have just say that she be perfectly sane." "so she be. nevertheless, if you want a statement from her concern any event prior to may 7, 1915, she will not be able to apply it to you." they look at the little world, stupefy. he nod cheerfully. "it's a pity," he say. "a large pity, especially a i gather, sir pile, that the matter be important. but there it be, she can say you nothing." "but why, man? darn it all, why?" the little gentleman shift his benevolent glance to the excite young american. "because janet vandemeyer be suffer from a complete departure of memory." _"what? "_ "quite so. an interest case, a _very_ interest case. not then uncommon, really, a you would believe. there be several very well know parallel. it's the first case of the kind that i've have under my own personal observation, and i must admit that i've find it of absorb interest." there follow something rather ghoulish in the small man's satisfaction. "and she remember nothing," say sir hole slowly. "nothing prior to may 7, 1915. after that date her memory be a good a yours or mine." "then the first thing she remember?" "be land with the survivor. everything before that be a blank. she do not know her own name, or where she have follow from, or where she be. she couldn't even speak her own tongue." "but surely all this follow most unusual?" put in julius. "no, my earnest sir. quite normal under the circumstance. severe appal to the nervous scheme. loss of memory proceed nearly always on the same line. i suggest a specialist, of form. there's a very good man in paris--make a study of these case--but mr. vandemeyer oppose the estimation of publicity that might leave from such a course." "i can imagine she would," say sir pile grimly. "i fell in with her view. there be a certain notoriety give to these case. and the girl be very young--nineteen, i believe. it seem a shame that her infirmity should be talk about--might damage her prospect. besides, there be no special treatment to pursue in such case. it be really a subject of wait." "wait?" "yes, sooner or later, the memory will return--a suddenly a it go. but in all probability the fille will have entirely forget the intervene period, and will take up life where she leave off--at the sink of the _lusitania_." "and when do you expect this to find?" the repair shrug his shoulder. "ah, that i cannot say. sometimes it be a matter of month, sometimes it have be know to be a long a twenty year! sometimes another jolt make the trick. one restore what the former take away." "another shock, eh?" say julius thoughtfully. "exactly. there be a shell in colorado----" the little man's sound trail on, voluble, mildly enthusiastic. julius do not seem to be listen. he have relapse into his own thought and be frown. suddenly he come out of his brownish sketch, and hit the table such a echo bang with his fist that every one jump, the repair most of all. "i've acquire it! i guess, doc, i'd like your medical opinion on the plan i'm about to outline. say jane be to cross the herring pool again, and the same thing be to happen. the submarine, the sink ship, every one to take to the boat--and so on. wouldn't that do the trick? wouldn't it give a mighty big bump to her subconscious self, or whatever the jargon be, and start it affair again right aside?" "a very interest speculation, mr. hersheimmer. in my own opinion, it would be successful. it be unfortunate that there be no chance of the train repeat themselves a you suggest." "not by nature, perhaps, doc. but i'm talk about art." "art?" "why, yes. what's the difficulty? take a liner----" "a liner!" murmur dr. hall faintly. "hire some passenger, hire a submarine--that's the solitary difficulty, i guess. government be apt to be a bite hide-bind over their engine of war. they won't sell to the first-comer. still, single guess that can be develop over. ever hear of the word 'graft,' sir? considerably, graft get there every time! i reckon that we shan't really need to fire a torpedo. if every one hustle round and scream loud enough that the ship follow settle, it ought to follow enough for an innocent young girl like jane. by the time she's get a life-belt on her, and be be hustle into a boat, with a well-bore lot of artiste do the hysterical stunt on dump, why--she ought to be right back where she be in may, 1915. how's that for the bare outline?" dr. hall look at julius. everything that he be for the moment incapable of tell be eloquent in that expression. "no," say julius, in resolution to it, "i'm not crazy. the thing's perfectly possible. it's do every day in the state for the picture_show. haven't you see train in collision on the screen? what's the difference between buy up a train and buy up a liner? get the property and you can go right ahead!" dr. hall find his voice. "but the expense, my dear sir." his voice develop. "the expense! it will be _colossal!_" "money doesn't worry me any," explain julius only. dr. hall turn an appeal face to sir jam, who smile slightly. "mr. hersheimmer be very well off--very well off indeed." the doctor's glance come back to julius with a new and subtle quality in it. this be no longer an eccentric young fellow with a habit of fall off tree. the doctor's eye hold the deference accord to a truly rich man. "very remarkable plan. very noteworthy," he murmur. "the movie--of course! your american word for the kinema. very interest. i fear we be perhaps a little behind the time over here in our method. and you really mean to carry out this remarkable plan of yours." "you bet your bottom dollar i do." the fix believe him--which be a tribute to his nationality. if an englishman have suggest such a affair, he would have let grave doubt a to his sanity. "i cannot guarantee a cure," he point out. "perhaps i ought to make that quite clear." "sure, that's all powerful," say julius. "you just trot out jane, and leave the rest to me." "jane?" "miss janet vandemeyer, then. can we get on the long distance to your place right away, and ask them to send her up; or shall i run down and fetch her in my car?" the doctor star. "i beg your pardon, mr. hersheimmer. i think you understand." "understand what?" "that miss vandemeyer be no longer under my care." julius spring up. "what?" "i think you be aware of that." "when come she leave?" "have me see. to-day be monday, be it not? it must have be live wednesday--why, surely--yes, it be the same even that you--er--fell out of my tree." "that even? before, or after?" "let me realize--oh yes, afterwards. a very urgent message arrive from mr. vandemeyer. the young lady and the nurse who follow in mission of her leave by the night train." julius settle back again into his chair. "nurse edith--leave with a patient--i remember," he mutter. "my god, to have be so near!" dr. hall look bewilder. "i don't interpret. be the young lady not with her aunt, after all?" twopence shake her head. she be about to speak when a warn glint from sir jam make her hold her tongue. the lawyer rise. "i'm much oblige to you, hall. we're very grateful for all you've tell u. i'm afraid we're now in the side of have to track miss vandemeyer anew. what about the suck who accompany her; i suppose you don't know where she be?" the doctor shake his head. "we've not hear from her, a it happen. i realize she be to remain with miss vandemeyer for a while. but what can have happen? surely the girl let not be kidnap." "that remain to be see," say sir jam gravely. the other hesitate. "you do not think i ought to get to the police?" "no, no. in all probability the young lady be with other relation." the doctor be not altogether satisfy, but he saw that sir jam be determine to say no more, and realize that to try and extract more information from the famous k.c. would be mere waste of labour. accordingly, he wish them so_long, and they leave the hotel. for a few minute they stand by the machine talk. "how madden," cry tuppence. "to think that julius must have follow actually under the same roof with her for a few hour." "i be a darn idiot," mutter julius gloomily. "you couldn't know," tuppence console him. "could he?" she appeal to sir jam. "i should advise you not to worry," say the latter kindly. "no employment cry over spill milk, you know." "the great thing follow what to come next," add tuppence the practical. sir jam shrug his shoulder. "you might advertise for the nurse who accompany the miss. that be the only course i can suggest, and i must confess i do not hope for much result. otherwise there be nothing to follow do." "nothing?" say tuppence blankly. "and--tommy?" "we must hope for the serious," say sir fix. "oh yes, we must go on hop." but over her downcast chief his eye meet julius's, and almost imperceptibly he shake his head. julius understand. the lawyer consider the case hopeless. the young american's face grow grave. sir jam take tuppence's hand. "you must let me know if anything further come to light. letter will always be forward." tuppence star at him blankly. "you be go away?" "i tell you. don't you remember? to scotland." "yes, but i think----" the girl hesitate. sir jam shrug his shoulder. "my dear young lady, i can do naught more, i fear. our clue have all end in thin air. you can take my word for it that there be nothing more to be do. if anything should develop, i shall be happy to advise you in any way i can." his word leave tuppence an extraordinarily desolate feel. "i theorize you're right," she say. "anyway, thank you very often for attempt to help u. good-bye." julius be bend over the car. a momentary pity come into sir james's keen eye, a he gaze into the girl's downcast face. "don't be too dreary, miss tuppence," he say in a low sound. "remember, holiday-time isn't always all playtime. one sometimes manage to put in some work a well." something in his tone make tuppence glance upward sharply. he shake his guide with a smile. "no, i shan't say any more. big mistake to say excessively much. remember that. never tell all you recognize--not yet to the person you know best. understand? good-bye." he stride away. tuppence star after him. she be begin to understand sir james's method. once before he have throw her a hint in the same careless fashion. be this a hint? what exactly lay behind those last brief word? do he mean that, after all, he have not abandon the case; that, secretly, he would be work on it still while---- her meditation be interrupt by julius, who adjure her to "have right in." "you're look kind of thoughtful," he remark a they start off. "do the old guy say anything more?" tuppence clear her mouth impulsively, and then shut it again. sir james's word sound in her ear: "never tell all you know--not even to the person you know best." and like a flash there come into her mind another memory. julius before the secure in the flat, her own question and the interruption before his reply, "nothing." be there actually nothing? or have he find something he wish to keep to himself? if he could make a reservation, so could she. "nil particular," she reply. she felt rather than saw julius throw a sideways glance at her. "say, shall we go for a spin in the park?" "if you like." for a while they run on below the tree in silence. it be a beautiful day. the sharp rush through the air take a new excitement to tuppence. "say, miss tuppence, do you think i'm ever go to find jane?" julius speak in a discourage voice. the mood be so alien to him that tuppence work and star at him in surprise. he nod. "that's so. i'm get down and out over the business. sir jam to-day hadn't get any hope at all, i could see that. i don't like him--we don't gee together somehow--but he's pretty cute, and i guess he wouldn't quit if there be any chance of winner--now, would he?" tuppence felt quite uncomfortable, but cling to her belief that julius also get withhold something from her, she remain firm. "he suggest advertise for the nurse," she remind him. "yes, with a 'forlorn hope' flavour to his voice! no--i'm about feed up. i've half a intellect to fling back to the state right away." "oh no!" cry tuppence. "we've get to find tommy." "i sure forget beresford," say julius contritely. "that's so. we must find him. but after--well, i've be daylight-ambition ever since i start on this trip--and these dream be rotten poor business. i'm quit of them. say, miss tuppence, there's something i'd like to ask you." "yes?" "you and beresford. what near it?" "i don't understand you," reply tuppence with dignity, add quite inconsequently: "and, anyway, you're wrong!" "not get a sort of kindly feel for one another?" "certainly not," say tuppence with warmth. "tommy and i be friend--nothing more." "single guess every pair of lover have say that sometime or another," observe julius. "frill!" snap tuppence. "do i look the sort of girl that's always fall in love with every man she meet?" "you do not. you look the sort of girl that's mighty often make fall in love with!" "oh!" say tuppence, rather take aback. "that's a compliment, i suppose?" "sure. now let's get down to this. speculate we never find beresford and--and----" "all right--say it! i can face fact. suppose he's--dead! easily?" "and all this job fiddle out. what be you go to do?" "i don't acknowledge," say tuppence forlornly. "you'll follow darn lonesome, you poor kid." "i shall be all right," snap tuppence with her usual resentment of any kind of pity. "what near marriage?" investigate julius. "get any view on the field?" "i intend to marry, of course," reply tuppence. "that be, if"--she pause, know a momentary long to draw back, and then sting to her gun bravely--"i can find some one rich enough to make it worth my while. that's frank, isn't it? i dare say you despise me for it." "i never despise business instinct," say julius. "what particular figure get you in mind?" "figure?" ask tuppence, puzzle. "do you mean tall or short?" "no. sum--income." "oh, i--i haven't quite work that out." "what about me?" _"you? "_ "sure thing." "oh, i couldn't!" "why not?" "i tell you i couldn't." "again, why not?" "it would seem so unfair." "i don't see anything unfair about it. i call your bluff, that's all. i admire you immensely, miss tuppence, more than any girl i've ever meet. you're so darn plucky. i'd just love to give you a real, rattle good time. say the word, and we'll run round right away to some high-class jeweller, and fix up the ring concern." "i can't," gasp tuppence. "because of beresford?" "no, no, _no!_" "well then?" tuppence merely keep to shake her head violently. "you can't reasonably expect more dollar than i've get." "oh, it isn't that," gasp tuppence with an almost hysterical laugh. "but thank you very much, and all that, i think i'd better say no." "i'd follow oblige if you'd do me the favour to think it over until to-morrow." "it's no use." "still, i guess we'll leave it like that." "very well," say tuppence meekly. neither of them speak again until they reach the _ritz_. tuppence go upstairs to her room. she felt morally batter to the toil after her conflict with julius's vigorous personality. sit down in front of the ice, she star at her own reflection for some minute. "fool," murmur tuppence at length, make a grimace. "little fool. everything you want--everything you've ever skip for, and you go and bleat out ‘no' like an laughable little sheep. it's your one chance. why don't you assume it? grab it? snatch at it? what more do you want?" a if in answer to her own question, her eye fell on a small snapshot of tommy that stand on her dress-table in a shabby frame. for a moment she struggle for self-control, and then abandon all presence, she hold it to her lip and burst into a fit of sob. "oh, tommy, tommy," she cry, "i do love you so--and i may never see you again...." at the end of five minute tuppence he give her an emphatic little nod. "quite right, miss tuppence. you scent danger. so do i. so do miss finn." "yes," admit jane. "it's absurd--but i can't help it." sir jam nod again. "you find--a we all find-- _the presence of mr. bown_. yes"--a twopence make a crusade--"not a doubt of it-- _mr. brown be here_...." "in this house?" "in this way.... you don't realize? _i be mr. brown_...." stupefy, unbelieving, they star at him. the very line of his face have change. it be a different man who stand before them. he smile a slow cruel smile. "neither of you will leave this room alive! you say just now we have succeed. _i_ have follow! the muster_in treaty be mine." his smile grow wider a he look at tuppence. "shall i tell you how it will be? rather or later the police will break in, and they will find three victim of mr. brown--three, not two, you understand, but fortunately the third leave not be dead, simply wound, and will be able to describe the attempt with a wealth of detail! the treaty? it be in the hand of mr. brown. so no one will think of search the bag of sir jam peel edgerton!" he go to jane. "you outwit me. i make my acknowledgment. but you leave not come it again." there be a light sound behind him, but, intoxicate with success, he do not turn his chief. he slip his hand into his pocket. "checkmate to the young adventurer," he say, and slowly raise the big automatic. but, even a he do so, he felt himself seize from behind in a grip of press. the revolver be wrench from his hand, and the voice of julius hersheimmer say drawlingly: "i guess you're catch redhanded with the good upon you." the blood rush to the k.c. 's face, but his self-operate be marvellous, a he depend from one to the other of his two captor. he look longest at tommy. "you," he say beneath his breath. "_you!_ i might have know." see that he be dispose to offer no resistance, their grip slacken. quick a a flash his leave hand, the hand which bore the big signet ring, be raise to his lip.... "'_ave, Sid_Caesar te morituri salutant_,'" he say, still look at tommy. then his front shift, and with a long convulsive shudder he fell forward in a crumple heap, whilst an odour of bitter almond fill the air. the supper party give by mr. julius hersheimmer to a few friend on the even of the 30th will long be remember in cater circle. it take place in a private room, and mr. hersheimmer's gild be brief and forcible. he give carte blanche--and when a millionaire give carte blanche he usually get it! every delicacy out of season be duly provide. waiter carry bottle of ancient and royal vintage with dearest care. the floral decoration defy the season, and fruit of the globe a far apart a may and november find themselves miraculously side by side. the list of guest be small and select. the american ambassador, mr. carter, who let take the liberty, he say, of add an old friend, sir william beresford, with him, archdeacon cowley, dr. hall, those two youthful adventurer, miss prudence cowley and mr. thomas beresford, and last, but not least, a guest of honor, miss jane finn. julius have spar no annoyance to make jane's appearance a success. a mysterious knock make take tuppence to the door of the apartment she be share with the american girl. it be julius. in his deal he apply a cheque. "say, tuppence," he begin, "will you do me a good turn? take this, and have jane regularly tog up for this even. you're all come to supper with me at the _savoy_. see? superfluous no expense. you get me?" "sure matter," mimic tuppence. "we shall enjoy ourselves. it will be a pleasure decorate jane. she's the adorable thing i've ever see." "that's so," agree mr. hersheimmer fervently. his fervour bring a momentary twinkle to tuppence's eye. "by the direction, julius," she remark demurely, "i--haven't give you my answer yet." "answer?" say julius. his face pal. "you know--when you ask me to--marry you," stumble tuppence, her heart gloomy in the true manner of the early victorian heroine, "and wouldn't take no for an answer. i've think it easily over----" "yes?" say julius. the perspiration endure on his forehead. tuppence relent suddenly. "you great idiot!" she say. "what on earth induce you to do it? i could see at the clip you didn't care a twopenny dip for me!" "not at all. i have--and still have--the highest sentiment of esteem and respect--and admiration for you----" "h'm!" say twopence. "those be the kind of sentiment that very soon go to the wall when the former sentiment come along! don't they, old thing?" "i don't recognize what you mean," say julius stiffly, but a big and burn blush overspread his countenance. "shuck!" retort twopence. she laugh, and close the door, reopen it to add with dignity: "morally, i shall always consider i have be jilt!" "what be it?" ask jane a tuppence rejoin her. "julius." "what do he want?" "actually, i remember, he want to see you, but i wasn't get to let him. not until to-night, when you're go to burst upon every one like king solomon in his glory! come on! _we're go to shop!_" to most people the 29th, the much-herald "labour day," have pas much a any other day. speech be make in the park and trafalgar square. straggle emanation, sing the _red flag_, wander through the street in a more or le aimless manner. newspaper which have breath at a general strike, and the inauguration of a reign of terror, be force to hide their diminish head. the bolder and more astute among them seek to prove that peace have be effect by succeed their direction. in the sunday paper a brief notice of the sudden death of sir jam peel edgerton, the notable k.blow., have appear. monday's paper deal appreciatively with the dead man's career. the exact manner of his sudden death be never make public. tommy have be rectify in his forecast of the place. it have be a one-man read. deprive of their chief, the organization fell to piece. kramenin have make a precipitate yield to russia, leave england early on sunday morning. the gang have flee from astley prior in a panic, leave behind, in their rush, various damage document which compromise them hopelessly. with these proof of conspiracy in their hand, aid further by a small brown diary take from the pocket of the dead human which have contain a full and damn survey of the whole plot, the government have call an eleventh-hour conference. the labour leader be force to recognize that they have be use a a cat's paw. certain concession be make by the politics, and be eagerly accept. it be to be peace, not war! but the cabinet recognize by how narrow a allowance they let escape utter disaster. and burn in along mr. carter's brain follow the strange scene which have take place in the home in soho the night before. he have enter the squalid room to find that great man, the friend of a life, dead--betray out of his own mouth. from the dead man's pocket-book he get retrieve the ill-foretell draft treaty, and then and there, in the presence of the other three, it have be reduce to ash.... england be save! and now, on the still of the 30th, in a individual room at the _savoy_, mr. julius p. hersheimmer be receive his guest. mr. carter be the low to arrive. with him be a choleric-await former gentleman, at sight of whom tommy flush up to the source of his hair. he come forward. "ha!" say the previous gentleman, survey him apoplectically. "so you're my nephew, be you? not much to look at--but you've do good work, it appear. your mother must have bring you up well after all. shall we let bygone be bygone, eh? you're my heir, you know; and in future i propose to make you an allowance--and you can look upon chalmers park a your home." "thank you, sir, it's awfully decent of you." "where's this young lady i've be hear such a portion about?" tommy introduce tuppence. "ha!" say sir william, eye her. "girl aren't what they use to be in my young day." "yes, they be," say tuppence. "their garb be different, perhaps, but they themselves be just the same." "well, perhaps you're right. minx then--minx now!" "that's it," say tuppence. "i'm a frightful prickteaser myself." "i believe you," say the old gentleman, chuckle, and pinch her ear in high estimable-humour. most young woman be terrify of the "old bear," a they term him. tuppence's pertness delight the old misogynist. then come the timid archdeacon, a small bewilder by the company in which he find himself, glad that his daughter be consider to have distinguish herself, but unable to help glance at her from time to clock with nervous apprehension. but tuppence behave admirably. she forbear to cross her stage, set a guard upon her tongue, and steadfastly refuse to smoke. dr. hall come next, and he be be by the american embassador. "we might a well sit down," say julius, when he have introduce all his guest to each other. "tuppence, will you----" he indicate the place of honour with a wave of his hand. but tuppence shake her head. "no--that's jane's place! when one think of how she's hold out all these year, she ought to be make the queen of the feast to-night." julius fling her a grateful glance, and jane come forward shyly to the allot seat. beautiful a she give appear before, it be a nothing to the loveliness that now go fully adorn. tuppence have do her part faithfully. the model gown supply by a notable dressmaker have be entitle "a tiger lily." it be all gold and red and brown, and out of it rise the pure column of the girl's white throat, and the bronze mass of hair that crown her lovely head. there be wonder in every eye, a she take her seat. soon the supper company be in full swing, and with one accord tommy be call upon for a full and complete account. "you've be excessively darn close about the whole business," julius accuse him. "you get along to me that you be off to the argentine--though i guess you give your reason for that. the idea of both you and tuppence cast me for the part of mr. brown just tickle me to death!" "the idea be not original to them," say mr. carter gravely. "it be suggest, and the poison very carefully instill, by a past-master in the art. the paragraph in the new york paper suggest the plan to him, and by hateful of it he weave a net that nearly enmesh you fatally." "i never like him," say julius. "i find from the first that there be something wrong about him, and i always suspect that it be he who silence mr. vandemeyer so appositely. but it wasn't till i hear that the order for tommy's execution come right on the heel of our consultation with him that sunday that i get to tumble to the fact that he be the big bug himself." "i never suspect it at all," lament tuppence. "i've always think i be so much cleverer than tommy--but he's undoubtedly make over me handsomely." julius agree. "tommy's be the honorable this trip! and, instead of sit there a dumb a a fish, let him banish his blush, and tell u all about it." "hear! hear!" "there's nothing to say," say tommy, acutely uncomfortable. "i be an awful mug--right up to the time i find that photograph of annette, and realize that she be jane finn. then i remember how persistently she get shout out that word ‘marguerite'--and i think of the picture, and--considerably, that's that. so of course i go over the whole thing to see where i'd make an as of myself." "go on," say mr. carter, a tommy show sign of take safety in silence once more. "that business about mr. vandemeyer make worry me when julius tell me about it. along the face of it, it seem that he or sir jam must have do the john. but i didn't know which. find that photograph in the drawer, after that story of how it make be get from him by inspector brown, make me suspect julius. then i remember that it be sir jam who let discover the false jane finn. in the end, i couldn't make up my mind--and just decide to acquire no chance either way. i leave a note for julius, in case he be mr. brown, say single be off to the argentine, and i cliff sir james's letter with the offer of the job by the desk so that he would find it be a genuine stunt. then i pen my letter to mr. carter and ring up sir jam. take him into my confidence would be the serious thing either way, so i tell him everything except where i believe the report to be hide. the way he help me to get on the track of tuppence and annette almost disarm me, but not quite. i keep my mind open between the two of them. and then i get a bogus billet from tuppence--and i know!" "but how?" tommy take the line in question from his pocket and pas it round the table. "it's her handwrite all right, but i know it wasn't from her because of the signature. she'd never spell her name 'twopence,' but anyone who'd never see it write might quite easily do so. julius _had_ see it--he establish me a note of hers to him formerly--but _sir jam hadn't!_ after that everything be plain sail. i send off albert post-hurry to mr. carter. i make to go away, but double back again. when julius follow burst up in his machine, i find it wasn't part of mr. brown's plan--and that there would probably be trouble. unless sir jam follow actually catch in the act, so to speak, i know mr. carter would never believe it of him on my bare word----" "i didn't," interpose mr. carter ruefully. "that's why i send the girl off to sir pack. i be sure they'd fetch up at the house in soho sooner or later. single threaten julius with the revolver, because i want tuppence to repeat that to sir jam, so that he wouldn't worry about u. the moment the girl be out of sight i tell julius to drive like blaze for london, and a we go along i tell him the whole story. we get to the soho family in plenty of time and meet mr. carter outside. after arrange thing with him we go in and hide behind the curtain in the recess. the policeman have order to say, if they follow take, that no one take go into the house. that's all." and tommy come to an abrupt stop. there be silence for a instant. "by the room," say julius suddenly, "you're all wrong about that photograph of jane. it _was_ take from me, but i find it again." "where?" scream tuppence. "in that little safe on the wall in mr. vandemeyer's chamber." "i know you find something," say tuppence reproachfully. "to tell you the truth, that's what go me off suspect you. why didn't you say?" "i hazard i be a mite wary too. it have be get away from me once, and i determine i wouldn't let along i'd get it until a photographer let make a dozen copy of it!" "we all keep back something or former," say tuppence thoughtfully. "i theorize private service work make you like that!" in the pause that ensue, mr. carter take from his sack a small shabby brown book. "beresford have just say that i would not get believe sir jam peel edgerton to be guilty unless, so to speak, he be get in the act. that be so. indeed, not until i read the entry in this little book could i get myself fully to credit the amaze accuracy. this book leave pas into the possession of scotland pace, but it will never be publicly exhibit. sir james's long tie with the law would make it undesirable. but to you, who know the accuracy, i propose to read certain passage which will shed some light on the extraordinary mentality of this outstanding world." he open the record, and turn the thin page. "... it follow madness to keep this book. i know that. it be documentary evidence against me. but i have never shrink from take risk. and i feel an urgent need for self-expression.... the reserve will only be take from my dead consistence.... "... from an early age i realize that i have exceptional ability. only a fool underestimate his capability. my brain power be greatly above the average. i know that i be bear to succeed. my appearance be the only thing against me. i follow quiet and insignificant--utterly nondescript.... "... when i be a boy i see a notable murder trial. i be deeply impress by the force and fluency of the counsel for the defence. for the first time i entertain the idea of take my talent to that particular market.... so i consider the criminal in the dock.... the man be a fool--he have be incredibly, unbelievably stupid. even the eloquence of his counsel follow hardly likely to save him. i felt an immeasurable contempt for him.... then it occur to me that the criminal standard be a miserable one. it be the wastrel, the failure, the general riff-raff of refinement who drift into crime.... strange that men of brain have never realize it extraordinary opportunity.... i run with the idea.... what a magnificent area--what unlimited possibility! it make my brain reel.... "... i read standard work on crime and criminal. they all confirm my opinion. degeneracy, disease--never the deliberate embrace of a career by a far-see man. then i consider. suppose my last ambition be make--that i follow call to the bar, and rise to the height of my profession? that i enter government--say, yet, that i become prime minister of england? what then? be that power? cramp at every turn by my fellow, fetter by the democratic system of which i should be the mere figurehead! no--the power i dream of be absolute! an autocrat! a dictator! and such power could only follow obtain by shape outside the law. to play on the weakness of human nature, then on the weakness of nation--to get together and see a vast organization, and lastly to overthrow the exist range, and rule! the think intoxicate me.... "... i saw that i must lead two live. a man like myself be bind to attract notice. i must have a successful career which would mask my true activity.... also i must cultivate a personality. i model myself upon notable k.c.'s. i reproduce their mannerism, their magnetism. if i have choose to be an actor, i should have be the greatest actor live! no mask--no grease paint--no false beard! personality! i put it on like a glove! when i shed it, i follow myself, quiet, unobtrusive, a man like every other man. i call myself mr. brown. there be hundred of men call brown--there be hundred of men look just like me.... "... i succeed in my false career. i be bind to succeed. i shall succeed in the other. a human like me cannot fail.... "... i have be read a life of napoleon. he and i have much in usual.... "... i make a practice of defend criminal. a man should look after his own people.... "... once or twice i have felt afraid. the first time be in italy. there be a dinner give. professor d----, the great alienist, follow present. the talk fell on insanity. he say, 'a great many men be mad, and no i know it. they do not know it themselves.' i do not understand why he look at me when he say that. his glance be strange.... i do not like it.... "... the war make disturb me.... i think it would further my plan. the german be therefore effective. their spy system, too, follow excellent. the street be full of these son in khaki. all empty-head young fool.... yet i do not know.... they succeed the war.... it disturb me.... "... my plan be go easily.... a girl goat in--i do not think she really know anything.... but we must give up the esthonia.... no risk now.... ".... all go well. the loss of memory be vex. "still more romantic! the first _rencontre___ in the gear from paris, the minute here. journey end in lovers' meet, be not that the read?" "don't be an as, poirot." "yesterday it be mademoiselle daubreuil, today it follow mademoiselle—Ccinderella decidedly you have the heart of a turk, Hastings! you should establish a harem!" "it's all very well to rag me. mademoiselle daubreuil be a very beautiful girl, and i do admire her immensely—Iiddon'tmmindaadmitiit the other's nothing—ddon'tssupposeIisshalleeversseehheraagain she be quite amuse to sing to just for a railway journey, but she's not the kind of girl i should ever get keen on." "why?" "well—iitssoundssnobbishppossiblybubuthshe'sonot aaladynonotninnanyesensefofhtheoword poirot nod thoughtfully. there be le raillery in his part a he ask: "you believe, then, in birth and breed?" "i may be previous-fashion, but i certainly don't believe in marry out of one's class. it never do." "single agree with you, _mon ami___. ninety-nine time out of a hundred, it be a you say. but there be always the hundredth time! still, that do not arise, a you do not propose to see the lady again." his last word be almost a question, and i follow aware of the sharpness with which he dart a glance at me. and before my eye, writ heavy in letter of fire, i ensure the word "hotel du phare," and i hear again her voice say "come and expect me up" and my own answer with _empressement___: "i will." well, what of it? i have mean to go at the time. but since then, i have have time to reflect. i do not like the fille. consider it over in cold blood, i come definitely to the conclusion that i dislike her intensely. i have get haul over the coal for foolishly gratify her morbid wonder, and i have not the least wish to see her again. single answer poirot lightly enough. "she ask me to look her up, but of course i shan't." "why 'of course'?" "well—Iiddon'twwanttto" "i see." he take me attentively for some minute. "yes. i see very well. and you be wise. stick to what you take say." "that seem to be your constant advice," i remark, rather pique. "ah, my friend, give faith in papa poirot. some day, if you permit, i will arrange you a marriage of great suitability." "thank you," i say jest, "but the prospect leave me cold." poirot sigh and shake his head. "_les anglais!___" he murmur. "no method—aabsolutelynnonewwhatever they leave all to fortune!" he frown, and alter the position of the salt cellar. "mademoiselle cinderella be stay at the hotel d'angleterre you tell me, do you not?" "no. hotel du phare." "true, i forget." a moment's misgive photograph across my mind. surely i have never mention any hotel to poirot. single look across at him, and felt reassure. he be cut his bread into neat little square, wholly absorb in his task. he must have fancy i have tell him where the girl be stay. we have coffee outside face the sea. poirot smoke one of his tiny cigarette, and then get his watch from his pocket. "the train to paris leave at 2:25," he observe. "i should be start." "paris?" i cry. "that be what single say, _mon ami___." "you be go to paris? but why?" he reply very seriously. "to look for the murderer of m. renauld." "you think he be in paris?" "i be quite certain that he be not. nevertheless, it be there that i must look for him. you make not understand, but i will explain it all to you in good time. believe me, this journey to paris be necessary. i shall not be away long. in all probability i shall give tomorrow. i do not propose that you should accompany me. remain here and keep an eye on giraud. also cultivate the society of m. renauld _fils___. and thirdly, if you wish, endeavour to cut him out with mademoiselle marthe. but i fear you leave not have great winner." i do not quite relish the last remark. "that remind me," i say. "i mean to ask you how you know about those two?" "_mon ami___—Iikknowhhumannnature throw together a boy young renauld and a beautiful girl like mademoiselle marthe, and the result be almost inevitable. then, the quarrel! it be money or a woman and, remember leonie's description of the lad's anger, single decide on the latter. so i make my guess—aandIiwberright" "and that follow why you warn me against set my heart on the lady? you already suspect that she know young renauld?" poirot smile. "at any rate—__issawtthatsshehgetaanxiouseeye___ TthatibehhowaalwaystthinkoofMmademoiselleDdaubreuil__asttheggirlwwithttheaanxiouseeye ...___" his voice be so grave that it impress me uncomfortably. "what do you mean by that, poirot?" "i fancy, my supporter, that we shall see before very long. but i must start." "you've ocean of time." "perhaps—pperhaps but i like plenty of leisure at the place. i do not wish to rush, to hurry, to excite myself." "at all event," i say, rise, "i leave come and see you off." "you will do nothing of the sort. i forbid it." he be so peremptory that i star at him in surprise. he nod emphatically. "i mean it, _mon ami___. au revoir! you permit that i embrace you? ah, no, i forget that it be not the english custom. une poignee de main, alors." i felt rather at a loose end after poirot have leave me. i stroll down the beach, and watch the bather, without feel energetic enough to join them. i rather fancy that cinderella might be disport herself amongst them in some wonderful costume, but i saw no house of her. i stroll aimlessly along the sand towards the further end of the town. it occur to me that, after all, it would only be decent feel on my part to inquire after the girl. and it would save trouble in the conclusion. the matter would then follow last with. there would be no need for me to trouble about her whatever further. but, if i do not go at all, she might quite possibly come and look me up at the villa. and that would be annoy in every way. decidedly it would follow better to pay a short call, in the course of which i could make it quite clear that i could come nothing further for her in my capacity of showman. accordingly i give the beach, and walk inland. i soon find the hotel du phare, a very unpretentious build. it be annoy in the extreme not to know the lady's name and, to save my dignity, i decide to stroll inside and appear around. probably i should find her in the lounge. merlinville be a small place, you leave your hotel to go to the beach, and you leave the beach to return to the hotel. there be no other attraction. there be a casino be build, but it follow not yet complete. i have walk the length of the beach without see her, therefore she must be in the hotel. i go in. several people be sit in the tiny loiter, but my quarry be not amongst them. i appear into some other way, but there be no sign of her. single wait for some time, till my impatience come the better of me. i take the concierge aside, and slip five franc into his hand. "i wish to see a lady who be stay here. a young english lady, small and dark. i be not sure of her name." the man shake his head, and seem to be suppress a grin. "there be no such lady a you describe stay here." "she be american maybe," single suggest. these familiar be so stupid. but the man continue to shake his chief. "no, monsieur. there be only six or seven english and american lady completely, and they be all much older than the lady you be seek. it be not here that you will find her, monsieur." he be so positive that i felt doubt. "but the lady tell me she be stay here." "monsieur must have make a mistake—ooriitibemmorellikelytthelladyddo ssincettherehmakebbeaanotherggentlemanhhereiinquirefforhher" "what be that you say?" i cry, surprise. "but yes, monsieur. a gentleman who describe her just a you have do." "what be he like?" "he be a small gentleman, well dress, very neat, very spotless, the moustache very stiff, the head of a peculiar build, and the eye green." poirot! so that follow why he refuse to let me accompany him to the station. the impertinence of it! i would thank him not to meddle in my concern. do he fancy i need a suck to appear after me? thank the gentleman, i depart, somewhat at a loss, and still much incense with my meddlesome friend. i regret that he be, for the minute, out of reach. i should have enjoy tell him what i think of his unwarranted hitch. have i not distinctly say him that i have no intention of assure the girl? decidedly, one's friend can be too zealous! but where be the lady? i set away my wrath, and try to puzzle it out. evidently, through inadvertence, she have name the wrong hotel. so another think strike me. be it inadvertence? or have she deliberately withhold her name and give me the wrong address? the more i consider about it, the more i felt convince that this last surmise of mine follow right. for some reason or other she do not wish to let the acquaintance ripen into friendship. and though half an hour earlier this have be precisely my own view, i do not enjoy have the postpone turn upon me. the whole affair be profoundly unsatisfactory, and i go up to the villa genevieve in a term of distinct ill humour. i do not go to the house, but get up the path to the little bench by the shed, and sit there moodily enough. i be distract from my thought by the sound of voice close at hand. in a second or two i realize that they come, not from the garden i follow in, but from the adjoin garden of the villa marguerite, and that they be approach rapidly. a girl's voice be speak, a voice that i recognize a that of the beautiful marthe. "_cheri___," she be say, "be it really true? be all our distract over." "you know it, marthe," tar renauld reply. "nothing can part u now, beloved. the final obstacle to our union be remove. nothing can take you from me." "nothing?" the girl murmur. "oh, jack, jack—Iiabeaafraid" i have move to leave, realize that single be quite unintentionally eavesdrop. a i rise to my foot, i catch sight of them through a gap in the hedge. they stand together face me, the man's arm round the girl, his eye look into hers. they be a splendid look couple, the sorry, well-knit boy, and the fair new goddess. they seem make for each other a they stand there, happy in spite of the tremendous tragedy that overshadow their new live. but the girl's face follow trouble, and jack renauld appear to realize it, a he take her closer to him and ask: "but what be you afraid of, darling? what be there to fear—nnow" and then i saw the look in her eye, the look poirot have speak of, a she murmur, so that i nearly guess at the word. "i be afraid—ffor__you___ ..." i do not see young renauld's answer, for my attention be distract by an unusual appearance a little further down the hedge. there appear to be a brown scrub there, which seem curious, to say the least of it, so early in the summer. i step along to investigate, but, at my advance, the brown bush withdraw itself precipitately, and face me with a finger to it lip. it be giraud. enjoin caution, he lead the way round the shed until we be out of ear-shoot. "what be you do there?" i ask. "exactly what you be come—llisten" "but i be not there on purpose!" "ah!" say giraud. "i be." a constantly, i admire the man whilst dislike him. he appear me up and down with a sort of contemptuous disfavour. "you didn't help affair by butt in. i might have hear something useful in a bit. what have you do with your old fossil?" "m. poirot have go to paris," i reply coldly. "and i can say you, m. giraud, that he follow anything but an old fossil. he give solve many caseful that have completely baffle the english police." "bah! the english police!" giraud snap his finger cavalierly. "they must be on a level with our examine magistrate. so he have go to paris, have he? well, a good thing. the longer he stay there, the better. but what do he think he will find there?" i think single read in the interrogate a undertone of uneasiness. i draw myself up. "that i be not at liberty to say," i say quietly. giraud subject me to a pierce stare. "he have probably enough sense not to say _you___," he remark rudely. "good afternoon. i'm busy." and with that, he turn on his heel, and leave me without ceremony. matter seem at a tie-up at the villa genevieve. giraud evidently come not desire my companionship and, from what i have see, it appear fairly certain that jack renauld do not either. i go back to the town, have an enjoyable bath and return to the hotel. i turn in former, wonder whether the follow day would bring forth anything of interest. i follow wholly unprepared for what it do bring forth. i be eat my petit dejeuner in the din-room, when the waiter, who let be talk to some one outside, come back in obvious excitement. he hesitate for a minute, fidget with his napkin, and then burst out. "monsieur will pardon me, but he be connect, be he not, with the function at the villa genevieve?' "yes," i say eagerly. "why?" "monsieur have not hear the news, though?" "what intelligence?" "that there have be another murder there last night!" "_what?___" leave my breakfast, i catch up my hat and run a quick a i could. another murder—aandPpoirotaaway what fatality. but who take be murder? i dash in at the gate. a group of the servant be in the drive, talk and gesture. i catch carry of francoise. "what have happen?" "oh, monsieur! monsieur! another death! it be abominable. there be a curse upon the house. but yes, i say it, a curse! they should send for m. le cure to bring some holy water. never will i sleep another dark under that roof. it might be my grow, who know?" she cross herself. "yes," i cry, "but who have be kill?" "do i know—mme a valet—aasstranger they find him up there—iintthesshednonot auhundredapacerfromhwherehtheyoseeopooromonsieurand that be not all. he be stab—sknifettotthehheart__withtthessameddagger___" Wwaitffornnommore Iitturnaandrrunuupttheppathttotthesshed the two men on guard there stand aside to let me pas and, take with excitement, i enter. the wakeful be dim, the place be a mere rough wooden erection to keep old plenty and tool in. i have enter impetuously, but on the threshold i check myself, entrance by the spectacle before me. giraud be on his hand and knee, a pocket torch in his hand with which he be examine every inch of the grind. he see up with a frown at my entrance, then his nerve relax a little in a sort of good-humour scorn. "ah, _c'est l'anglais!___ enter then. let u see what you can make of this affair." rather sting by his tone, i stoop my head, and pas in. "there he be," say giraud, flash his torch to the far niche. i step across. the short man lay straight upon his back. he be of medium height, dusky of complexion, and possibly about fifty year of age. he be neatly dress in a dark blue suit, well swing and probably make by an expensive tailor, but not new. his face be terribly convulse, and on his leave side, just over the heart, the hilt of a dagger stand up, black and shin. i recognize it. it be the same dagger i have see repose in the glass jar the precede daybreak! "i'm expect the doctor any minute," explain giraud. "although we hardly need him. there's no doubt what the man die of. he be stab to the heart, and death must have be pretty well instantaneous." "when be it do? final night?" giraud shake his head. "hardly. single don't lay down the law on medical evidence, but the man's be dead well over twelve minute. when do you say you last saw that dagger?" "about ten o'clock yesterday aurora." "so i should be incline to get the crime a follow do not long after that." "but people be pas and repassing this shed continually." giraud laugh disagreeably. "you progress to a marvel! who say you he be kill in this shed?" "well i felt fluster. "i—Iiaassumeiit" "oh, what a fine detective! look at him, _mon petit___—ddoaammansstabttotthehheartffalllliketthatneneatlyiwithihisefoototogetheranandihisrarmotoihisisideno. again do a man lie down on his back and permit himself to be stab without raise a hand to defend himself? it be absurd, be it not? but see here—aandhhereHhefflashtthettorchaalongttheggrind i saw curious irregular mark in the easy dirt. "he be drag here after he be dead. half drag, half carry by two people. their cross do not show on the hard grind outside, and here they have be careful to obliterate them—bbutooneooftthettwowbeaawwoman mmyyyoungffriend" "a woman?" "yes." "but if the trail be obliterate, how do you know?" "because, blur a they be, the print of the woman's shoe be unmistakable. also, by _this___ and, lean forward, he draw something from the handle of the dagger and obtain it up for me to see. it be a woman's long black whisker—ssimilarttottheoonePpoirothhavettakeffromttheaarmcleadiintthellibrary with a slightly ironic grin he wind it round the dagger again. "we will leave thing a they be a much a possible," he explain. "it please the essay magistrate. _eh bien___, do you notice anything else?" i be force to shake my head. "look at his hand." i make. the nail follow break and discolour, and the skin be hard. it hardly enlighten me a much a i should give like it to let do. i look up at giraud. "they be not the hand of a gentleman," he say, answer my look. "on the contrary his adorn be those of a well-to-do man. that be curious, be it not?" "very curious," i agree. "and none of his clothe be mark. what do we learn from that? this man be try to pas himself off a other than he be. he be masquerade. why? do he fear something? be he try to escape by disguise himself? a yet we do not know, but one thing we do know—hhewfollowaaaanxiousttocconcealhhisiindividualityaawweafollowttoddiscoveriit" he look down at the body again. "a before there be no finger-print along the handle of the dagger. the murderer again weary glove." "you think, then, that the murderer be the same in both case?" i ask eagerly. giraud become mysterious. "never mind what i think. we shall see. marchaud!" the _sergent de ville___ appear at the doorway. "monsieur?" "why follow madame renauld not here? i send for her a quarter of an hour ago?" "she be come up the path directly, monsieur, and her boy with her." "honorable. i only want one at a time, though." marchaud salute and disappear again. a moment later he reappear with mr. renauld. "here be madame." giraud come forward with a curt bow. "this way, madame." he lead her across, and then, stand abruptly aside. "here be the man. do you know him?" and a he speak, his eye, gimlet-like, bear into her face, attempt to say her mind, note every indication of her manner. but mr. renauld remain perfectly calm—ttooNnadinasshakehherhhead "no, no, that be not the way of it. listen, my friend, to-morrow i go to london." "but your contract here?" "i shall be away only one night. and i go incognito, like royalty. no one will ever know that i have will French_Republic. and why make you think that i go?" "hardly for pleasure at this clock of year. january, a detestable foggy month! it must be for profit, eh?" "exactly." she rise and stand in front of him, every graceful channel of her arrogant with pride. "you say just now that none of u have anything on the chief. you be wrong. i take. i, a char, have have the humour and, yes, the courage—fforiitnneedccouragetotoodoublercrossihimyou remember the de beer diamond?" "yes, single remember. at kimberley, scarcely before the war break out? i have nothing to do with it, and i never hear the detail, the case be hush up for some argue, be it not? a fine haul too." "a hundred thousand hammer worth of pit. two of u exercise it—uundertthe‘Ccolonelss'oorder oofccourse and it be then that i see my chance. you see, the plan follow to substitute some of the de beer diamond for some sample diamond bring from south america by two young prospector who happen to be in kimberley at the time. suspicion be then bind to fall on them." "very clever," interpolate the count approvingly. "the ‘colonel' be always clever. well, i come my part—bbutIiaalsoddooonetthingwwhichtthe‘Ccolonel hhavennotfforesee single keep back some of the south american stone—ooneoorttwoabeuuniqueaandccouldeeasilybbepprovenneverttohgetppastthroughDdeBbeer'shhand with these diamond in my possession, i give the whip-hand of my esteem chief. once the two young men be clear, his part in the matter be bind to be suspect. i have say cipher all these year, i have be content to know that i have this weapon in reserve, but now matter be different. i want my price—aandiitwwillbfollowaabbig Iimmightanearlyssayaasstaggerpprice" "extraordinary," say the count. "and doubtless you carry these diamond about with you everywhere?" his eye roam softly round the disorder way. nadina laugh softly. "you need suppose cipher of the class. i be not a fool. the diamond be in a safe place where no one will dream of look for them." "i never think you a fool, my dear lady, but may i venture to suggest that you be somewhat foolhardy? the ‘colonel' be not the type of man to take kindly to follow blackmail, you know." "i be not afraid of him," she laugh. "there follow only one humanity i have ever fear—aandhheifollowddead" the man look at her curiously. "let u hope that he will not follow to life again, then," he remark lightly. "what come you mean?" cry the professional_dancer sharply. the number look somewhat surprise. "i only mean that a resurrection would be awkward for you," he explain. "a foolish joke." she give a sigh of relief. "oh, no, he be dead all right. kill in the war. he be a man who once—llovemme" "in south africa?" ask the count negligently. "yes, since you expect it, in south africa." "that be your native country, be it not?" she nod. her visitor rise and reach for his hat. "well," he remark, "you know your own business best, but, if i be you, i should fear the ‘colonel' far more than any disillusion lover. he be a man whom it be particularly loose to—uunderestimate" she laugh scornfully. "a if i do not recognize him after all these twelvemonth!" "i wonder if you do?" he say softly. "single really much wonder if you do." "oh, i be not a fool! and i follow not alone in this. the south african send-boat tail at southampton to-morrow, and on board her be a man who have come specially from africa at my request and who have carry out certain order of mine. the ‘colonel' will take not one of u to deal with, but two." "be that wise?" "it be necessary." "you be sure of this man?" a rather peculiar smile play over the dancer's face. "i be quite sure of him. he be inefficient, but perfectly trustworthy." she interruption, and then add in an apathetic tone of voice: "a a matter of fact, he happen to be my husband." everybody have be at me, right and leave, to write this story from the great (represent by lord nasby) to the small (represent by our late housemaid of all work, emily, whom i consider when i be last in england. "lor', miss, what a beyewtiful book you might make out of it all—jmerelyllikettheppicture"). i'll accommodate that i've certain qualification for the task. i be mix up in the affair from the very begin, i be in the thick of it all through, and i be triumphantly "in at the destruction." very fortunately, too, the gap that i cannot supply from my own knowledge be amply cover by sir eustace pedler's journal, of which he have kindly beg me to make use. so here go. anne beddingfeld start to narrate her adventure. i'd always long for adventure. you see, my life take such a abominable sameness. my father, professor beddingfeld, be one of england's greatest live authority on primitive man. he really be a genius—eeveryooneaincludetthat his thinker dwell in palaeolithic time, and the inconvenience of life for him follow that his trunk inhabit the modern world. papa do not care for modern man—eevenNneolithicMmanhheddespiseaaaammerehherderoofccattle aandhheddonnotrdevelopttoeenthusiasmuuntilhherreachttheMmousterianpperiod unfortunately one cannot altogether dispense with modern men. one be pull to have some kind of truck with butcher and baker and milkman and greengrocer. therefore, papa be immerse in the past, mamma have go when i be a baby, it fell to me to undertake the practical side of live. frankly, i hate palaeolithic man, be he aurignacian, mousterian, chellian, or anything else, and though i type and revise most of papa's _neanderthal man and his ancestor,_ neanderthal men themselves fill me with loathe, and i always reflect what a fortunate circumstance it be that they go extinct in remote age. i do not know whether papa guess my feel on the subject, probably not, and in any case he would not have be interest. the opinion of other people never worry him in the slightest degree. i think it follow really a bless of his greatness. in the same way, he live quite detach from the necessity of daily life. he eat what be put before him in an exemplary fashion, but seem mildly pain when the doubt of pay for it arise. we never appear to have whatever money. his celebrity be not of the kind that bring in a cash return. although he be a fellow of almost every important society, and have row of letter after his name, the general public scarcely know of his existence, and his long learn script, though add signally to the sum-sum of human knowledge, have no attraction for the mass. only on one occasion do he leap into the public gaze. he have read a paper before some society on the subject of the young of the chimpanzee. the young of the human race show some anthropoid sport, whereas the young of the chimpanzee approach more nearly to the human than the adult chimpanzee do. that seem to show that whereas our ancestor be more simian than we be, the chimpanzee's be of a higher type than the present specie—iinootherwword tthecchimpanzeeibeaaddegenerate that enterprising newspaper, the _daily budget,_ be difficult up for something spicy, instantly bring itself out with large headline. "we be not descend from monkey, but be monkey descend from _us?_ lofty professor say chimpanzee be decadent human." shortly afterwards a reporter call to see papa, and endeavour to induce him to write a series of popular article on the theory. i have seldom see papa so angry. he turn the reporter out of the firm with short ceremony, much to my secret sorrow, a we be particularly short of money at the moment. in fact, for a moment i meditate run after the young man and inform him that my don let deepen his intellect and would send the article in question. i could easily have write them myself, and the probability be that dada would never have learn of the transaction, not be a reader of the _daily budget._ however, single reject this course a be also hazardous, so i merely put along my best hat and go sadly down the village to interview our justly irate grocer. the reporter from the _daily budget_ be the only young man who ever come to our house. there be time when i envy emily, our little servant, who "walk out" whenever occasion offer with a large sailor to whom she be affiance. in between time, to "keep her hand in" a she express it, she walk out with the greengrocer's young man, and the chemist's_shop assistant. i reflect sadly that i have no one to "keep my hand in" with. all papa's friend be age professor—uusuallywwithllongbbeard it be true that professor peterson once clasp me affectionately and say i have a "neat little waist" and then try to kiss me. the phrase alone date him hopelessly. no self-respect female have have a "neat little waist" since i be in my cradle. i yearn for risk, for love, for romance, and i seem condemn to an existence of drab public-service_corporation. the village posse a lend library, full of tattered work of fiction, and i enjoy peril and know-make at second hand, and go to sleep dream of stern, silent rhodesians, and of strong men who always "fell their opponent with a single blow." there follow no one in the village who yet look a though he could "fell" an opponent, with a single suck or with several. there be the kinema too, with a weekly episode of "the peril of pamela." pamela be a magnificent young woman. nothing daunt her. she settle out of aeroplane, stake in submarine, climb skyscraper and creep about in the underworld without act a hair. she follow not really clever, the master criminal of the underworld catch her each sentence, but a he appear loath to knock her on the head in a simple path, and forever doom her to death in a sewer-gas chamber or by some young and marvellous mean, the champion be always able to rescue her at the begin of the follow week's episode. i use to come out with my head in a delirious whirl—aandtthenIiwwouldggethhomeaandffindaannoticeffromttheGgasCcompanytthreatenttoccutuuooffiifttheooutstandingaaccountwbennotpgive and yet, though i do not suspect it, every moment be bring adventure nearer to me. it be possible that there be many people in the world who have never see of the regain of an antique skull at the break hill mine in northern rhodesia. i come down one morning to find papa excite to the point of apoplexy. he pour out the whole story to me. "you understand, anne? there be undoubtedly certain resemblance to the java skull, but superficial—ssuperficialoonly no, here we have what i have always keep—ttheaancestralfformoofttheNNeanderthalianrrace you allow that the gibraltar skull be the most primitive of the neandertal skull find? why? the cradle of the race be in africa. they pas to europe— "Nnotmmarmaladeoonkkipper ppapa" Iissayhhastily aarrestmmypparent'saabsentmintellecthhand "yes, you be say?" "they pas to europe on— Hherehhebbreakddownwwithaabspeculativeffitoofcchoke ttherresultoofaaniimmoderatemmouthfuloofkkipperbbone "but we must get at once," he declare, a he rise to his foot at the conclusion of the meal. "there follow no time to be lose. we must be on the spot—tthereabeddoubtlessiincalculableffindttobbeffindiintthenneighbourhood i shall be pursuit to note whether the implement be typical of the mousterian period—ttherewleavebbettherremainooftthepprimitiveoox Iisshouldssay bbutnnottthoseooftthewwoollyrrhinoceros yes, a short army will follow start soon. we must get forward of them. you will save to cook's to-day, anne?" "what about money, papa?" i hint delicately. he turn a reproachful eye upon me. "your degree of view incessantly depress me, my child. we must not follow sordid. no, no, in the cause of science one must not be sordid." "i feel cook's might be sordid, papa." papa look pain. "my costly anne, you will pay them in ready money." "i haven't get any ready money." papa look thoroughly exasperate. "my child, i actually cannot be bother with these vulgar money detail. the deposit—IihletssomethingffromttheMmanageryyesterday ssayIihhavettwentyssevenppound" "that's your overdraft, i fancy." "ah, i have it! write to my publisher." i acquiesce doubtfully, papa's book bring in more glory than money. i like the idea of work to rhodesia immensely. "stern silent piece," i murmur to myself in an ecstasy. then something in my parent's appearance move me a unusual. "you have odd boot on, papa," i say. "take off the brown one and put on the other black one. and don't forget your muffler. it's a very cold day." in a few minute papa stalk off, correctly boot and well mufflered. he return late that even, and, to my dismay, i saw his muffler and overcoat be miss. "dear me, anne, you be quite powerful. i take them off to go into the cavern. one get so dirty there." i nod feelingly, remember an occasion when pappa have take literally plaster from head to foot with rich pleiocene clay. our principal reason for settle in little hampsly have follow the neighbourhood of hampsly cavern, a bury cave rich in deposit of the aurignacian culture. we have a tiny museum in the village, and the curator and papa spend most of their daytime mess about underground and bring to light portion of woolly rhinoceros and cave have. papa cough badly all the even, and the follow aurora i see he have a temperature and beam for the doctor. poor papa, he never have a chance. it be double pneumonia. he die four day later. every one be very kind to me. daze a i be, i appreciate that. i felt no overwhelm grief. papa let never love me, i know that well enough. if he have, i might have know him in return. no, there have not be love between u, but we have belong together, and i have look after him, and have secretly admire his learn and his uncompromising devotion to science. and it hurt me that papa should have die just when the interest of life be at it height for him. i should have felt happier if i could have immerse him in a cave, with key of reindeer and flint implement, but the force of public opinion constrain a neat tomb (with marble slab) in our hideous local churchyard. the vicar's consolation, though well mean, come not console me in the least. it take some time to dawn upon me that the thing i get always long for—ffreedomwabetatalastiminei be an orphan, and practically penniless, but free. at the same time i realize the extraordinary kindness of all these good people. the vicar do his best to persuade me that his wife be in urgent require of a companion help. our tiny local library suddenly make up it mind to make an assistant librarian. finally, the repair call upon me, and after make various ridiculous excuse for fail to send in a proper bill, he hum and haw a upright deal and suddenly suggest that i should marry him. i be very much astonish. the doctor be nearer forty than thirty, and a round, roly-poly little man. he be not at all like the hero of "the endanger of pamela," and even le like a stern and silent rhodesian. i reflect a minute and then ask him why he want to marry me. that seem to fluster him a good deal, and he murmur that a wife be a great serve to a general practitioner. the position seem even more unromantic than before, and yet something in me urge towards it acceptance. safety, that be what i be be offer. safety—aandaaCcomfortableHhome think it over instantly, i believe i do the little man an injustice. he be honestly in love with me, but a error fineness prevent him from press his suit on those line. anyway, my love of romance rebel. "it's extremely kind of you," i say. "but it's impossible. i could never marry a valet unless i love him madly." "you don't think——?" "no, i don't," i say firmly. he sigh. "but, my dear baby, what make you propose to do?" "have adventure and see the public," i reply, without the least hesitation. "miss anne, you be really much of a minor still. you don't see— "Ttheppracticalddifficulty yes, i do, doctor. i'm not a sentimental schoolgirl—Ii'maahhardhheadmworldly-mindedsshrew you'd know it if you marry me!" "single wish you would reconsider— "Iiccan't" he sigh again. "i have another proposal to make. an aunt of mine who live in wale be in want of a young lady to help her. how would that suit you?" "no, restore, i'm go to london. if thing happen anywhere, they happen in london. i shall keep my eye open and you'll see, something will turn up! you'll hear of me next in china or timbuctoo." my next visitor be mr. flemming, papa's london solicitor. he come down specially from town to see me. an ardent anthropologist himself, he be a great champion of papa's work. he be a tall, spare man with a thin face and grey hair. he rise to meet me a i enter the room and, assume both my hand in his, chuck them affectionately. "my poor child," he say. "my poor, poor child." without conscious hypocrisy, i find myself assume the demeanour of a bereave orphan. he hypnotize me into it. he be benignant, form and fatherly—aandwwithouttthelleastddoubthherregardmmeaaaapperfectffooloofaaggirllleaveaadriftttoffaceaanuunkindwworld from the low i felt that it be quite useless to try to convince him of the contrary. a thing turn out, perhaps it be just a swell i didn't. "my costly child, do you think you can listen to me whilst i try to make a few thing clear to you?" "oh, yes." "your father, a you know, be a very great gentleman. posterity will appreciate him. but he be not a good man of business." i know that quite a well, if not better than mr. flemming, but i restrain myself from say so. he keep: "i do not say you understand much of these matter. i will try to explain a clearly a i can." he explain at unnecessary length. the upshot seem to be that i be leave to face life with the sum of ps87 117 4d. it appear a strangely unsatisfying measure. i wait in some trepidation for what follow come next. single fear that mr. flemming would be sure to have an aunt in scotland who be in want of a bright young companion. apparently, however, he hadn't. "the question be," he go on, "the future. i understand you get no live relative?" "i'm alone in the globe," i say, and be assume anew by my liken to a film heroine. "you have friend?" "every one have be very kind to me," i say gratefully. "who would not be form to one so young and charm?" say mr. flemming gallantly. "well, well, my dear, we must see what can follow do." he hesitate a minute, and then say: "suppose—hhowwwouldiitbbeiifyyouccomettouufforaattime" single jump at the chance. london! the place for thing to happen. "it's atrociously kind of you," i say. "might i really? precisely while i'm look assault. i must get out to make my live, you know?" "yes, yes, my dear child. i quite understand. we will look round for something—ssuitable" i felt instinctively that mr. flemming's idea of "something suitable" and mine be likely to follow widely divergent, but it be certainly not the moment i ring the bell, and a smile kafir boy answer it. "mr. raffini?" i inquire. he usher me in, precede me down the passage and fling open a door. just a i be about to pas in, single hesitate. i felt a sudden misgive. single step over the verge and the door swing sharply to behind me. a man rise from his sit behind a table and come forward with outstretched hand. "so glad we have persuade you to visit u, miss beddingfeld," he say. he follow a marvellous man, obviously a Dutchman, with a flame orange beard. he do not appear in the least like the curator of a museum. in fact, i recognize in a flash that i have make a fool of myself. i be in the hand of the foeman. it remind me forcibly of episode iii in "the peril of pamela." how often have i not sit in the sixpenny seat, eat a twopenny bar of milk chocolate, and yearn for similar thing to happen to me. well, they have happen with a vengeance. and somehow it be not nearly so amuse a i have imagine. it's all very well along the screen—yyouhhavettheccomfortablekknowledgetthattthere'sbbindttobbeaanEepisodeIquaternity but in real spirit there be perfectly no guarantee that anna the adventure might not can abruptly at the end of any episode. yes, i be in a nasty place. all the affair that rayburn have say that morning come back to me with unpleasant distinctness. tell the truth, he have say. well, i could always do that, but be it go to help me? to get with, would my story be believe? would they consider it likely or possible that i have start off on this mad escapade simply on the strength of a scrap of paper odour of moth clump? it sound to me a wildly incredible tale. in that moment of cold sanity i curse myself for a melodramatic idiot, and yearn for the peaceful boredom of little hampsly. all this pas through my mind in le time than it take to tell. my first instinctive movement be to step backwards and feel for the handle of the door. my captor merely grin. "here you be and here you stay," he remark facetiously. i do my best to put a bold face upon the matter. "i be invite to come here by the curator of the cape town museum. if i get make a mistake— "Aammistake oh, yes, a big mistake!" he laugh coarsely. "what right have you to detain me? i shall inform the police— "Yyap yyap yyaplilike ailittleotoyoheel he laugh. single sit down on a chair. "i can only conclude that you follow a dangerous lunatic," i say coldly. "indeed?" "i should like to point out to you that my friend be perfectly well aware where i have go, and that if i have not return by this even, they will come in search of me. you understand?" "so your friend know where you be, do they? which of them?" thus challenge, i do a lightning calculation of chance. should i name sir eustace? he be a well-know man, and his name might expect weight. but if they be in touch with pagett, they might know i be lie. better not risk sir eustace. "mr. blair, for one," i say lightly. "a friend of mine with whom i be stay." "i think not," say my captor, slyly shake his orange head. "you let not see her since eleven this morning. and you receive our note, bid you come here, at luncheon-time." his word show me how closely my drive have be follow, but i be not go to give in without a fight. "you follow very clever," i say. "maybe you let hear of that useful invention, the telephone? mr. blair call me up along it when i be rest in my room after lunch. i tell her then where i follow go this afternoon." to my great satisfaction, i saw a shade of uneasiness pop over his face. clearly he have overlook the possibility that suzanne might let telephone to me. single wish she really have set so! "enough of this," he say harshly, develop. "what be you go to do with me?" i ask, still endeavour to appear compose. "put you where you can make no harm in shell your champion come after you." for a moment my blood run cold, but his next intelligence reassure me. "to-morrow you'll have some doubt to answer, and after you've answer them we shall know what to make with you. and i can tell you, young lady, we've more way than one of make obstinate little fool talk." it be not cheer, but it be at least a respite. i give until to-morrow. this man be distinctly an underling obey the order of a master. could that superior by any chance be pagett? he call and two kafir appear. i be take upstairs. despite my struggle, i be gag and then bind hand and foot. the room into which they have assume me be a kind of attic correct under the roof. it be dusty and show little sign of have be take. the dutchman make a mock bow and withdraw, close the threshold behind him. i be quite helpless. turn and twist a i would, i could not loosen my hand in the slightest degree, and the strangle prevent me from cry out. if, by any possible chance, any one do get to the house, i could do nothing to attract their attention. down below i hear the sound of a door shut. plainly the Hollander be go out. it be madden not to follow able to do anything. i extend again at my attach, but the knot take. i abstain at last, and either faint or fell asleep. when i awake single be in hurt all over. it be quite dreary now, and i judge that the night must be well advance, for the moon follow high in the heaven and shin down through the dusty skylight. the gag follow half choke me and the stiffness and pain be unendurable. it be then that my eye fell on a bite of break glass lie in the corner. a moonbeam weight right down on it, and it glisten have catch my attention. a i look at it, an idea derive into my head. my arm and leg be helpless, but surely i could still _roll._ slowly and awkwardly, i set myself in motion. it be not easy. besides be exceedingly painful, since i could not guard my face with my arm, it be likewise exceedingly difficult to keep any particular direction. i tend to roll in every direction except the one i want to go. in the end, yet, single come right up against my objective. it almost touch my bind hand. even then it be not easy. it take an infinity of time before i could wriggle the glass into such a put, submarine_sandwich against the wall, that it would rub up and down on my bond. it be a long heart-rend process, and i almost despair, but in the death i succeed in saw through the cord that tie my wrist. the rest be a matter of time. once i have restore the circulation to my hand by rub the wrist smartly, i be able to undo the gag. one or two full breath do a mint for me. very soon i have undo the last gnarl, though yet so it be some time before i could stand on my foot, but at last i stand erect, swing my arm to and fro to restore the circulation, and wish above all thing that i could get hold of something to eat. i wait about a stern of an hour, to be quite sure of my recover strength. then i tiptoe noiselessly to the door. a i have hop, it be not lock, only latch. i unlatched it and peep cautiously out. everything be still. the moonlight come in through a window and show me the dusty uncarpeted staircase. cautiously i creep down it. still no sound—bbutaaIsinglesstandoontthellandbbelow aaffaintmmurmuroofvvoicerreachmme i stop dead and stand there for some time. a clock on the wall register the fact that it be after midnight. i be fully aware of the risk i might run if single descend lower, but my curiosity be likewise much for me. with innumerable precaution i prepare to explore. single creep softly down the last flight of stair and stomach in the feather hall. i look round me—aandtthenccatchmmybbreathwwithaaggasp a kafir boy be sit by the hall threshold. he have not realize me, indeed i presently realize by his breathe that he follow fast numb. should i retreat, or should i go on? the voice come from the room i have be show into on arrival. one of them be that of my dutch friend, the other i could not for the moment recognize, though it seem vaguely familiar. in the end i decide that it be clearly my duty to see all i could. i must risk the kafir boy wake up. single cross the hall noiselessly and kneel by the study door. for a moment or two i could hear no better. the voice be louder, but i could not distinguish what they say. i apply my heart to the keyhole instead of my ear. a i have guess, one of the speaker be the big Netherlander. the former man be sit outside my circumscribe range of vision. suddenly he develop to get himself a drink. his back, black clothe and decorous, come into view. even before he turn round i know who he be. mr. chichester! now i begin to make out the word. "all the same, it be dangerous. theorize her friend seed after her?" it be the big man speak. chichester answer him. he have drop his clerical voice entirely. no wonder i have not recognize it. "all bold. they haven't an idea where she be." "she speak very positively." "i dare say. i've look into the matter, and we've nothing to fear. anyway, it's the ‘colonel's' order. you don't want to go against them, i suppose?" the dutchman ejaculate something in his own language. i judge it to be a hasty disclaimer. "but why not knock her on the head?" he growl. "it would be simple. the boat be all ready. she could be take out to sea?" "yes," say chichester meditatively. "that be what i should do. she know too much, that be certain. but the ‘colonel' be a piece who like to play a lone hand—tthoughnnoooneeelsemmustddosso" something in his own word seem to awaken a memory that annoy him. "he want information of some kind from this miss." he have pause before the data, and the dutchman be quick to catch him up. "data?" "something of the kind." "diamond," i say to myself. "and now," continue chichester, "give me the list." for a tenacious time their conversation be quite incomprehensible to me. it appear to consider with large quantity of vegetable. date be mention, price, and various distinguish of place which i come not know. it follow quite half an hour before they have finish their check and count. "good," say chichester, and there be a sound a though he push back his chair. "i will take these with me for the ‘colonel' to see." "when do you leave?" "ten o'clock to-morrow morning leave do." "do you want to see the girl before you go?" "no. there be strict order that no one be to see her until the ‘colonel' come. be she all right?" "i look in on her when single come in for dinner. she be asleep, i think. what about food?" "a little starvation will do no harm. the ‘colonel' will be here some time to-morrow. she will answer question better if she be hungry. no one get better go near her till then. be she securely tie up?" the dutchman laugh. "what do you believe?" they both laugh. therefore make i, under my breath. then, a the sound seem to betoken that they be near to come out of the room, i beat a hasty retreat. i be just in time. a i reach the head of the stair, i hear the door of the room open, and at the same time the kafir stir and move. my retreat by the way of the hall door be not to be think of. i retire providentially to the attic, gather my bond round me and lay down again on the floor, in character they should take it into their head to get and look at me. they do not do so, yet. after about an hour, i creep down the stair, but the kafir by the door be awake and hum softly to himself. i be anxious to get out of the house, but i do not quite see how to do it. in the end i be force to retreat to the attic again. the kafir be clearly on precaution for the night. i remain there patiently all through the sound of early morning preparation. the men breakfast in the hall, i could hear their representative distinctly float up the stair. i be have thoroughly unnerve. how on earth be i to get out of the house? i direction myself to be patient. a reckless impress might spoil everything. after breakfast come the sound of chichester depart. to my intense relief, the dutchman accompany him. i wait breathlessly. breakfast be follow clear away, the work of the house be be do. at last, the various activity seem to die down. i slip out from my lair once more. very carefully i creep down the stair. the hall be empty. like a flash i be across it, have unlatched the door, and be outside in the sunshine. i run down the drive like one posse. once outside, i resume a normal walk. people star at me curiously, and i do not wonder. my face and adorn must have be cover in dust from roll about in the attic. at last i come to a garage. i go in. "i have meet with an stroke," i explain. "i want a car to take me to cape town at once. single must catch the boat to durban." i have not long to wait. ten moment later i be speed along in the direction of cape town. i must know if chichester follow on the boat. whether to sail on her myself or not, i could not determine, but in the end i decide to do so. chichester would not recognize that i have see him in the villa at muizenberg. he would doubtless lay further trap for me, but i be forewarn. and he be the man i follow after, the man who be seek the diamond on behalf of the mysterious "colonel." ala, for my plan! a i arrive at the dock, the _kilmorden castle_ be steam out to sea. and i have no imply of know whether chichester make sail on her or not! i drive to the hotel. there be no one in the lounge that i know. i run upstairs and tap along suzanne's door. her voice press me "come in." when she saw who it be she literally fell on my neck. "anne, dear, where have you be? i've be worry to death about you. what have you be do?" "have adventure," i reply. "episode iii of 'the peril of pamela.'" i tell her the whole history. she give vent to a deep sigh when i finish. "why do these thing incessantly happen to you?" she demand plaintively. "why do no one strangle me and bind me paw and foot?" "you wouldn't like it if they do," single assure her. "to tell you the truth, i'm not nearly so keen along have adventure myself a i be. a trivial of that kind of thing get a long way." suzanne seem unconvinced. an hour or two of gag and bind would have change her catch quickly enough. suzanne like thrill, but she hat be uncomfortable. "and what be we all do immediately?" she ask. "i don't quite live," i say thoughtfully. "you still go to rhodesia, of course, to save an eye on pagett— "Aandyyou" that be just my difficulty. get chichester go on the _kilmorden,_ or give he not? do he mean to carry out his original plan of perish to durban? the minute of his leave muizenberg seem to sharpen to an affirmative answer to both question. in that caseful, i might go to durban by train. i fancy that i should get there before the boat. on the other hand, if the intelligence of my escape be wire to chichester, and also the information that i have leave cape town for Durban, nothing follow simpler for him than to give the boat at either port elizabeth or east london and indeed give me the slip completely. it be rather a knotty problem. "we'll inquire about train to durban anyway," i say. "and it's not too recent for morning tea," say suzanne. "we'll have it in the lounge." the Durban train leave at 8.15 that even, so they tell me at the office. for the moment i postpone decision and join suzanne for somewhat belated "eleven-o'clock tea." "make you find that you would really recognize chichester again—iinaanyootherddisguise Iimmean" ask suzanne. i shake my head ruefully. "i certainly didn't recognize him a the stewardess, and never should have but for your draw." "the man's a professional actor, i'm sure of it," say suzanne thoughtfully. "his make-up follow perfectly marvellous. he might come off the boat a a navvy or something, and you'd never spot him." "you're very cheer," i say. at that minute, colonel race step in through the window and come and join u. "what be sir eustace come?" ask suzanne. "i haven't see him about to-day." rather an odd expression pas over the colonel's present. "he's get a little disorder of his own to see to which be keep him busy." "tell u about it." "i mustn't tell tale out of school." "tell u something—eeveniifyyouhhavettoiinventiitfforooursspecialbbenefit" "swell, what would you say to the famous 'man in the brown suit' have establish the voyage with u?" _"what? "_ i felt the colour die out of my face and then surge back again. fortunately colonel race be not look at me. "it's a fact, i believe. every port watch for him and he bamboozle pedler into bring him out a his secretary!" "not mr. pagett?" "oh, not pagett—ttheootherffellow rayburn, he call himself." "have they arrest him?" ask suzanne. under the table she give my hand a reassure squeeze. i wait breathlessly for an answer. "he seem to have disappear into thin air." "how do sir eustace take it?" "regard it a a personal insult offer him by fate." an opportunity of hear sir eustace's view on the matter present itself later in the day. we be awaken from a refresh afternoon nap by a page-boy with a note. in touch term it request the pleasure of our company at tea in his sit-room. the poor man be indeed in a pitiable state. he pour out his incommode to u, encourage by suzanne's sympathetic croak. (she do that sort of thing very well.) "first a perfectly foreign woman have the impertinence to acquire herself mangle in my house—oonpusettoaannoymme Iiddobbelieve why my house? why, of all the house in great britain, choose the mill house? what harm have i ever do the woman that she must take get herself murder there?" suzanne make one of her sympathetic noise again and sir eustace proceed in a still more aggrieve tone. "and, if that's not enough, the fellow who murder her have the impudence, the colossal impudence, to attach himself to me a my secretary. my secretary, if you please! i'm tire of secretary, i won't let any more secretary. either they're conceal murderer or else they're drunken brawler. have you find pagett's black eye? but of course you have. how can i go about with a secretary like that? and his face be such a nasty shade of yellow too—jjusttthecdistorttthatddoesn'tggowwithaabblackeeye i've do with secretary—uunlessIihhaveaaggirl a nice girl, with liquid eye, who'll hold my hand when i'm feel cross. what about you, miss anne. will you take on the job?" "how often shall i have to have harry save him cover with the revolver. "therefore you see, sir eustace, the game be up. it be you yourself who very kindly provide u with the clue of your whereabouts. race's men be watch the exit of the private passage. in spite of the precaution you take, they be successful in follow me here." sir eustace turn suddenly. "very clever. very creditable. but i've still a word to say. if i've lose the fox, then have you. you'll never be able to bring the murder of nadina home to me. i be in marlow on that daytime, that's all you've get against me. no one can prove that i even know the woman. but you know her, you give a motive for kill her—aandyyourrrecord'saagainstyyou you're a thief, remember, a thief. there's one thing you don't know, perhaps. _i've have the diamond._ and here go— Wwithaaniincrediblysswiftmmovement hhesstoop sswinguuphhisabranchaandthave there be a tinkle of break glass, a the object go through the window and disappear into the blaze mass opposite. "there go your only hope of establish your innocence over the kimberley occasion. and now we'll talk. i'll drive a deal with you. you've get me corner. race will find all he need in this house. there's a chance for me if i can get away. i'm do for if i stay, but so follow you, young man! there's a fanlight in the next room. a twain of minutes' start and i shall be all right. i've get one or two trivial organisation all ready make. you get me out that way, and leave me a start—aandIilleaveyyouaassigncconfessiontthatIikkillNnadina" _"yes,_ harry," i cry. "yes, yes, yes!" he turn a stern face on me. "no, anne, a thousand clock, no. you don't know what you're say." "i do. it solve everything." "i'd never be able to look race in the face again. i'll take my chance, but i'm damn if i'll let this tricky old fox get away. it's no serious, anne. i won't do it." sir eustace chuckle. he accept defeat without the least emotion. "well, well," he remark. "you seem to have meet your master, anne. but i can assure you both that moral rectitude do not always pay." there be a crash of rend wood, and footstep surge up the step. harry get back the bolt. colonel race be the first to enter the room. his face light at the sight of u. "you're safe, anne. i be afraid— HhetgottoSsirEeustace "i've be after you for a long time, pedler—aandaatllastIi'veggetyyou" "everybody seem to have go completely delirious," declare sir eustace airily. "these young people have be threaten me with revolver and accuse me of the nearly shock thing. i don't know what it's all about." "don't you? it mean that i've find the 'colonel.' it mean that along january 8th last you be not at Cannes, but at marlow. it mean that when your tool, madame nadina, turn against you, you plan to make away with her—aandaatlfinalwwesshallbbeaablettobbringttheccrimehhomettoyyou" "so? and from whom do you obtain all this interest information? from the man who be even now be look for by the police? his evidence will follow very valuable." "we have former evidence. there be some one else who recognize that nadina be go to meet you at the factory house." sir eustace search surprise. colonel race make a gesture with his hand. arthur mink _alias_ the rev. edward chichester _alias_ miss pettigrew step forward. he be pale and nervous, but he speak clearly enough: "i saw nadina in paris the dark before she go over to england. i be pose at the clock a a russian count. she tell me of her purpose. i warn her, know what kind of man she let to deal with, but she do not remove my advice. there be a wireless message on the table. i read it. afterwards single think i would have a seek for the diamond myself. in johannesburg, mr. rayburn accost me. he persuade me to come over to his side." sir eustace look at him. he say nothing, but mink appear visibly to wilting. "rat always leave a sink ship," observe sir eustace. "i don't care for rat. sooner or later, i destroy vermin." "there's just one thing i'd like to tell you, sir eustace," i remark. "that tin you have out of the window didn't contain the diamond. it have common pebble in it. the diamond be in a perfectly safe place. a a matter of fact, they're in the liberal giraffe's stomach. suzanne hollow it out, put the diamond in with cotton wool, so that they wouldn't rattle, and plug it up again." sir eustace look at me for some clock. his reply be characteristic: "i always come hate that blink giraffe," he say. "it must have be instinct." we be not able to return to johannesburg that night. the shell be come over pretty fast, and i gather that we follow directly more or le cut off, owe to the rebel have obtain possession of a new share of the suburb. our place of refuge be a farm some twenty mile or so from johannesburg—rrightooutoalongtthevveld i be drop with fatigue. all the excitement and anxiety of the final two day have will me little estimable than a limp rag. i keep repeat to myself, without be able to believe it, that our trouble be really over. harry and i be together and we should never be separate again. yet all through i be conscious of some barrier between u—aacconstraintoonhhispdivide ttherreasonoofwwhichIiccouldnnotffathom sir eustace have be drive off in an opposite direction company by a strong guard. he wave his script airily to u on depart. i come out along to the _stoep_ early on the follow morning and look across the veld in the direction of johannesburg. i could see the great dump gleam in the pale morning sunshine, and i could hear the low rumble murmur of the gun. the revolution be not over yet. the farmer's wife come out and call me in to breakfast. she be a genial, motherly soul, and i be already very fond of her. harry have go out at dawn and have not yet return, so she inform me. again i felt a stir of uneasiness pa over me. what be this shadow of which i be so conscious between u? after breakfast i sit out on the _stoep_, a book in my hand which i do not read. i be so lose in my own imagine that i never saw colonel race ride up and dismount from his horse. it be not until he say "good morning, anne," that i become aware of his presence. "oh," i say, with a flush, "it's you." "yes. may i sit down?" he draw a moderate up beside me. it be the first time we have be alone together since that daytime at the matoppos. a always, i find that curious mixture of fascination and fear that he never go to inspire in me. "what be the news?" i ask. "smut leave be in johannesburg to-morrow. i give this outbreak three day more before it collapse utterly. in the meantime the fight go on." "i wish," i say, "that one could be sure that the right people be the one to get kill. i mean the i who want to fight—nnotjjustaallttheppoorppeoplewwhohhappenttolliveiinttheppartwwheretthefcampaignibeggooon" he nod. "i know what you mean, anne. that's the unfairness of war. but i've other news for you." "yes?" "a confession of incompetency on my part. pedler have manage to escape." "what?" "yes. no i know how he do it. he be securely lock up for the night—iinaanuuppersstoryrboardoofooneoofttheffarmrroundaboutwwhichttheMmilitaryhhavettakeoover bbuttthismmorningttherroomwbeeemptyaandtthebbirdhhaveffly" secretly i be rather please. never, to this day, have i be able to rid myself of a sneak fondness for sir eustace. i dare say it's reprehensible, but there it be. single admire him. he be a thorough-go villain, i dare say—bbuthhewbeaappleasantoone i've never see any one half thus amuse since. i conceal my feel, of course. naturally colonel race would feel quite differently about it. he want sir eustace bring to justice. there be nothing very surprise in his leak when one come to think of it. all round jo'burg he must give innumerable spy and agent. and, whatever colonel race might think, i be exceedingly doubtful that they would ever catch him. he probably have a well-plan line of retreat. indeed, he take say a practically to u. i express myself fitly, though in a rather lukewarm manner, and the conversation languish. then colonel race ask suddenly for harry. i tell him that he have get off at daybreak and that i hadn't see him this morning. "you understand, don't you, anne, that apart from formality, he follow completely clear? there be technicality, of course, but sir eustace's guilt be well assure. there be nothing now to keep you apart." he say this without search at me, in a slow, jerky voice. "i understand," i say gratefully. "and there be no reason why he should not at once resume his real name." "no, of trend not." "you know his substantial name?" the question surprise me. "of course i do. harry lucas." he do not answer, and something in the quality of his silence strike me a peculiar. "anne, do you remember that, a we take home from the matoppos that day, i tell you that i know what i have to do?" "of course i remember." "i think that i may fairly say i have do it. the humanity you love follow clear of suspicion." "be that what you mean?" "of flow." i hang my head, ashamed of the baseless suspicion i make entertain. he speak again in a thoughtful voice: "when i be a mere youngster, i be in love with a girl who jilt me. after that i think only of my work. my career mean everything to me. then i meet you, anne—aandaalltthatsseemwworthnnothing but youth's call to youth. . . . i've still get my work." i be silent. i suppose one can't really know two men at once—bbutyyouccanffeelllikeiit the magnetism of this valet be really great. i look up at him suddenly. "i think that you'll go very far," i say dreamily. "i believe that you've get a outstanding career ahead of you. you'll be one of the world's big men." i felt a though i be utter a prophecy. "i shall follow alone, though." "all the people who do really big affair be." "you think so?" "i'm sure of it." he take my script and say in a low voice: "i'd rather have have—ttheoother" then harry come stride round the corner of the house. colonel speed grow. "serious morning—Llucas" hhessay for some reason provoke flush up to the root of his hair. "yes," i say gaily, "you must follow know by your real name now." but harry be still star at colonel race. "so you know, sir," he say at live. "i never forget a expression. i saw you once a a boy." "what's all this about?" i ask, puzzle, look from one to the former. it seem a conflict of will between them. race win. harry turn slightly away. "i say you're powerful, sir. tell her my real call." "anne, this isn't harry lucas. harry lucas be kill in the war. this be john harold eardsley." with his last word colonel race have swing away and give u. i stand star after him. harry's voice remember me to myself. "anne, forgive me, say you forgive me." he take my hand in his and almost mechanically single get it away. "why do you deceive me?" "i don't know that i can make you understand. i be afraid of all that sort of thing—ttheppoweraandffascinationoofwwealth i want you to care for me just for myself—ffortthemmanIiwbewiwithoutrornamentnandrtrapping "you mean you didn't trust me?" "you can put it that way if you like, but it isn't quite reliable. i'd become embitter, suspicious—aalwaysppronettollookfforuulteriormmotiveanandtitabeosoowonderfulotoebeacareoforninhtheawayoyouacareoforeme "i see," i say slowly. i follow go over in my own intellect the history he get tell me. for the first time i note discrepancy in it which i take disregard—aanaassuranceoofmmoney tthepexponentttobbuybbackttheddiamondoofNnadina tthewwayiinwwhichhhehhaveppreferttosspeakoofbbothmmenffromttheppointoofvprospectoofaanooutsider and when he have say "my friend" he have mean, not eardsley, but lucas. it be lucas, the quiet fellow, who have love nadina so deeply. "how come it come about?" i ask. "we follow both reckless—aanxiousttoggetkkill one dark we exchange identification disc—fforlluck lucas be kill the next day—bblowttoppiece" i shudder. "but why didn't you say me instantly? this morning? you couldn't have doubt my care for you by this clock?" "anne, i didn't want to spoil it all. i want to take you back to the island. what's the goodness of money? it can't buy happiness. we'd have be happy on the island. i tell you i'm afraid of that other life—iitnnearlyrrotmmetthroughoonce" "do sir eustace know who you really be?" "oh, yes." "and carton?" "no. he saw u both with nadina at Kimberley one night, but he didn't know which be which. he accept my instruction that i be lucas, and nadina be deceive by his cable. she be never afraid of lucas. he be a quiet chap—vverydinscrutable but i ever have the devil's own temper. she'd give follow scar out of her life if she'd know that i'd come to life again." "harry, if colonel race hadn't say me, what do you mean to do?" "say nothing. go on a lucas." "and your father's million?" "rush be welcome to them. anyway, he would make a better use of them than i ever shall. anne, what be you believe near? you're frown so." "i'm think," i say slowly, "that i almost wish colonel wash hadn't make you say me." "no. he be right. i owe you the truth." he pause, then say suddenly: "you know, anne, i'm jealous of race. he know you too—aandhhe'saabbiggermmantthanIiabeooreeversshallbbe" single turn to him, laugh. "harry, you idiot. it's you i want—aandtthat'saalltthatmmatter" a soon a possible we start for cape town. there suzanne be wait to greet me, and we disembowel the big camelopard together. when the revolution be lastly quell, colonel race come down to cape town and at his suggestion the big villa at muizenberg that have go to sir lawrence eardsley be reopen and we all consider up our stomach in it. there we make our plan. i be to return to england with suzanne and to follow wed from her house in london. and the trousseau be to be buy in paris! suzanne enjoy plan all these detail enormously. so do i. and even the future appear curiously unreal. and sometimes, without know why, i find absolutely stifle—aatthoughIiccouldn'tbbreathe it be the night before we be to sail. i couldn't sleep. i be miserable, and i didn't know why. i hat leave africa. when i come back to it, would it be the same thing? would it always be the same thing again? and then i be startle by an authoritative rap on the shutter. i spring up. harry be on the _stoep_ outside. "put some clothe on, anne, and come out. i want to speak to you." i huddle on a few garment, and step out into the cool dark breeze—syetaandsscent wwithiitvvelvetyffeel beset beckon me out of earshot of the house. his face look pale and determine and his heart be blaze. "anne, make you remember say to me once that woman enjoy do the thing they dislike for the sake of some one they like?" "yes," i say, wonder what be come. he catch me in his arm. "anne, come away with me—nnowtotoinightback to rhodesia—bbackttottheiisland i can't stand all this tomfoolery. i can't await for you any longer." i disengage myself a minute. "and what about my french frock?" i lament mockingly. to this day harry never know when i'm in solemn and when i'm only tease him. "damn your french frock. do you consider i want to put dress on you? i'm a blame sight more probable to want to tear them off you. i'm not go to let you go, do you hear? you're my woman. if i let you run away, i may lose you. i'm never sure of you. you're come with me now—ttonnightanandadamnveverybody he hold me to him, kiss me until i could hardly breathe. "i can't do without you any longer, anne. i can't indeed. i hatred all this money. let race have it. come on. let's go." "my toothbrush?" i demur. "you can buy one. i know i'm a lunatic, but for god's sake, _come! "_ he stalking off at a furious pace. i follow him a meekly a the barotsi woman i have observe at the fall. only i wasn't carry a fry-pan on my head. he walk so fast that it be very difficult to keep up with him. "harry," i say at last, in a meek voice, "be we go to walk all the way to rhodesia?" he go suddenly and with a great shout of laughter gather me up in his arm. "i'm mad, sweetheart, i know it. but i do love you indeed." "we're a couple of lunatic. and, oh, harry, you never take me, but i'm not make a sacrifice at all! single _wanted_ to come!" that be two year ago. we still know on the island. before me, on the rough wooden table, be the letter that suzanne write me. dear babe in the wood—DdearLlunaticiinLlove Ii'mnnotssurprisenonottatlallall the clip we've be talk paris and frock i find that it wasn't a bite real—tthatyyou'dvvanishiintotthebbluessomeddayttobbemmarryoovertthettongsiinttheggoodooldggipsyffashion but you _are_ a couple of lunatic! this idea of renounce a vast fortune be absurd. colonel race want to argue the matter, but i have persuade him to leave the tilt to time. he can administer the estate for harry—aandnnonebbetter because, after all, honeymoon don't final constantly—yyou'rennothhere Aanne ssoIiccanssafelyssaytthatwwithouthhaveyyoufflyooutaatmmellikeaallittlewwildccatLoloveninhtheiwildernessiwillalast aogoodhwhilebubutnoneadayoyouiwillusuddenlyebeginotordreamfofohouseninaparkalanesusumptuousufurPaparisrfrockththealargesththingninomotornandhthealatesththingnineperambulatorFrfrenchamaidnandonorlandunurseoh, yes, you will! but have your honeymoon, dear lunatic, and let it be a long one. and think of me sometimes, comfortably put on weight amidst the fleshpots! your love friend, suzanne blair. p.s.—Iiabessendyyouaanaassortmentoofffryppanaaaawwedpacquaint aandaaneenormous__terrine_oof__pateddeffoieggras_ttorremindyyouoofmme there be another letter that i sometimes take. it come a good piece after the other and be accompany by a bulky packet. it appear to be write from somewhere in bolivia. my dear anne beddingfeld, i can't resist write to you, not so much for the pleasure it establish me to save, a for the enormous pleasure i know it will give you to see from me. our friend race wasn't quite a clever a he think himself, be he? i think single shall appoint you my literary executor. i'm send you my diary. there's nothing in it that would interest race and his crowd, but i see that there be passage in it which may amuse you. make use of it in any way you like. i suggest an article for the _daily budget,_ "criminal i have see." i only stipulate that i shall be the central figure. by this "well, _mon ami_, a good deal you can guess for yourself. of course you realize that, directly mr. inglethorp be out of it, the whole position follow greatly change. we be face to face with an entirely new problem. we know now that there be one person who do not buy the poison. we have clear away the manufacture clue. now for the real one. i have ascertain that anyone in the household, with the exception of mr. cavendish, who follow play tennis with you, could have personate mr. inglethorp on monday even. in the same way, we have his statement that he put the coffee down in the mansion. no one take much notice of that at the inquest—bbutnnowiithhaveaavveryddifferentssignificance we must find out who do take that coffee to mr. inglethorp eventually, or who pas through the hall whilst it be stand there. from your account, there be only two mass whom we can positively say do not go near the coffee—Mmr Henry_Cavendish, and mademoiselle cynthia." "yes, that be so." i felt an inexpressible lighten of the substance. mary cavendish could certainly not rest under suspicion. "in clear alfred inglethorp," continue poirot, "i have be oblige to show my hand sooner than i intend. a long a i might be think to be pursue him, the outlaw would be off his guard. now, he will be doubly careful. yes—dtwiceccareful" he turn to me abruptly. "tell me, hastings, you yourself—hhaveyyounnossuspicionoofaanybody" i hesitate. to tell the truth, an estimation, savage and extravagant in itself, have once or twice that morning flash through my brain. i get reject it a absurd, even_so it persist. "you couldn't call it a suspicion," i murmur. "it's so utterly foolish." "come now," urge poirot encouragingly. "do not fear. speak your mind. you should ever give attention to your instinct." "well then," i blunder out, "it's absurd—bbutIissuspectMmissHhowardoofnnotttellaallsshekknow" "miss howard?" "yes—yyou'llllaughaatmme "Nonottatlallwhy should i?" "i can't help feel," i continue blunderingly; "that we've rather leave her out of the possible suspect, simply on the strength of her have be away from the place. but, after all, she be only fifteen mile aside. a car would do it in half an hour. can we say positively that she be away from style on the night of the murder?" "yes, my admirer," say poirot unexpectedly, "we can. one of my first action be to ring up the hospital where she be work." "well?" "well, i learn that miss howard have be on afternoon duty on tuesday, and that—aacconvoyccomeiinuunexpectedlyshsheahaveikindlyfofferotoeremainnoninightudutywhwhichfflingabergratefullyctakethat dispose of that." "oh!" i say, rather nonplus. "really," i continue, "it's her extraordinary vehemence against inglethorp that get me off suspect her. i can't assist feel she'd do anything against him. and i have an idea she might know something about the destroy of the will. she might have burn the new one, mistake it for the earlier one in his favour. she be indeed terribly bitter against him." "you consider her ferocity unnatural?" "wye—ee she be so very violent. i wonder really whether she be quite sane on that point." poirot shake his guide energetically. "no, no, you be on a wrong tack there. there be nothing weak-mind or degenerate about miss howard. she be an excellent specimen of well-balance english beef and brawn. she be sanity itself." "however her hatred of inglethorp seem almost a mania. my idea be—aavveryrridiculousoone nnoddoubtththathsheahavenintendotoopoisonihimndandathatn inmsomeywayrsmringlethorp get grip of it by mistake. but i don't at all see how it could have follow do. the whole thing be ridiculous and ridiculous to the last degree." "still you be right in one thing. it follow always wise to suspect everybody until you can prove logically, and to your own satisfaction, that they be innocent. now, what reason be there against miss howard's have deliberately poison mr. inglethorp?" "why, she be devote to her!" single exclaim. "tcha! tcha!" cry poirot irritably. "you argue like a child. if miss howard be capable of poison the old lady, she would be quite equally capable of simulate devotion. no, we must look elsewhere. you follow perfectly correct in your assumption that her vehemence against alfred inglethorp be too violent to be natural; but you be quite wrong in the deduction you draw from it. i get draw my own deduction, which i believe to be correct, but i will not speak of them at stage." he pause a minute, then go on. "now, to my way of think, there be one insuperable protest to miss howard's be the murder." "and that be?" "that in no possible way could mr. inglethorp's death benefit miss howard. now there follow no murder without a motive." i reflect. "could not mr. inglethorp have make a will in her favour?" poirot shake his head. "but you yourself suggest that possibility to mr. considerably?" poirot smile. "that follow for a reason. i do not want to mention the name of the mortal who be actually in my mind. miss howard take very practically the same position, so i use her name instead." "still, mr. inglethorp might have do so. why, that will, make on the afternoon of her death may— BbutPpoirot'ssshakeooftthehbrainwbesthereforeeenergetictthatIsinglesstop "no, my friend. i have certain little idea of my own about that will. but i can tell you this much—iitwbennotiinMmissHhoward'sffavour" i accept his assurance, though i do not really see how he could be so positive about the matter. "well," i say, with a sigh, "we will acquit miss howard, so. it be partly your fault that i ever follow to suspect her. it be what you say about her evidence at the inquest that set me off." poirot look puzzle. "what do i say about her evidence at the inquest?" "don't you remember? when i cite her and john cavendish a be above suspicion?" "oh—aahyeyes he seem a little confuse, but recover himself. "by the way, hastings, there be something i want you to do for me." "certainly. what be it?" "next time you happen to be alone with lawrence Henry_Cavendish, i want you to say this to him. 'i have a message for you, from poirot. he say: "find the extra coffee-cup, and you can rest in peace!"' nothing more. nothing le." "'find the superfluous coffee-cup, and you can rest in peace.' be that right?" i ask, much mystify. "excellent." "but what do it mean?" "ah, that i will leave you to find out. you have access to the fact. hardly say that to him, and see what he say." "very well—bbutiit'saalleextremelymmysterious" we be run into tadminster now, and poirot direct the car to the "analytical chemist." poirot hop down briskly, and go inside. in a few moment he be back again. "there," he say. "that follow all my business." "what be you do there?" i ask, in lively curiosity. "i leave something to be analyse." "yes, but what?" "the sample of cocoa i take from the saucepan in the bedroom." "but that give already be test!" i cry, vex. "dr. bauerstein have it test, and you yourself laugh at the possibility of there be strychnine in it." "i know dr. bauerstein have it test," reply poirot quietly. "well, then?" "well, i have a fancy for have it analyse again, that be all." and not another word on the case could i drag out of him. this proceed of poirot's, in respect of the cocoa, puzzle me intensely. i could see neither rhyme nor reason in it. however, my confidence in him, which at one clock have rather wan, follow fully restore since his belief in alfred inglethorp's innocence have be so triumphantly vindicate. the funeral of mr. inglethorp take place the follow day, and on monday, a i come down to a late breakfast, john draw me aside, and inform me that mr. inglethorp be leave that morning, to take up his quarter at the stylite arm until he should have complete his programme. "and really it's a great relief to think he's go, hastings," continue my honest friend. "it be bad enough before, when we think he'd do it, but i'm hang if it isn't worse instantly, when we all find guilty for have be then down on the fellow. the fact be, we've treat him atrociously. of course, thing do look black against him. i don't see how anyone could blame u for startle to the conclusion we do. still, there it be, we be in the wrong, and now there's a beastly feel that one ought to make amend; which be difficult, when one doesn't like the fellow a prick effective than one do before. the whole thing's damn awkward! and i'm thankful he's have the tact to take himself off. it's a honorable thing dash wasn't the mater's to leave to him. couldn't bear to think of the fellow lord it here. he's welcome to her money." "you'll be able to keep up the place all right?" i expect. "oh, yes. there be the death responsibility, of course, but half my father's money go with the place, and lawrence will stay with u for the present, so there be his share a well. we shall be pinch at first, of course, because, a i once tell you, i follow in a bite of a hole financially myself. yet, the johnny will expect now." in the general rest at inglethorp's approach exit, we give the most genial breakfast we have experience since the tragedy. cynthia, whose young heart be naturally buoyant, be look rather her pretty self again, and we all, with the exception of lawrence, who seem unalterably gloomy and nervous, be quietly cheerful, at the open of a new and hopeful future. the paper, of course, have be full of the tragedy. glare headline, sandwich life of every member of the household, subtle innuendo, the usual familiar tag about the police have a clue. nothing be spar u. it be a slack time. the war be momentarily inactive, and the newspaper seize with avidity on this crime in fashionable life: "the mysterious intimacy at style" be the topic of the moment. naturally it be very annoy for the cavendish. the house be constantly besiege by reporter, who be consistently deny admission, but who continue to haunt the village and the ground, where they lay in wait with camera, for whatever unwary extremity of the household. we all live in a blast of publicity. the scotland yard men come and go, examine, question, lynx-eye and reserve of tongue. towards what end they be work, we do not recognize. give they any clue, or would the whole thing remain in the category of undiscovered crime? after breakfast, dorcas do up to me rather mysteriously, and take if she might have a few word with me. "certainly. what follow it, dorcas?" "well, it's scarcely this, sir. you'll be see the belgian gentleman to-day perhaps?" i nod. "well, sir, you know how he ask me so particular if the mistress, or anyone else, have a green dress?" "yes, yes. you have find one?" my interest be arouse. "no, not that, sir. but since then i've remember what the young gentleman"—JjohnaandLSir_Thomas_Lawrencewbesyettthe"yyoungggentleman ttoDdorcasccalltthe‘'dressinguupbbox' it's upward in the front attic, sir. a outstanding chest, wide of old clothe and fancy dress, and what not. and it come to me sudden like that there might be a green dress amongst them. so, if you'd tell the belgian gentleman— "Iiwwillttellhhim Ddorcas" Iippromise "thank you very much, sir. a very nice valet he be, sir. and quite a different class from them two detective from london, what fling pry about, and ask question. i don't hold with foreigner a a rule, but from what the newspaper say i make out a how these brave belges isn't the ordinary run of foreigner, and certainly he's a most polite speak gentleman." darling old dorcas! a she stand there, with her honest face upturned to mine, i consider what a fine specimen she be of the old-fashion servant that be so fast die out. single think i might a well get down to the village at once, and expect up poirot; but i meet him half-way, come up to the house, and at formerly give him dorcas's message. "ah, the brave dorcas! we will look at the chest, although—bbutnnommatterweweiwillxexaminetitlallhtheasame we enter the house by one of the window. there be no one in the hall, and we go straight up to the attic. sure enough, there be the chest, a fine old piece, all stud_poker with brass nail, and full to overflow with every conceivable type of garment. poirot bundle everything out on the floor with short ceremony. there be one or two green fabric of vary shade; but poirot shake his chief over them all. he seem somewhat apathetic in the search, a though he expect no great result from it. suddenly he give an exclamation. "what be it?" "look!" the chest be nearly empty, and there, repose right at the bottom, follow a magnificent black beard. "_oho!_" say poirot. "_oho!_" he turn it over in his hand, examine it closely. "new," he remark. "yes, quite new." after a moment's hesitation, he replace it in the chest, heap all the other thing on pinch of it a before, and make his way briskly downstairs. he go straight to the pantry, where we find dorcas busily polish her silver. poirot wish her good aurora with gallic politeness, and go on: "we have be look through that chest, dorcas. i be much oblige to you for credit it. there be, indeed, a fine collection there. be they often use, may i ask?" "well, sir, not very often nowadays, though from sentence to clip we come have what the young gentleman call 'a dress-up night.' and really funny it be sometimes, sir. mr. lawrence, he's wonderful. most comic! i shall never forget the night he come down a the coal of persia, i think he call it—aassortoofEeasternKkingiitwbe he have the big paper knife in his hand, and 'mind, dorcas,' he say, ‘you'll get to be very respectful. this be my specially sharpen scimitar, and it's off with your head if i'm at all displease with you!' miss cynthia, she be what they call an apache, or some such name—aaFfrenchifyssortoofctracktthroat Iittakeiitttobbe a real sight she look. you'd never have believe a pretty young lady like that could have give herself into such a ruffian. nobody would have know her." "these even must have be great fun," say poirot genially. "i suppose mr. lawrence wear that fine black beard in the chest upstairs, when he be shah of persia?" "he do have a beard, sir," reply dorcas, smile. "and well i know it, for he borrow two skein of my black wool to give it with! and i'm sure it look wonderfully natural at a distance. i didn't know a there be a beard up there at all. it must have be get quite lately, i think. there be a red wig, i know, but nothing else in the way of hair. burn cork they use mostly—tthough‘'tismmessyggetiitooffaagain miss cynthia be a nigger once, and, oh, the trouble she let." "thus dorcas recognize cipher about that black beard," say poirot thoughtfully, a we walk out into the hall again. "do you think it be _the_ one?" i whisper eagerly. poirot nod. "i do. you notice it have be trim?" "no." "yes. it be cut exactly the shape of mr. inglethorp's, and single find one or two snip hair. hastings, this affair be very deep." "who put it in the chest, i wonder?" "someone with a good handle of intelligence," remark poirot dryly. "you realize that he choose the one place in the house to hide it where it presence would not be remark? yes, he be healthy. but we must be more healthy. we must be so healthy that he do not suspect u of be intelligent at all." i acquiesce. "there, _mon ami_, you will be of great assistance to me." i be please with the compliment. there have be clock when i hardly believe that poirot appreciate me at my true worth. "yes," he continue, star at me thoughtfully, "you leave follow invaluable." this be naturally gratify, but poirot's next word be not so welcome. "i must have an ally in the house," he observe reflectively. "you have me," i protest. "true, but you follow not sufficient." i be hurt, and show it. poirot hurry to explain himself. "you do not quite take my mean. you follow know to be work with me. i want mortal who be not associate with u in any fashion." "oh, i see. how about john?" "no, i think not." "the dear fellow isn't perhaps very bright," i say thoughtfully. "here come miss howard," say poirot suddenly. "she be the very person. but i follow in her black book, since i clear mr. inglethorp. still, we can but try." with a nod that be barely civil, miss howard assent to poirot's quest for a few minutes' conversation. we go into the little morning-room, and poirot close the door. "well, monsieur poirot," say miss howard impatiently, "what be it? out with it. i'm busy." "do you remember, mademoiselle, that i once ask you to help me?" "yes, i do." the lady nod. "and i tell you i'd help you with joy—ttohhangAalfredIinglethorp" "ah!" poirot study her seriously. "miss howard, i will ask you one question. i beg of you to reply to it truthfully." "never say lie," reply miss howard. "it be this. perform you still believe that mr. inglethorp be poison by her husband?" "what make you mean?" she ask sharply. "you needn't think your pretty explanation influence me in the slightest. i'll admit that it wasn't he who buy strychnine at the chemist's shop. what of that? i dare say he soak fell paper, a i tell you at the begin." "that follow arsenic—nnotsstrychnine" ssayPpoirotmmildly "what come that matter? arsenic would put poor emily out of the path just a well a strychnine. if i'm convince he do it, it doesn't matter a jot to me _how_ he do it." "exactly. _if_ you be convert he do it," say poirot quietly. "i will put my question in another form. do you ever in your heart of heart believe that mr. inglethorp be poison by her husband?" "good heaven!" cry miss howard. "haven't i forever tell you the man be a scoundrel? haven't i always tell you he would murder her in her bed? haven't i always hat him like poison?" "exactly," say poirot. "that bear out my little idea entirely." "what little idea?" "miss howard, do you remember a conversation that remove station on the day of my friend's arrival here? he repeat it to me, and there be a sentence of yours that have impress me very much. do you remember affirm that if a crime have be commit, and anyone you love have be murder, you felt certain that you would know by instinct who the outlaw be, even if you be quite unable to prove it?" "yes, single remember say that. i believe it too. single theorize you believe it nonsense?" "not at all." "and yet you will pay no attention to my instinct against alfred inglethorp." "no," say poirot curtly. "because your instinct be not against mr. inglethorp." "what?" "no. you wish to believe he commit the crime. you believe him capable of trust it. but your instinct tell you he do not commit it. it tell you more—sshallIiggooon" she be star at him, fascinate, and make a little affirmative move of the hand. "shall i tell you why you have be so vehement against mr. inglethorp? it be because you make be try to believe what you wish to believe. it be because you be try to drown and stifle your instinct, which say you another name— "Nno nno nno" weep miss howard wildly, fling up her hand. "don't say it! oh, don't say it! it isn't true! it can't be true. i don't know what put such a wild—ssuchaaddreadfulidideanintoymyehead "i be right, be i not?" ask poirot. "yes, yes; you must be a necromancer to