Disdaining the spiky pen and thick, black treacle which a beneficent Government had provided, Tuppence drew out Tommy's pencil which she had retained and wrote rapidly: "Don't put in advertisement. Will explain to-morrow." She addressed it to Tommy at his club, from which in one short month he would have to resign, unless a kindly fortune permitted him to renew his subscription. "It may catch him," she murmured. "Anyway, it's worth trying." After handing it over the counter she set out briskly for home, stopping at a baker's to buy three penny-worth of new buns. Later, in her tiny cubicle at the top of the house she munched buns and reflected on the future. What was the Esthonia Glassware Co., and what earthly need could it have for her services? A pleasurable thrill of excitement made Tuppence tingle. At any rate, the country vicarage had retreated into the background again. The morrow held possibilities. It was a long time before Tuppence went to sleep that night, and, when at length she did, she dreamed that Mr. Whittington had set her to washing up a pile of Esthonia Glassware, which bore an unaccountable resemblance to hospital plates! It wanted some five minutes to eleven when Tuppence reached the block of buildings in which the offices of the Esthonia Glassware Co. were situated. To arrive before the time would look over-eager. So Tuppence decided to walk to the end of the street and back again. She did so. On the stroke of eleven she plunged into the recesses of the building. The Esthonia Glassware Co. was on the top floor. There was a lift, but Tuppence chose to walk up. Slightly out of breath, she came to a halt outside the ground glass door with the legend painted across it "Esthonia Glassware Co." Tuppence knocked. In response to a voice from within, she turned the handle and walked into a small rather dirty outer office. A middle-aged clerk got down from a high stool at a desk near the window and came towards her inquiringly. "I have an appointment with Mr. Whittington," said Tuppence. "Will you come this way, please." He crossed to a partition door with "Private" on it, knocked, then opened the door and stood aside to let her pass in. Mr. Whittington was seated behind a large desk covered with papers. Tuppence felt her previous judgment confirmed. There was something wrong about Mr. Whittington. The combination of his sleek prosperity and his shifty eye was not attractive. He looked up and nodded. "So you've turned up all right? That's good. Sit down, will you?" Tuppence sat down on the chair facing him. She looked particularly small and demure this morning. She sat there meekly with downcast eyes whilst Mr. Whittington sorted and rustled amongst his papers. Finally he pushed them away, and leaned over the desk. "Now, my dear young lady, let us come to business." His large face broadened into a smile. "You want work? Well, I have work to offer you. What should you say now to £100 down, and all expenses paid?" Mr. Whittington leaned back in his chair, and thrust his thumbs into the arm-holes of his waistcoat. Tuppence eyed him warily. "And the nature of the work?" she demanded. "Nominal--purely nominal. A pleasant trip, that is all." "Where to?" Mr. Whittington smiled again. "Paris." "Oh!" said Tuppence thoughtfully. To herself she said: "Of course, if father heard that he would have a fit! But somehow I don't see Mr. Whittington in the role of the gay deceiver." "Yes," continued Whittington. "What could be more delightful? To put the clock back a few years--a very few, I am sure--and re-enter one of those charming _pensionnats de jeunes filles_ with which Paris abounds----" Tuppence interrupted him. "A _pensionnat?_" "Exactly. Madame Colombier's in the Avenue de Neuilly." Tuppence knew the name well. Nothing could have been more select. She had had several American friends there. She was more than ever puzzled. "You want me to go to Madame Colombier's? For how long?" "That depends. Possibly three months." "And that is all? There are no other conditions?" "None whatever. You would, of course, go in the character of my ward, and you would hold no communication with your friends. I should have to request absolute secrecy for the time being. By the way, you are English, are you not?" "Yes." "Yet you speak with a slight American accent?" "My great pal in hospital was a little American girl. I dare say I picked it up from her. I can soon get out of it again." "On the contrary, it might be simpler for you to pass as an American. Details about your past life in England might be more difficult to sustain. Yes, I think that would be decidedly better. Then----" "One moment, Mr. Whittington! You seem to be taking my consent for granted." Whittington looked surprised. "Surely you are not thinking of refusing? I can assure you that Madame Colombier's is a most high-class and orthodox establishment. And the terms are most liberal." "Exactly," said Tuppence. "That's just it. The terms are almost too liberal, Mr. Whittington. I cannot see any way in which I can be worth that amount of money to you." "No?" said Whittington softly. "Well, I will tell you. I could doubtless obtain some one else for very much less. What I am willing to pay for is a young lady with sufficient intelligence and presence of mind to sustain her part well, and also one who will have sufficient discretion not to ask too many questions." Tuppence smiled a little. She felt that Whittington had scored. "There's another thing. So far there has been no mention of Mr. Beresford. Where does he come in?" "Mr. Beresford?" "My partner," said Tuppence with dignity. "You saw us together yesterday." "Ah, yes. But I'm afraid we shan't require his services." "Then it's off!" Tuppence rose. "It's both or neither. Sorry--but that's how it is. Good morning, Mr. Whittington." "Wait a minute. Let us see if something can't be managed. Sit down again, Miss----" He paused interrogatively. Tuppence's conscience gave her a passing twinge as she remembered the archdeacon. She seized hurriedly on the first name that came into her head. "Jane Finn," she said hastily; and then paused open-mouthed at the effect of those two simple words. All the geniality had faded out of Whittington's face. It was purple with rage, and the veins stood out on the forehead. And behind it all there lurked a sort of incredulous dismay. He leaned forward and hissed savagely: "So that's your little game, is it?" Tuppence, though utterly taken aback, nevertheless kept her head. She had not the faintest comprehension of his meaning, but she was naturally quick-witted, and felt it imperative to "keep her end up" as she phrased it. Whittington went on: "Been playing with me, have you, all the time, like a cat and mouse? Knew all the time what I wanted you for, but kept up the comedy. Is that it, eh?" He was cooling down. The red colour was ebbing out of his face. He eyed her keenly. "Who's been blabbing? Rita?" Tuppence shook her head. She was doubtful as to how long she could sustain this illusion, but she realized the importance of not dragging an unknown Rita into it. "No," she replied with perfect truth. "Rita knows nothing about me." His eyes still bored into her like gimlets. "How much do you know?" he shot out. "Very little indeed," answered Tuppence, and was pleased to note that Whittington's uneasiness was augmented instead of allayed. To have boasted that she knew a lot might have raised doubts in his mind. "Anyway," snarled Whittington, "you knew enough to come in here and plump out that name." "It might be my own name," Tuppence pointed out. "It's likely, isn't it, then there would be two girls with a name like that?" "Or I might just have hit upon it by chance," continued Tuppence, intoxicated with the success of truthfulness. Mr. Whittington brought his fist down upon the desk with a bang. "Quit fooling! How much do you know? And how much do you want?" The last five words took Tuppence's fancy mightily, especially after a meagre breakfast and a supper of buns the night before. Her present part was of the adventuress rather than the adventurous order, but she did not deny its possibilities. She sat up and smiled with the air of one who has the situation thoroughly well in hand. "My dear Mr. Whittington," she said, "let us by all means lay our cards upon the table. And pray do not be so angry. You heard me say yesterday that I proposed to live by my wits. It seems to me that I have now proved I have some wits to live by! I admit I have knowledge of a certain name, but perhaps my knowledge ends there." "Yes--and perhaps it doesn't," snarled Whittington. "You insist on misjudging me," said Tuppence, and sighed gently. "As I said once before," said Whittington angrily, "quit fooling, and come to the point. You can't play the innocent with me. You know a great deal more than you're willing to admit." Tuppence paused a moment to admire her own ingenuity, and then said softly: "I shouldn't like to contradict you, Mr. Whittington." "So we come to the usual question--how much?" Tuppence was in a dilemma. So far she had fooled Whittington with complete success, but to mention a palpably impossible sum might awaken his suspicions. An idea flashed across her brain. "Suppose we say a little something down, and a fuller discussion of the matter later?" Whittington gave her an ugly glance. "Blackmail, eh?" Tuppence smiled sweetly. "Oh no! Shall we say payment of services in advance?" Whittington grunted. "You see," explained Tuppence still sweetly, "I'm so very fond of money!" "You're about the limit, that's what you are," growled Whittington, with a sort of unwilling admiration. "You took me in all right. Thought you were quite a meek little kid with just enough brains for my purpose." "Life," moralized Tuppence, "is full of surprises." "All the same," continued Whittington, "some one's been talking. You say it isn't Rita. Was it----? Oh, come in." The clerk followed his discreet knock into the room, and laid a paper at his master's elbow. "Telephone message just come for you, sir." Whittington snatched it up and read it. A frown gathered on his brow. "That'll do, Brown. You can go." The clerk withdrew, closing the door behind him. Whittington turned to Tuppence. "Come to-morrow at the same time. I'm busy now. Here's fifty to go on with." He rapidly sorted out some notes, and pushed them across the table to Tuppence, then stood up, obviously impatient for her to go. The girl counted the notes in a businesslike manner, secured them in her handbag, and rose. "Good morning, Mr. Whittington," she said politely. "At least, au revoir, I should say." "Exactly. Au revoir!" Whittington looked almost genial again, a reversion that aroused in Tuppence a faint misgiving. "Au revoir, my clever and charming young lady." Tuppence sped lightly down the stairs. A wild elation possessed her. A neighbouring clock showed the time to be five minutes to twelve. "Let's give Tommy a surprise!" murmured Tuppence, and hailed a taxi. The cab drew up outside the tube station. Tommy was just within the entrance. His eyes opened to their fullest extent as he hurried forward to assist Tuppence to alight. She smiled at him affectionately, and remarked in a slightly affected voice: "Pay the thing, will you, old bean? I've got nothing smaller than a five-pound note!" THE moment was not quite so triumphant as it ought to have been. To begin with, the resources of Tommy's pockets were somewhat limited. In the end the fare was managed, the lady recollecting a plebeian twopence, and the driver, still holding the varied assortment of coins in his hand, was prevailed upon to move on, which he did after one last hoarse demand as to what the gentleman thought he was giving him? "I think you've given him too much, Tommy," said Tuppence innocently. "I fancy he wants to give some of it back." It was possibly this remark which induced the driver to move away. "Well," said Mr. Beresford, at length able to relieve his feelings, "what the--dickens, did you want to take a taxi for?" "I was afraid I might be late and keep you waiting," said Tuppence gently. "Afraid--you--might--be--late! Oh, Lord, I give it up!" said Mr. Beresford. "And really and truly," continued Tuppence, opening her eyes very wide, "I haven't got anything smaller than a five-pound note." "You did that part of it very well, old bean, but all the same the fellow wasn't taken in--not for a moment!" "No," said Tuppence thoughtfully, "he didn't believe it. That's the curious part about speaking the truth. No one does believe it. I found that out this morning. Now let's go to lunch. How about the _Savoy?_" Tommy grinned. "How about the _Ritz?_" "On second thoughts, I prefer the _Piccadilly_. It's nearer. We shan't have to take another taxi. Come along." "Is this a new brand of humour? Or is your brain really unhinged?" inquired Tommy. "Your last supposition is the correct one. I have come into money, and the shock has been too much for me! For that particular form of mental trouble an eminent physician recommends unlimited _Hors d'œuvre_, Lobster _à l'américane_, Chicken Newberg, and Pêche Melba! Let's go and get them!" "Tuppence, old girl, what has really come over you?" "Oh, unbelieving one!" Tuppence wrenched open her bag. "Look here, and here, and here!" "Great Jehosaphat! My dear girl, don't wave Fishers aloft like that!" "They're not Fishers. They're five times better than Fishers, and this one's ten times better!" Tommy groaned. "I must have been drinking unawares! Am I dreaming, Tuppence, or do I really behold a large quantity of five-pound notes being waved about in a dangerous fashion?" "Even so, O King! _Now_, will you come and have lunch?" "I'll come anywhere. But what have you been doing? Holding up a bank?" "All in good time. What an awful place Piccadilly Circus is. There's a huge bus bearing down on us. It would be too terrible if they killed the five-pound notes!" "Grill room?" inquired Tommy, as they reached the opposite pavement in safety. "The other's more expensive," demurred Tuppence. "That's mere wicked wanton extravagance. Come on below." "Are you sure I can get all the things I want there?" "That extremely unwholesome menu you were outlining just now? Of course you can--or as much as is good for you, anyway." "And now tell me," said Tommy, unable to restrain his pent-up curiosity any longer, as they sat in state surrounded by the many _hors d'œuvre_ of Tuppence's dreams. Miss Cowley told him. "And the curious part of it is," she ended, "that I really did invent the name of Jane Finn! I didn't want to give my own because of poor father--in case I should get mixed up in anything shady." "Perhaps that's so," said Tommy slowly. "But you didn't invent it." "What?" "No. _I_ told it to you. Don't you remember, I said yesterday I'd overheard two people talking about a female called Jane Finn? That's what brought the name into your mind so pat." "So you did. I remember now. How extraordinary----" Tuppence tailed off into silence. Suddenly she aroused herself. "Tommy!" "Yes?" "What were they like, the two men you passed?" Tommy frowned in an effort at remembrance. "One was a big fat sort of chap. Clean shaven, I think--and dark." "That's him," cried Tuppence, in an ungrammatical squeal. "That's Whittington! What was the other man like?" "I can't remember. I didn't notice him particularly. It was really the outlandish name that caught my attention." "And people say that coincidences don't happen!" Tuppence tackled her Pêche Melba happily. But Tommy had become serious. "Look here, Tuppence, old girl, what is this going to lead to?" "More money," replied his companion. "I know that. You've only got one idea in your head. What I mean is, what about the next step? How are you going to keep the game up?" "Oh!" Tuppence laid down her spoon. "You're right, Tommy, it is a bit of a poser." "After all, you know, you can't bluff him forever. You're sure to slip up sooner or later. And, anyway, I'm not at all sure that it isn't actionable--blackmail, you know." "Nonsense. Blackmail is saying you'll tell unless you are given money. Now, there's nothing I could tell, because I don't really know anything." "Hm," said Tommy doubtfully. "Well, anyway, what _are_ we going to do? Whittington was in a hurry to get rid of you this morning, but next time he'll want to know something more before he parts with his money. He'll want to know how much _you_ know, and where you got your information from, and a lot of other things that you can't cope with. What are you going to do about it?" Tuppence frowned severely. "We must think. Order some Turkish coffee, Tommy. Stimulating to the brain. Oh, dear, what a lot I have eaten!" "You have made rather a hog of yourself! So have I for that matter, but I flatter myself that my choice of dishes was more judicious than yours. Two coffees." (This was to the waiter.) "One Turkish, one French." Tuppence sipped her coffee with a deeply reflective air, and snubbed Tommy when he spoke to her. "Be quiet. I'm thinking." "Shades of Pelmanism!" said Tommy, and relapsed into silence. "There!" said Tuppence at last. "I've got a plan. Obviously what we've got to do is to find out more about it all." Tommy applauded. "Don't jeer. We can only find out through Whittington. We must discover where he lives, what he does--sleuth him, in fact! Now I can't do it, because he knows me, but he only saw you for a minute or two in Lyons'. He's not likely to recognize you. After all, one young man is much like another." "I repudiate that remark utterly. I'm sure my pleasing features and distinguished appearance would single me out from any crowd." "My plan is this," Tuppence went on calmly, "I'll go alone to-morrow. I'll put him off again like I did to-day. It doesn't matter if I don't get any more money at once. Fifty pounds ought to last us a few days." "Or even longer!" "You'll hang about outside. When I come out I shan't speak to you in case he's watching. But I'll take up my stand somewhere near, and when he comes out of the building I'll drop a handkerchief or something, and off you go!" "Off I go where?" "Follow him, of course, silly! What do you think of the idea?" "Sort of thing one reads about in books. I somehow feel that in real life one will feel a bit of an ass standing in the street for hours with nothing to do. People will wonder what I'm up to." "Not in the city. Every one's in such a hurry. Probably no one will even notice you at all." "That's the second time you've made that sort of remark. Never mind, I forgive you. Anyway, it will be rather a lark. What are you doing this afternoon?" "Well," said Tuppence meditatively. "I _had_ thought of hats! Or perhaps silk stockings! Or perhaps----" "Hold hard," admonished Tommy. "There's a limit to fifty pounds! But let's do dinner and a show to-night at all events." "Rather." The day passed pleasantly. The evening even more so. Two of the five-pound notes were now irretrievably dead. They met by arrangement the following morning and proceeded citywards. Tommy remained on the opposite side of the road while Tuppence plunged into the building. Tommy strolled slowly down to the end of the street, then back again. Just as he came abreast of the building, Tuppence darted across the road. "Tommy!" "Yes. What's up?" "The place is shut. I can't make anyone hear." "That's odd." "Isn't it? Come up with me, and let's try again." Tommy followed her. As they passed the third floor landing a young clerk came out of an office. He hesitated a moment, then addressed himself to Tuppence. "Were you wanting the Esthonia Glassware?" "Yes, please." "It's closed down. Since yesterday afternoon. Company being wound up, they say. Not that I've ever heard of it myself. But anyway the office is to let." "Th--thank you," faltered Tuppence. "I suppose you don't know Mr. Whittington's address?" "Afraid I don't. They left rather suddenly." "Thank you very much," said Tommy. "Come on, Tuppence." They descended to the street again where they gazed at one another blankly. "That's torn it," said Tommy at length. "And I never "Cheer up, old thing, it can't be helped." "Can't it, though!" Tuppence's little chin shot out defiantly. "Do you think this is the end? If so, you're wrong. It's just the beginning!" "The beginning of what?" "Of our adventure! Tommy, don't you see, if they are scared enough to run away like this, it shows that there must be a lot in this Jane Finn business! Well, we'll get to the bottom of it. We'll run them down! We'll be sleuths in earnest!" "Yes, but there's no one left to sleuth." "No, that's why we'll have to start all over again. Lend me that bit of pencil. Thanks. Wait a minute--don't interrupt. There!" Tuppence handed back the pencil, and surveyed the piece of paper on which she had written with a satisfied eye: "What's that?" "Advertisement." "You're not going to put that thing in after all?" "No, it's a different one." She handed him the slip of paper. Tommy read the words on it aloud: "WANTED, any information respecting Jane Finn. Apply Y. A." THE next day passed slowly. It was necessary to curtail expenditure. Carefully husbanded, forty pounds will last a long time. Luckily the weather was fine, and "walking is cheap," dictated Tuppence. An outlying picture house provided them with recreation for the evening. The day of disillusionment had been a Wednesday. On Thursday the advertisement had duly appeared. On Friday letters might be expected to arrive at Tommy's rooms. He had been bound by an honourable promise not to open any such letters if they did arrive, but to repair to the National Gallery, where his colleague would meet him at ten o'clock. Tuppence was first at the rendezvous. She ensconced herself on a red velvet seat, and gazed at the Turners with unseeing eyes until she saw the familiar figure enter the room. "Well?" "Well," returned Mr. Beresford provokingly. "Which is your favourite picture?" "Don't be a wretch. Aren't there _any_ answers?" Tommy shook his head with a deep and somewhat overacted melancholy. "I didn't want to disappoint you, old thing, by telling you right off. It's too bad. Good money wasted." He sighed. "Still, there it is. The advertisement has appeared, and--there are only two answers!" "Tommy, you devil!" almost screamed Tuppence. "Give them to me. How could you be so mean!" "Your language, Tuppence, your language! They're very particular at the National Gallery. Government show, you know. And do remember, as I have pointed out to you before, that as a clergyman's daughter----" "I ought to be on the stage!" finished Tuppence with a snap. "That is not what I intended to say. But if you are sure that you have enjoyed to the full the reaction of joy after despair with which I have kindly provided you free of charge, let us get down to our mail, as the saying goes." Tuppence snatched the two precious envelopes from him unceremoniously, and scrutinized them carefully. "Thick paper, this one. It looks rich. We'll keep it to the last and open the other first." "Right you are. One, two, three, go!" Tuppence's little thumb ripped open the envelope, and she extracted the contents. "DEAR SIR, "Referring to your advertisement in this morning's paper, I may be able to be of some use to you. Perhaps you could call and see me at the above address at eleven o'clock to-morrow morning. "Yours truly, "A. CARTER." "27 Carshalton Gardens," said Tuppence, referring to the address. "That's Gloucester Road way. Plenty of time to get there if we tube." "The following," said Tommy, "is the plan of campaign. It is my turn to assume the offensive. Ushered into the presence of Mr. Carter, he and I wish each other good morning as is customary. He then says: ‘Please take a seat, Mr.--er?' To which I reply promptly and significantly: ‘Edward Whittington!' whereupon Mr. Carter turns purple in the face and gasps out: ‘How much?' Pocketing the usual fee of fifty pounds, I rejoin you in the road outside, and we proceed to the next address and repeat the performance." "Don't be absurd, Tommy. Now for the other letter. Oh, this is from the _Ritz!_" "A hundred pounds instead of fifty!" "I'll read it: "DEAR SIR, "Re your advertisement, I should be glad if you would call round somewhere about lunch-time. "Yours truly, "JULIUS P. HERSHEIMMER." "Ha!" said Tommy. "Do I smell a Boche? Or only an American millionaire of unfortunate ancestry? At all events we'll call at lunch-time. It's a good time--frequently leads to free food for two." Tuppence nodded assent. "Now for Carter. We'll have to hurry." Carshalton Terrace proved to be an unimpeachable row of what Tuppence called "ladylike looking houses." They rang the bell at No. 27, and a neat maid answered the door. She looked so respectable that Tuppence's heart sank. Upon Tommy's request for Mr. Carter, she showed them into a small study on the ground floor where she left them. Hardly a minute elapsed, however, before the door opened, and a tall man with a lean hawklike face and a tired manner entered the room. "Mr. Y. A.?" he said, and smiled. His smile was distinctly attractive. "Do sit down, both of you." They obeyed. He himself took a chair opposite to Tuppence and smiled at her encouragingly. There was something in the quality of his smile that made the girl's usual readiness desert her. As he did not seem inclined to open the conversation, Tuppence was forced to begin. "We wanted to know--that is, would you be so kind as to tell us anything you know about Jane Finn?" "Jane Finn? Ah!" Mr. Carter appeared to reflect. "Well, the question is, what do _you_ know about her?" Tuppence drew herself up. "I don't see that that's got anything to do with it." "No? But it has, you know, really it has." He smiled again in his tired way, and continued reflectively. "So that brings us down to it again. What do _you_ know about Jane Finn? "Come now," he continued, as Tuppence remained silent. "You must know _something_ to have advertised as you did?" He leaned forward a little, his weary voice held a hint of persuasiveness. "Suppose you tell me...." There was something very magnetic about Mr. Carter's personality. Tuppence seemed to shake herself free of it with an effort, as she said: "We couldn't do that, could we, Tommy?" But to her surprise, her companion did not back her up. His eyes were fixed on Mr. Carter, and his tone when he spoke held an unusual note of deference. "I dare say the little we know won't be any good to you, sir. But such as it is, you're welcome to it." "Tommy!" cried out Tuppence in surprise. Mr. Carter slewed round in his chair. His eyes asked a question. Tommy nodded. "Yes, sir, I recognized you at once. Saw you in France when I was with the Intelligence. As soon as you came into the room, I knew----" Mr. Carter held up his hand. "No names, please. I'm known as Mr. Carter here. It's my cousin's house, by the way. She's willing to lend it to me sometimes when it's a case of working on strictly unofficial lines. Well, now"--he looked from one to the other--"who's going to tell me the story?" "Fire ahead, Tuppence," directed Tommy. "It's your yarn." "Yes, little lady, out with it." And obediently Tuppence did out with it, telling the whole story from the forming of the Young Adventurers, Ltd., downwards. Mr. Carter listened in silence with a resumption of his tired manner. Now and then he passed his hand across his lips as though to hide a smile. When she had finished he nodded gravely. "Not much. But suggestive. Quite suggestive. If you'll excuse my saying so, you're a curious young couple. I don't know--you might succeed where others have failed ... I believe in luck, you know--always have...." He paused a moment, and then went on. "Well, how about it? You're out for adventure. How would you like to work for me? All quite unofficial, you know. Expenses paid, and a moderate screw?" Tuppence gazed at him, her lips parted, her eyes growing wider and wider. "What should we have to do?" she breathed. Mr. Carter smiled. "Just go on with what you're doing now. _Find Jane Finn_." "Yes, but--who _is_ Jane Finn?" Mr. Carter nodded gravely. "Yes, you're entitled to know that, I think." He leaned back in his chair, crossed his legs, brought the tips of his fingers together, and began in a low monotone: "Secret diplomacy (which, by the way, is nearly always bad policy!) does not concern you. It will be sufficient to say that in the early days of 1915 a certain document came into being. It was the draft of a secret agreement--treaty--call it what you like. It was drawn up ready for signature by the various representatives, and drawn up in America--at that time a neutral country. It was dispatched to England by a special messenger selected for that purpose, a young fellow called Danvers. It was hoped that the whole affair had been kept so secret that nothing would have leaked out. That kind of hope is usually disappointed. Somebody always talks! "Danvers sailed for England on the _Lusitania_. He carried the precious papers in an oilskin packet which he wore next his skin. It was on that particular voyage that the _Lusitania_ was torpedoed and sunk. Danvers was among the list of those missing. Eventually his body was washed ashore, and identified beyond any possible doubt. But the oilskin packet was missing! "The question was, had it been taken from him, or had he himself passed it on into another's keeping? There were a few incidents that strengthened the possibility of the latter theory. After the torpedo struck the ship, in the few moments during the launching of the boats, Danvers was seen speaking to a young American girl. No one actually saw him pass anything to her, but he might have done so. It seems to me quite likely that he entrusted the papers to this girl, believing that she, as a woman, had a greater chance of bringing them safely to shore. "But if so, where was the girl, and what had she done with the papers? By later advice from America it seemed likely that Danvers had been closely shadowed on the way over. Was this girl in league with his enemies? Or had she, in her turn, been shadowed and either tricked or forced into handing over the precious packet? "We set to work to trace her out. It proved unexpectedly difficult. Her name was Jane Finn, and it duly appeared among the list of the survivors, but the girl herself seemed to have vanished completely. Inquiries into her antecedents did little to help us. She was an orphan, and had been what we should call over here a pupil teacher in a small school out West. Her passport had been made out for Paris, where she was going to join the staff of a hospital. She had offered her services voluntarily, and after some correspondence they had been accepted. Having seen her name in the list of the saved from the _Lusitania_, the staff of the hospital were naturally very surprised at her not arriving to take up her billet, and at not hearing from her in any way. "Well, every effort was made to trace the young lady--but all in vain. We tracked her across Ireland, but nothing could be heard of her after she set foot in England. No use was made of the draft treaty--as might very easily have been done--and we therefore came to the conclusion that Danvers had, after all, destroyed it. The war entered on another phase, the diplomatic aspect changed accordingly, and the treaty was never redrafted. Rumours as to its existence were emphatically denied. The disappearance of Jane Finn was forgotten and the whole affair was lost in oblivion." Mr. Carter paused, and Tuppence broke in impatiently: "But why has it all cropped up again? The war's over." A hint of alertness came into Mr. Carter's manner. "Because it seems that the papers were not destroyed after all, and that they might be resurrected to-day with a new and deadly significance." Tuppence stared. Mr. Carter nodded. "Yes, five years ago, that draft treaty was a weapon in our hands; to-day it is a weapon against us. It was a gigantic blunder. If its terms were made public, it would mean disaster.... It might possibly bring about another war--not with Germany this time! That is an extreme possibility, and I do not believe in its likelihood myself, but that document undoubtedly implicates a number of our statesmen whom we cannot afford to have discredited in any way at the present moment. As a party cry for Labour it would be irresistible, and a Labour Government at this juncture would, in my opinion, be a grave disability for British trade, but that is a mere nothing to the _real_ danger." He paused, and then said quietly: "You may perhaps have heard or read that there is Bolshevist influence at work behind the present Labour unrest?" Tuppence nodded. "That is the truth. Bolshevist gold is pouring into this country for the specific purpose of procuring a Revolution. And there is a certain man, a man whose real name is unknown to us, who is working in the dark for his own ends. The Bolshevists are behind the Labour unrest--but this man is _behind the Bolshevists_. Who is he? We do not know. He is always spoken of by the unassuming title of ‘Mr. Brown.' But one thing is certain, he is the master criminal of this age. He controls a marvellous organization. Most of the Peace propaganda during the war was originated and financed by him. His spies are everywhere." "A naturalized German?" asked Tommy. "On the contrary, I have every reason to believe he is an Englishman. He was pro-German, as he would have been pro-Boer. What he seeks to attain we do not know--probably supreme power for himself, of a kind unique in history. We have no clue as to his real personality. It is reported that even his own followers are ignorant of it. Where we have come across his tracks, he has always played a secondary part. Somebody else assumes the chief rôle. But afterwards we always find that there has been some nonentity, a servant or a clerk, who has remained in the background unnoticed, and that the elusive Mr. Brown has escaped us once more." "Oh!" Tuppence jumped. "I wonder----" "Yes?" "I remember in Mr. Whittington's office. The clerk--he called him Brown. You don't think----" Carter nodded thoughtfully. "Very likely. A curious point is that the name is usually mentioned. An idiosyncrasy of genius. Can you describe him at all?" "I really didn't notice. He was quite ordinary--just like anyone else." Mr. Carter sighed in his tired manner. "That is the invariable description of Mr. Brown! Brought a telephone message to the man Whittington, did he? Notice a telephone in the outer office?" Tuppence thought. "No, I don't think I did." "Exactly. That ‘message' was Mr. Brown's way of giving an order to his subordinate. He overheard the whole conversation of course. Was it after that that Whittington handed you over the money, and told you to come the following day?" Tuppence nodded. "Yes, undoubtedly the hand of Mr. Brown!" Mr. Carter paused. "Well, there it is, you see what you are pitting yourselves against? Possibly the finest criminal brain of the age. I don't quite like it, you know. You're such young things, both of you. I shouldn't like anything to happen to you." "It won't," Tuppence assured him positively. "I'll look after her, sir," said Tommy. "And _I_‘ll look after _you_," retorted Tuppence, resenting the manly assertion. "Well, then, look after each other," said Mr. Carter, smiling. "Now let's get back to business. There's something mysterious about this draft treaty that we haven't fathomed yet. We've been threatened with it--in plain and unmistakable terms. The Revolutionary element as good as declare that it's in their hands, and that they intend to produce it at a given moment. On the other hand, they are clearly at fault about many of its provisions. The Government consider it as mere bluff on their part, and, rightly or wrongly, have stuck to the policy of absolute denial. I'm not so sure. There have been hints, indiscreet allusions, that seem to indicate that the menace is a real one. The position is much as though they had got hold of an incriminating document, but couldn't read it because it was in cipher--but we know that the draft treaty wasn't in cipher--couldn't be in the nature of things--so that won't wash. But there's _something_. Of course, Jane Finn may be dead for all we know--but I don't think so. The curious thing is that _they're trying to get information about the girl from us_." "What?" "Yes. One or two little things have cropped up. And your story, little lady, confirms my idea. They know we're looking for Jane Finn. Well, they'll produce a Jane Finn of their own--say at a _pensionnat_ in Paris." Tuppence gasped, and Mr. Carter smiled. "No one knows in the least what she looks like, so that's all right. She's primed with a trumped-up tale, and her real business is to get as much information as possible out of us. See the idea?" "Then you think"--Tuppence paused to grasp the supposition fully--"that it _was_ as Jane Finn that they wanted me to go to Paris?" Mr. Carter smiled more wearily than ever. "I believe in coincidences, you know," he said. "WELL," said Tuppence, recovering herself, "it really seems as though it were meant to be." Carter nodded. "I know what you mean. I'm superstitious myself. Luck, and all that sort of thing. Fate seems to have chosen you out to be mixed up in this." Tommy indulged in a chuckle. "My word! I don't wonder Whittington got the wind up when Tuppence plumped out that name! I should have myself. But look here, sir, we're taking up an awful lot of your time. Have you any tips to give us before we clear out?" "I think not. My experts, working in stereotyped ways, have failed. You will bring imagination and an open mind to the task. Don't be discouraged if that too does not succeed. For one thing there is a likelihood of the pace being forced." Tuppence frowned uncomprehendingly. "When you had that interview with Whittington, they had time before them. I have information that the big _coup_ was planned for early in the new year. But the Government is contemplating legislative action which will deal effectually with the strike menace. They'll get wind of it soon, if they haven't already, and it's possible that that may bring things to a head. I hope it will myself. The less time they have to mature their plans the better. I'm just warning you that you haven't much time before you, and that you needn't be cast down if you fail. It's not an easy proposition anyway. That's all." Tuppence rose. "I think we ought to be businesslike. What exactly can we count upon you for, Mr. Carter?" Mr. Carter's lips twitched slightly, but he replied succinctly: "Funds within reason, detailed information on any point, and _no official recognition_. I mean that if you get yourselves into trouble with the police, I can't officially help you out of it. You're on your own." Tuppence nodded sagely. "I quite understand that. I'll write out a list of the things I want to know when I've had time to think. Now--about money----" "Yes, Miss Tuppence. Do you want to say how much?" "Not exactly. We've got plenty to go with for the present, but when we want more----" "It will be waiting for you." "Yes, but--I'm sure I don't want to be rude about the Government if you've got anything to do with it, but you know one really has the devil of a time getting anything out of it! And if we have to fill up a blue form and send it in, and then, after three months, they send us a green one, and so on--well, that won't be much use, will it?" Mr. Carter laughed outright. "Don't worry, Miss Tuppence. You will send a personal demand to me here, and the money, in notes, shall be sent by return of post. As to salary, shall we say at the rate of three hundred a year? And an equal sum for Mr. Beresford, of course." Tuppence beamed upon him. "How lovely. You are kind. I do love money! I'll keep beautiful accounts of our expenses all debit and credit, and the balance on the right side, and I really know how to do it when I think." "I'm sure you do. Well, good-bye, and good luck to you both." He shook hands with them, and in another minute they were descending the steps of 27 Carshalton Terrace with their heads in a whirl. "Tommy! Tell me at once, who is ‘Mr. Carter'?" Tommy murmured a name in her ear. "Oh!" said Tuppence, impressed. "And I can tell you, old bean, he's IT!" "Oh!" said Tuppence again. Then she added reflectively, "I like him, don't you? He looks so awfully tired and bored, and yet you feel that underneath he's just like steel, all keen and flashing. Oh!" She gave a skip. "Pinch me, Tommy, do pinch me. I can't believe it's real!" Mr. Beresford obliged. "Ow! That's enough! Yes, we're not dreaming. We've got a job!" "And what a job! The joint venture has really begun." "It's more respectable than I thought it would be," said Tuppence thoughtfully. "Luckily I haven't got your craving for crime! What time is it? Let's have lunch--oh!" The same thought sprang to the minds of each. Tommy voiced it first. "Julius P. Hersheimmer!" "We never told Mr. Carter about hearing from him." "Well, there wasn't much to tell--not till we've seen him. Come on, we'd better take a taxi." "Now who's being extravagant?" "All expenses paid, remember. Hop in." "At any rate, we shall make a better effect arriving this way," said Tuppence, leaning back luxuriously. "I'm sure blackmailers never arrive in buses!" "We've ceased being blackmailers," Tommy pointed out. "I'm not sure I have," said Tuppence darkly. On inquiring for Mr. Hersheimmer, they were at once taken up to his suite. An impatient voice cried "Come in" in answer to the page-boy's knock, and the lad stood aside to let them pass in. Mr. Julius P. Hersheimmer was a great deal younger than either Tommy or Tuppence had pictured him. The girl put him down as thirty-five. He was of middle height, and squarely built to match his jaw. His face was pugnacious but pleasant. No one could have mistaken him for anything but an American, though he spoke with very little accent. "Get my note? Sit down and tell me right away all you know about my cousin." "Your cousin?" "Sure thing. Jane Finn." "Is she your cousin?" "My father and her mother were brother and sister," explained Mr. Hersheimmer meticulously. "Oh!" cried Tuppence. "Then you know where she is?" "No!" Mr. Hersheimmer brought down his fist with a bang on the table. "I'm darned if I do! Don't you?" "We advertised to receive information, not to give it," said Tuppence severely. "I guess I know that. I can read. But I thought maybe it was her back history you were after, and that you'd know where she was now?" "Well, we wouldn't mind hearing her back history," said Tuppence guardedly. But Mr. Hersheimmer seemed to grow suddenly suspicious. "See here," he declared. "This isn't Sicily! No demanding ransom or threatening to crop her ears if I refuse. These are the British Isles, so quit the funny business, or I'll just sing out for that beautiful big British policeman I see out there in Piccadilly." Tommy hastened to explain. "We haven't kidnapped your cousin. On the contrary, we're trying to find her. We're employed to do so." Mr. Hersheimmer leant back in his chair. "Put me wise," he said succinctly. Tommy fell in with this demand in so far as he gave him a guarded version of the disappearance of Jane Finn, and of the possibility of her having been mixed up unawares in "some political show." He alluded to Tuppence and himself as "private inquiry agents" commissioned to find her, and added that they would therefore be glad of any details Mr. Hersheimmer could give them. That gentleman nodded approval. "I guess that's all right. I was just a mite hasty. But London gets my goat! I only know little old New York. Just trot out your questions and I'll answer." For the moment this paralysed the Young Adventurers, but Tuppence, recovering herself, plunged boldly into the breach with a reminiscence culled from detective fiction. "When did you last see the dece--your cousin, I mean?" "Never seen her," responded Mr. Hersheimmer. "What?" demanded Tommy, astonished. Hersheimmer turned to him. "No, sir. As I said before, my father and her mother were brother and sister, just as you might be"--Tommy did not correct this view of their relationship--"but they didn't always get on together. And when my aunt made up her mind to marry Amos Finn, who was a poor school teacher out West, my father was just mad! Said if he made his pile, as he seemed in a fair way to do, she'd never see a cent of it. Well, the upshot was that Aunt Jane went out West and we never heard from her again. "The old man _did_ pile it up. He went into oil, and he went into steel, and he played a bit with railroads, and I can tell you he made Wall Street sit up!" He paused. "Then he died--last fall--and I got the dollars. Well, would you believe it, my conscience got busy! Kept knocking me up and saying: What about your Aunt Jane, way out West? It worried me some. You see, I figured it out that Amos Finn would never make good. He wasn't the sort. End of it was, I hired a man to hunt her down. Result, she was dead, and Amos Finn was dead, but they'd left a daughter--Jane--who'd been torpedoed in the _Lusitania_ on her way to Paris. She was saved all right, but they didn't seem able to hear of her over this side. I guessed they weren't hustling any, so I thought I'd come along over, and speed things up. I phoned Scotland Yard and the Admiralty first thing. The Admiralty rather choked me off, but Scotland Yard were very civil--said they would make inquiries, even sent a man round this morning to get her photograph. I'm off to Paris to-morrow, just to see what the Prefecture is doing. I guess if I go to and fro hustling them, they ought to get busy!" The energy of Mr. Hersheimmer was tremendous. They bowed before it. "But say now," he ended, "you're not after her for anything? Contempt of court, or something British? A proud-spirited young American girl might find your rules and regulations in war time rather irksome, and get up against it. If that's the case, and there's such a thing as graft in this country, I'll buy her off." Tuppence reassured him. "That's good. Then we can work together. What about some lunch? Shall we have it up here, or go down to the restaurant?" Tuppence expressed a preference for the latter, and Julius bowed to her decision. Oysters had just given place to Sole Colbert when a card was brought to Hersheimmer. "Inspector Japp, C.I.D. Scotland Yard again. Another man this time. What does he expect I can tell him that I didn't tell the first chap? I hope they haven't lost that photograph. That Western photographer's place was burned down and all his negatives destroyed--this is the only copy in existence. I got it from the principal of the college there." An unformulated dread swept over Tuppence. "You--you don't know the name of the man who came this morning?" "Yes, I do. No, I don't. Half a second. It was on his card. Oh, I know! Inspector Brown. Quiet, unassuming sort of chap." A veil might with profit be drawn over the events of the next half-hour. Suffice it to say that no such person as "Inspector Brown" was known to Scotland Yard. The photograph of Jane Finn, which would have been of the utmost value to the police in tracing her, was lost beyond recovery. Once again "Mr. Brown" had triumphed. The immediate result of this set-back was to effect a _rapprochement_ between Julius Hersheimmer and the Young Adventurers. All barriers went down with a crash, and Tommy and Tuppence felt they had known the young American all their lives. They abandoned the discreet reticence of "private inquiry agents," and revealed to him the whole history of the joint venture, whereat the young man declared himself "tickled to death." He turned to Tuppence at the close of the narration. "I've always had a kind of idea that English girls were just a mite moss-grown. Old-fashioned and sweet, you know, but scared to move round without a footman or a maiden aunt. I guess I'm a bit behind the times!" The upshot of these confidential relations was that Tommy and Tuppence took up their abode forthwith at the _Ritz_, in order, as Tuppence put it, to keep in touch with Jane Finn's only living relation. "And put like that," she added confidentially to Tommy, "nobody could boggle at the expense!" Nobody did, which was the great thing. "And now," said the young lady on the morning after their installation, "to work!" Mr. Beresford put down the _Daily Mail_, which he was reading, and applauded with somewhat unnecessary vigour. He was politely requested by his colleague not to be an ass. "Dash it all, Tommy, we've got to _do_ something for our money." Tommy sighed. "Yes, I fear even the dear old Government will not support us at the _Ritz_ in idleness for ever." "Therefore, as I said before, we must _do_ something." "Well," said Tommy, picking up the _Daily Mail_ again, "_do_ it. I shan't stop you." "You see," continued Tuppence. "I've been thinking----" She was interrupted by a fresh bout of applause. "It's all very well for you to sit there being funny, Tommy. It would do you no harm to do a little brain work too." "My union, Tuppence, my union! It does not permit me to work before 11 a.m." "Tommy, do you want something thrown at you? It is absolutely essential that we should without delay map out a plan of campaign." "Hear, hear!" "Well, let's do it." Tommy laid his paper finally aside. "There's something of the simplicity of the truly great mind about you, Tuppence. Fire ahead. I'm listening." "To begin with," said Tuppence, "what have we to go upon?" "Absolutely nothing," said Tommy cheerily. "Wrong!" Tuppence wagged an energetic finger. "We have two distinct clues." "What are they?" "First clue, we know one of the gang." "Whittington?" "Yes. I'd recognize him anywhere." "Hum," said Tommy doubtfully, "I don't call that much of a clue. You don't know where to look for him, and it's about a thousand to one against your running against him by accident." "I'm not so sure about that," replied Tuppence thoughtfully. "I've often noticed that once coincidences start happening they go on happening in the most extraordinary way. I dare say it's some natural law that we haven't found out. Still, as you say, we can't rely on that. But there _are_ places in London where simply every one is bound to turn up sooner or later. Piccadilly Circus, for instance. One of my ideas was to take up my stand there every day with a tray of flags." "What about meals?" inquired the practical Tommy. "How like a man! What does mere food matter?" "That's all very well. You've just had a thundering good breakfast. No one's got a better appetite than you have, Tuppence, and by tea-time you'd be eating the flags, pins and all. But, honestly, I don't think much of the idea. Whittington mayn't be in London at all." "That's true. Anyway, I think clue No. 2 is more promising." "Let's hear it." "It's nothing much. Only a Christian name--Rita. Whittington mentioned it that day." "Are you proposing a third advertisement: Wanted, female crook, answering to the name of Rita?" "I am not. I propose to reason in a logical manner. That man, Danvers, was shadowed on the way over, wasn't he? And it's more likely to have been a woman than a man----" "I don't see that at all." "I am absolutely certain that it would be a woman, and a good-looking one," replied Tuppence calmly. "On these technical points I bow to your decision," murmured Mr. Beresford. "Now, obviously this woman, whoever she was, was saved." "How do you make that out?" "If she wasn't, how would they have known Jane Finn had got the papers?" "Correct. Proceed, O Sherlock!" "Now there's just a chance, I admit it's only a chance, that this woman may have been ‘Rita.'" "And if so?" "If so, we've got to hunt through the survivors of the _Lusitania_ till we find her." "Then the first thing is to get a list of the survivors." "I've got it. I wrote a long list of things I wanted to know, and sent it to Mr. Carter. I got his reply this morning, and among other things it encloses the official statement of those saved from the _Lusitania_. How's that for clever little Tuppence?" "Full marks for industry, zero for modesty. But the great point is, is there a ‘Rita' on the list?" "That's just what I don't know," confessed Tuppence. "Don't know?" "Yes. Look here." Together they bent over the list. "You see, very few Christian names are given. They're nearly all Mrs. or Miss." Tommy nodded. "That complicates matters," he murmured thoughtfully. Tuppence gave her characteristic "terrier" shake. "Well, we've just got to get down to it, that's all. We'll start with the London area. Just note down the addresses of any of the females who live in London or roundabout, while I put on my hat." Five minutes later the young couple emerged into Piccadilly, and a few seconds later a taxi was bearing them to The Laurels, Glendower Road, N.7, the residence of Mrs. Edgar Keith, whose name figured first in a list of seven reposing in Tommy's pocket-book. The Laurels was a dilapidated house, standing back from the road with a few grimy bushes to support the fiction of a front garden. Tommy paid off the taxi, and accompanied Tuppence to the front door bell. As she was about to ring it, he arrested her hand. "What are you going to say?" "What am I going to say? Why, I shall say--Oh dear, I don't know. It's very awkward." "I thought as much," said Tommy with satisfaction. "How like a woman! No foresight! Now just stand aside, and see how easily the mere male deals with the situation." He pressed the bell. Tuppence withdrew to a suitable spot. A slatternly looking servant, with an extremely dirty face and a pair of eyes that did not match, answered the door. Tommy had produced a notebook and pencil. "Good morning," he said briskly and cheerfully. "From the Hampstead Borough Council. The new Voting Register. Mrs. Edgar Keith lives here, does she not?" "Yaas," said the servant. "Christian name?" asked Tommy, his pencil poised. "Missus's? Eleanor Jane." "Eleanor," spelt Tommy. "Any sons or daughters over twenty-one?" "Naow." "Thank you." Tommy closed the notebook with a brisk snap. "Good morning." The servant volunteered her first remark: "I thought perhaps as you'd come about the gas," she observed cryptically, and shut the door. Tommy rejoined his accomplice. "You see, Tuppence," he observed. "Child's play to the masculine mind." "I don't mind admitting that for once you've scored handsomely. I should never have thought of that." "Good wheeze, wasn't it? And we can repeat it _ad lib_." Lunch-time found the young couple attacking a steak and chips in an obscure hostelry with avidity. They had collected a Gladys Mary and a Marjorie, been baffled by one change of address, and had been forced to listen to a long lecture on universal suffrage from a vivacious American lady whose Christian name had proved to be Sadie. "Ah!" said Tommy, imbibing a long draught of beer, "I feel better. Where's the next draw?" The notebook lay on the table between them. Tuppence picked it up. "Mrs. Vandemeyer," she read, "20 South Audley Mansions. Miss Wheeler, 43 Clapington Road, Battersea. She's a lady's maid, as far as I remember, so probably won't be there, and, anyway, she's not likely." "Then the Mayfair lady is clearly indicated as the first port of call." "Tommy, I'm getting discouraged." "Buck up, old bean. We always knew it was an outside chance. And, anyway, we're only starting. If we draw a blank in London, there's a fine tour of England, Ireland and Scotland before us." "True," said Tuppence, her flagging spirits reviving. "And all expenses paid! But, oh, Tommy, I do like things to happen quickly. So far, adventure has succeeded adventure, but this morning has been dull as dull." "You must stifle this longing for vulgar sensation, Tuppence. Remember that if Mr. Brown is all he is reported to be, it's a wonder that he has not ere now done us to death. That's a good sentence, quite a literary flavour about it." "You're really more conceited than I am--with less excuse! Ahem! But it certainly is queer that Mr. Brown has not yet wreaked vengeance upon us. (You see, I can do it too.) We pass on our way unscathed." "Perhaps he doesn't think us worth bothering about," suggested the young man simply. Tuppence received the remark with great disfavour. "How horrid you are, Tommy. Just as though we didn't count." "Sorry, Tuppence. What I meant was that we work like moles in the dark, and that he has no suspicion of our nefarious schemes. Ha ha!" "Ha ha!" echoed Tuppence approvingly, as she rose. South Audley Mansions was an imposing-looking block of flats just off Park Lane. No. 20 was on the second floor. Tommy had by this time the glibness born of practice. He rattled off the formula to the elderly woman, looking more like a housekeeper than a servant, who opened the door to him. "Christian name?" "Margaret." Tommy spelt it, but the other interrupted him. "No, _g u e_." "Oh, Marguerite; French way, I see." He paused, then plunged boldly. "We had her down as Rita Vandemeyer, but I suppose that's incorrect?" "She's mostly called that, sir, but Marguerite's her name." "Thank you. That's all. Good morning." Hardly able to contain his excitement, Tommy hurried down the stairs. Tuppence was waiting at the angle of the turn. "You heard?" "Yes. Oh, _Tommy!_" Tommy squeezed her arm sympathetically. "I know, old thing. I feel the same." "It's--it's so lovely to think of things--and then for them really to happen!" cried Tuppence enthusiastically. Her hand was still in Tommy's. They had reached the entrance hall. There were footsteps on the stairs above them, and voices. Suddenly, to Tommy's complete surprise, Tuppence dragged him into the little space by the side of the lift where the shadow was deepest. "What the----" "Hush!" Two men came down the stairs and passed out through the entrance. Tuppence's hand closed tighter on Tommy's arm. "Quick--follow them. I daren't. He might recognize me. I don't know who the other man is, but the bigger of the two was Whittington." WHITTINGTON and his companion were walking at a good pace. Tommy started in pursuit at once, and was in time to see them turn the corner of the street. His vigorous strides soon enabled him to gain upon them, and by the time he, in his turn, reached the corner the distance between them was sensibly lessened. The small Mayfair streets were comparatively deserted, and he judged it wise to content himself with keeping them in sight. The sport was a new one to him. Though familiar with the technicalities from a course of novel reading, he had never before attempted to "follow" anyone, and it appeared to him at once that, in actual practice, the proceeding was fraught with difficulties. Supposing, for instance, that they should suddenly hail a taxi? In books, you simply leapt into another, promised the driver a sovereign--or its modern equivalent--and there you were. In actual fact, Tommy foresaw that it was extremely likely there would be no second taxi. Therefore he would have to run. What happened in actual fact to a young man who ran incessantly and persistently through the London streets? In a main road he might hope to create the illusion that he was merely running for a bus. But in these obscure aristocratic byways he could not but feel that an officious policeman might stop him to explain matters. At this juncture in his thoughts a taxi with flag erect turned the corner of the street ahead. Tommy held his breath. Would they hail it? He drew a sigh of relief as they allowed it to pass unchallenged. Their course was a zigzag one designed to bring them as quickly as possible to Oxford Street. When at length they turned into it, proceeding in an easterly direction, Tommy slightly increased his pace. Little by little he gained upon them. On In this he was completely foiled; they spoke low and the din of the traffic drowned their voices effectually. Just before the Bond Street Tube station they crossed the road, Tommy, unperceived, faithfully at their heels, and entered the big Lyons'. There they went up to the first floor, and sat at a small table in the window. It was late, and the place was thinning out. Tommy took a seat at the table next to them, sitting directly behind Whittington in case of recognition. On the other hand, he had a full view of the second man and studied him attentively. He was fair, with a weak, unpleasant face, and Tommy put him down as being either a Russian or a Pole. He was probably about fifty years of age, his shoulders cringed a little as he talked, and his eyes, small and crafty, shifted unceasingly. Having already lunched heartily, Tommy contented himself with ordering a Welsh rarebit and a cup of coffee. Whittington ordered a substantial lunch for himself and his companion; then, as the waitress withdrew, he moved his chair a little closer to the table and began to talk earnestly in a low voice. The other man joined in. Listen as he would, Tommy could only catch a word here and there; but the gist of it seemed to be some directions or orders which the big man was impressing on his companion, and with which the latter seemed from time to time to disagree. Whittington addressed the other as Boris. Tommy caught the word "Ireland" several times, also "propaganda," but of Jane Finn there was no mention. Suddenly, in a lull in the clatter of the room, he got one phrase entire. Whittington was speaking. "Ah, but you don't know Flossie. She's a marvel. An archbishop would swear she was his own mother. She gets the voice right every time, and that's really the principal thing." Tommy did not hear Boris's reply, but in response to it Whittington said something that sounded like: "Of course--only in an emergency...." Then he lost the thread again. But presently the phrases became distinct again whether because the other two had insensibly raised their voices, or because Tommy's ears were getting more attuned, he could not tell. But two words certainly had a most stimulating effect upon the listener. They were uttered by Boris and they were: "Mr. Brown." Whittington seemed to remonstrate with him, but he merely laughed. "Why not, my friend? It is a name most respectable--most common. Did he not choose it for that reason? Ah, I should like to meet him--Mr. Brown." There was a steely ring in Whittington's voice as he replied: "Who knows? You may have met him already." "Bah!" retorted the other. "That is children's talk--a fable for the police. Do you know what I say to myself sometimes? That he is a fable invented by the Inner Ring, a bogy to frighten us with. It might be so." "And it might not." "I wonder ... or is it indeed true that he is with us and amongst us, unknown to all but a chosen few? If so, he keeps his secret well. And the idea is a good one, yes. We never know. We look at each other-- _one of us is Mr. Brown_--which? He commands--but also he serves. Among us--in the midst of us. And no one knows which he is...." With an effort the Russian shook off the vagary of his fancy. He looked at his watch. "Yes," said Whittington. "We might as well go." He called the waitress and asked for his bill. Tommy did likewise, and a few moments later was following the two men down the stairs. Outside, Whittington hailed a taxi, and directed the driver to go to Waterloo. Taxis were plentiful here, and before Whittington's had driven off another was drawing up to the curb in obedience to Tommy's peremptory hand. "Follow that other taxi," directed the young man. "Don't lose it." The elderly chauffeur showed no interest. He merely grunted and jerked down his flag. The drive was uneventful. Tommy's taxi came to rest at the departure platform just after Whittington's. Tommy was behind him at the booking-office. He took a first-class single ticket to Bournemouth, Tommy did the same. As he emerged, Boris remarked, glancing up at the clock: "You are early. You have nearly half an hour." Boris's words had aroused a new train of thought in Tommy's mind. Clearly Whittington was making the journey alone, while the other remained in London. Therefore he was left with a choice as to which he would follow. Obviously, he could not follow both of them unless---- Like Boris, he glanced up at the clock, and then to the announcement board of the trains. The Bournemouth train left at 3.30. It was now ten past. Whittington and Boris were walking up and down by the bookstall. He gave one doubtful look at them, then hurried into an adjacent telephone box. He dared not waste time in trying to get hold of Tuppence. In all probability she was still in the neighbourhood of South Audley Mansions. But there remained another ally. He rang up the _Ritz_ and asked for Julius Hersheimmer. There was a click and a buzz. Oh, if only the young American was in his room! There was another click, and then "Hello" in unmistakable accents came over the wire. "That you, Hersheimmer? Beresford speaking. I'm at Waterloo. I've followed Whittington and another man here. No time to explain. Whittington's off to Bournemouth by the 3.30. Can you get there by then?" The reply was reassuring. "Sure. I'll hustle." The telephone rang off. Tommy put back the receiver with a sigh of relief. His opinion of Julius's power of hustling was high. He felt instinctively that the American would arrive in time. Whittington and Boris were still where he had left them. If Boris remained to see his friend off, all was well. Then Tommy fingered his pocket thoughtfully. In spite of the carte blanche assured to him, he had not yet acquired the habit of going about with any considerable sum of money on him. The taking of the first-class ticket to Bournemouth had left him with only a few shillings in his pocket. It was to be hoped that Julius would arrive better provided. In the meantime, the minutes were creeping by: 3.15, 3.20, 3.25, 3.27. Supposing Julius did not get there in time. 3.29.... Doors were banging. Tommy felt cold waves of despair pass over him. Then a hand fell on his shoulder. "Here I am, son. Your British traffic beats description! Put me wise to the crooks right away." "That's Whittington--there, getting in now, that big dark man. The other is the foreign chap he's talking to." "I'm on to them. Which of the two is my bird?" Tommy had thought out this question. "Got any money with you?" Julius shook his head, and Tommy's face fell. "I guess I haven't more than three or four hundred dollars with me at the moment," explained the American. Tommy gave a faint whoop of relief. "Oh, Lord, you millionaires! You don't talk the same language! Climb aboard the lugger. Here's your ticket. Whittington's your man." "Me for Whittington!" said Julius darkly. The train was just starting as he swung himself aboard. "So long, Tommy." The train slid out of the station. Tommy drew a deep breath. The man Boris was coming along the platform towards him. Tommy allowed him to pass and then took up the chase once more. From Waterloo Boris took the tube as far as Piccadilly Circus. Then he walked up Shaftesbury Avenue, finally turning off into the maze of mean streets round Soho. Tommy followed him at a judicious distance. They reached at length a small dilapidated square. The houses there had a sinister air in the midst of their dirt and decay. Boris looked round, and Tommy drew back into the shelter of a friendly porch. The place was almost deserted. It was a cul-de-sac, and consequently no traffic passed that way. The stealthy way the other had looked round stimulated Tommy's imagination. From the shelter of the doorway he watched him go up the steps of a particularly evil-looking house and rap sharply, with a peculiar rhythm, on the door. It was opened promptly, he said a word or two to the doorkeeper, then passed inside. The door was shut to again. It was at this juncture that Tommy lost his head. What he ought to have done, what any sane man would have done, was to remain patiently where he was and wait for his man to come out again. What he did do was entirely foreign to the sober common sense which was, as a rule, his leading characteristic. Something, as he expressed it, seemed to snap in his brain. Without a moment's pause for reflection he, too, went up the steps, and reproduced as far as he was able the peculiar knock. The door swung open with the same promptness as before. A villainous-faced man with close-cropped hair stood in the doorway. "Well?" he grunted. It was at that moment that the full realization of his folly began to come home to Tommy. But he dared not hesitate. He seized at the first words that came into his mind. "Mr. Brown?" he said. To his surprise the man stood aside. "Upstairs," he said, jerking his thumb over his shoulder, "second door on your left." TAKEN aback though he was by the man's words, Tommy did not hesitate. If audacity had successfully carried him so far, it was to be hoped it would carry him yet farther. He quietly passed into the house and mounted the ramshackle staircase. Everything in the house was filthy beyond words. The grimy paper, of a pattern now indistinguishable, hung in loose festoons from the wall. In every angle was a grey mass of cobweb. Tommy proceeded leisurely. By the time he reached the bend of the staircase, he had heard the man below disappear into a back room. Clearly no suspicion attached to him as yet. To come to the house and ask for "Mr. Brown" appeared indeed to be a reasonable and natural proceeding. At the top of the stairs Tommy halted to consider his next move. In front of him ran a narrow passage, with doors opening on either side of it. From the one nearest him on the left came a low murmur of voices. It was this room which he had been directed to enter. But what held his glance fascinated was a small recess immediately on his right, half concealed by a torn velvet curtain. It was directly opposite the left-handed door and, owing to its angle, it also commanded a good view of the upper part of the staircase. As a hiding-place for one or, at a pinch, two men, it was ideal, being about two feet deep and three feet wide. It attracted Tommy mightily. He thought things over in his usual slow and steady way, deciding that the mention of "Mr. Brown" was not a request for an individual, but in all probability a password used by the gang. His lucky use of it had gained him admission. So far he had aroused no suspicion. But he must decide quickly on his next step. Suppose he were boldly to enter the room on the left of the passage. Would the mere fact of his having been admitted to the house be sufficient? Perhaps a further password would be required, or, at any rate, some proof of identity. The doorkeeper clearly did not know all the members of the gang by sight, but it might be different upstairs. On the whole it seemed to him that luck had served him very well so far, but that there was such a thing as trusting it too far. To enter that room was a colossal risk. He could not hope to sustain his part indefinitely; sooner or later he was almost bound to betray himself, and then he would have thrown away a vital chance in mere foolhardiness. A repetition of the signal knock sounded on the door below, and Tommy, his mind made up, slipped quickly into the recess, and cautiously drew the curtain farther across so that it shielded him completely from sight. There were several rents and slits in the ancient material which afforded him a good view. He would watch events, and any time he chose could, after all, join the assembly, modelling his behaviour on that of the new arrival. The man who came up the staircase with a furtive, soft-footed tread was quite unknown to Tommy. He was obviously of the very dregs of society. The low beetling brows, and the criminal jaw, the bestiality of the whole countenance were new to the young man, though he was a type that Scotland Yard would have recognized at a glance. The man passed the recess, breathing heavily as he went. He stopped at the door opposite, and gave a repetition of the signal knock. A voice inside called out something, and the man opened the door and passed in, affording Tommy a momentary glimpse of the room inside. He thought there must be about four or five people seated round a long table that took up most of the space, but his attention was caught and held by a tall man with close-cropped hair and a short, pointed, naval-looking beard, who sat at the head of the table with papers in front of him. As the new-comer entered he glanced up, and with a correct, but curiously precise enunciation, which attracted Tommy's notice, he asked: "Your number, comrade?" "Fourteen, gov'nor," replied the other hoarsely. "Correct." The door shut again. "If that isn't a Hun, I'm a Dutchman!" said Tommy to himself. "And running the show darned systematically too--as they always do. Lucky I didn't roll in. I'd have given the wrong number, and there would have been the deuce to pay. No, this is the place for me. Hullo, here's another knock." This visitor proved to be of an entirely different type to the last. Tommy recognized in him an Irish Sinn Feiner. Certainly Mr. Brown's organization was a far-reaching concern. The common criminal, the well-bred Irish gentleman, the pale Russian, and the efficient German master of the ceremonies! Truly a strange and sinister gathering! Who was this man who held in his finger these curiously variegated links of an unknown chain? In this case, the procedure was exactly the same. The signal knock, the demand for a number, and the reply "Correct." Two knocks followed in quick succession on the door below. The first man was quite unknown to Tommy, who put him down as a city clerk. A quiet, intelligent-looking man, rather shabbily dressed. The second was of the working classes, and his face was vaguely familiar to the young man. Three minutes later came another, a man of commanding appearance, exquisitely dressed, and evidently well born. His face, again, was not unknown to the watcher, though he could not for the moment put a name to it. After his arrival there was a long wait. In fact Tommy concluded that the gathering was now complete, and was just cautiously creeping out from his hiding-place, when another knock sent him scuttling back to cover. This last-comer came up the stairs so quietly that he was almost abreast of Tommy before the young man had realized his presence. He was a small man, very pale, with a gentle almost womanish air. The angle of the cheek-bones hinted at his Slavonic ancestry, otherwise there was nothing to indicate his nationality. As he passed the recess, he turned his head slowly. The strange light eyes seemed to burn through the curtain; Tommy could hardly believe that the man did not know he was there and in spite of himself he shivered. He was no more fanciful than the majority of young Englishmen, but he could not rid himself of the impression that some unusually potent force emanated from the man. The creature reminded him of a venomous snake. A moment later his impression was proved correct. The new-comer knocked on the door as all had done, but his reception was very different. The bearded man rose to his feet, and all the others followed suit. The German came forward and shook hands. His heels clicked together. "We are honoured," he said. "We are greatly honoured. I much feared that it would be impossible." The other answered in a low voice that had a kind of hiss in it: "There were difficulties. It will not be possible again, I fear. But one meeting is essential--to define my policy. I can do nothing without--Mr. Brown. He is here?" The change in the German's voice was audible as he replied with slight hesitation: "We have received a message. It is impossible for him to be present in person." He stopped, giving a curious impression of having left the sentence unfinished. A very slow smile overspread the face of the other. He looked round at a circle of uneasy faces. "Ah! I understand. I have read of his methods. He works in the dark and trusts no one. But, all the same, it is possible that he is among us now...." He looked round him again, and again that expression of fear swept over the group. Each man seemed eyeing his neighbour doubtfully. The Russian tapped his cheek. "So be it. Let us proceed." The German seemed to pull himself together. He indicated the place he had been occupying at the head of the table. The Russian demurred, but the other insisted. "It is the only possible place," he said, "for--Number One. Perhaps Number Fourteen will shut the door?" In another moment Tommy was once more confronting bare wooden panels, and the voices within had sunk once more to a mere undistinguishable murmur. Tommy became restive. The conversation he had overheard had stimulated his curiosity. He felt that, by hook or by crook, he must hear more. There was no sound from below, and it did not seem likely that the doorkeeper would come upstairs. After listening intently for a minute or two, he put his head round the curtain. The passage was deserted. Tommy bent down and removed his shoes, then, leaving them behind the curtain, he walked gingerly out on his stockinged feet, and kneeling down by the closed door he laid his ear cautiously to the crack. To his intense annoyance he could distinguish little more; just a chance word here and there if a voice was raised, which merely served to whet his curiosity still farther. He eyed the handle of the door tentatively. Could he turn it by degrees so gently and imperceptibly that those in the room would notice nothing? He decided that with great care it could be done. Very slowly, a fraction of an inch at a time, he moved it round, holding his breath in his excessive care. A little more--a little more still--would it never be finished? Ah! at last it would turn no farther. He stayed so for a minute or two, then drew a deep breath, and pressed it ever so slightly inward. The door did not budge. Tommy was annoyed. If he had to use too much force, it would almost certainly creak. He waited until the voices rose a little, then he tried again. Still nothing happened. He increased the pressure. Had the beastly thing stuck? Finally, in desperation, he pushed with all his might. But the door remained firm, and at last the truth dawned upon him. It was locked or bolted on the inside. For a moment or two Tommy's indignation got the better of him. "Well, I'm damned!" he said. "What a dirty trick!" As his indignation cooled, he prepared to face the situation. Clearly the first thing to be done was to restore the handle to its original position. If he let it go suddenly, the men inside would be almost certain to notice it, so, with the same infinite pains, he reversed his former tactics. All went well, and with a sigh of relief the young man rose to his feet. There was a certain bulldog tenacity about Tommy that made him slow to admit defeat. Checkmated for the moment, he was far from abandoning the conflict. He still intended to hear what was going on in the locked room. As one plan had failed, he must hunt about for another. He looked round him. A little farther along the passage on the left was a second door. He slipped silently along to it. He listened for a moment or two, then tried the handle. It yielded, and he slipped inside. The room, which was untenanted, was furnished as a bedroom. Like everything But what interested Tommy was the thing he had hoped to find, a communicating door between the two rooms, up on the left by the window. Carefully closing the door into the passage behind him, he stepped across to the other and examined it closely. The bolt was shot across it. It was very rusty, and had clearly not been used for some time. By gently wriggling it to and fro, Tommy managed to draw it back without making too much noise. Then he repeated his former manœuvres with the handle--this time with complete success. The door swung open--a crack, a mere fraction, but enough for Tommy to hear what went on. There was a velvet _portière_ on the inside of this door which prevented him from seeing, but he was able to recognize the voices with a reasonable amount of accuracy. The Sinn Feiner was speaking. His rich Irish voice was unmistakable: "That's all very well. But more money is essential. No money--no results!" Another voice which Tommy rather thought was that of Boris replied: "Will you guarantee that there _are_ results?" "In a month from now--sooner or later as you wish--I will guarantee you such a reign of terror in Ireland as shall shake the British Empire to its foundations." There was a pause, and then came the soft, sibilant accents of Number One: "Good! You shall have the money. Boris, you will see to that." Boris asked a question: "Via the Irish Americans, and Mr. Potter as usual?" "I guess that'll be all right!" said a new voice, with a transatlantic intonation, "though I'd like to point out, here and now, that things are getting a mite difficult. There's not the sympathy there was, and a growing disposition to let the Irish settle their own affairs without interference from America." Tommy felt that Boris had shrugged his shoulders as he answered: "Does that matter, since the money only nominally comes from the States?" "The chief difficulty is the landing of the ammunition," said the Sinn Feiner. "The money is conveyed in easily enough--thanks to our colleague here." Another voice, which Tommy fancied was that of the tall, commanding-looking man whose face had seemed familiar to him, said: "Think of the feelings of Belfast if they could hear you!" "That is settled, then," said the sibilant tones. "Now, in the matter of the loan to an English newspaper, you have arranged the details satisfactorily, Boris?" "I think so." "That is good. An official denial from Moscow will be forthcoming if necessary." There was a pause, and then the clear voice of the German broke the silence: "I am directed by--Mr. Brown, to place the summaries of the reports from the different unions before you. That of the miners is most satisfactory. We must hold back the railways. There may be trouble with the A.S.E." For a long time there was a silence, broken only by the rustle of papers and an occasional word of explanation from the German. Then Tommy heard the light tap-tap of fingers, drumming on the table. "And--the date, my friend?" said Number One. "The 29th." The Russian seemed to consider: "That is rather soon." "I know. But it was settled by the principal Labour leaders, and we cannot seem to interfere too much. They must believe it to be entirely their own show." The Russian laughed softly, as though amused. "Yes, yes," he said. "That is true. They must have no inkling that we are using them for our own ends. They are honest men--and that is their value to us. It is curious--but you cannot make a revolution without honest men. The instinct of the populace is infallible." He paused, and then repeated, as though the phrase pleased him: "Every revolution has had its honest men. They are soon disposed of afterwards." There was a sinister note in his voice. The German resumed: "Clymes must go. He is too far-seeing. Number Fourteen will see to that." There was a hoarse murmur. "That's all right, gov'nor." And then after a moment or two: "Suppose I'm nabbed." "You will have the best legal talent to defend you," replied the German quietly. "But in any case you will wear gloves fitted with the finger-prints of a notorious housebreaker. You have little to fear." "Oh, I ain't afraid, gov'nor. All for the good of the cause. The streets is going to run with blood, so they say." He spoke with a grim relish. "Dreams of it, sometimes, I does. And diamonds and pearls rolling about in the gutter for anyone to pick up!" Tommy heard a chair shifted. Then Number One spoke: "Then all is arranged. We are assured of success?" "I--think so." But the German spoke with less than his usual confidence. Number One's voice held suddenly a dangerous quality: "What has gone wrong?" "Nothing; but----" "But what?" "The Labour leaders. Without them, as you say, we can do nothing. If they do not declare a general strike on the 29th----" "Why should they not?" "As you've said, they're honest. And, in spite of everything we've done to discredit the Government in their eyes, I'm not sure that they haven't got a sneaking faith and belief in it." "But----" "I know. They abuse it unceasingly. But, on the whole, public opinion swings to the side of the Government. They will not go against it." Again the Russian's fingers drummed on the table. "To the point, my friend. I was given to understand that there was a certain document in existence which assured success." "That is so. If that document were placed before the leaders, the result would be immediate. They would publish it broadcast throughout England, and declare for the revolution without a moment's hesitation. The Government would be broken finally and completely." "Then what more do you want?" "The document itself," said the German bluntly. "Ah! It is not in your possession? But you know where it is?" "No." "Does anyone know where it is?" "One person--perhaps. And we are not sure of that even." "Who is this person?" "A girl." Tommy held his breath. "A girl?" The Russian's voice rose contemptuously. "And you have not made her speak? In Russia we have ways of making a girl talk." "This case is different," said the German sullenly. "How--different?" He paused a moment, then went on: "Where is the girl now?" "The girl?" "Yes." "She is----" But Tommy heard no more. A crashing blow descended on his head, and all was darkness. WHEN Tommy set forth on the trail of the two men, it took all Tuppence's self-command to refrain from accompanying him. However, she contained herself as best she might, consoled by the reflection that her reasoning had been justified by events. The two men had undoubtedly come from the second floor flat, and that one slender thread of the name "Rita" had set the Young Adventurers once more upon the track of the abductors of Jane Finn. The question was what to do next? Tuppence hated letting the grass grow under her feet. Tommy was amply employed, and debarred from joining him in the chase, the girl felt at a loose end. She retraced her steps to the entrance hall of the mansions. It was now tenanted by a small lift-boy, who was polishing brass fittings, and whistling the latest air with a good deal of vigour and a reasonable amount of accuracy. He glanced round at Tuppence's entry. There was a certain amount of the gamin element in the girl, at all events she invariably got on well with small boys. A sympathetic bond seemed instantly to be formed. She reflected that an ally in the enemy's camp, so to speak, was not to be despised. "Well, William," she remarked cheerfully, in the best approved hospital-early-morning style, "getting a good shine up?" The boy grinned responsively. "Albert, miss," he corrected. "Albert be it," said Tuppence. She glanced mysteriously round the hall. The effect was purposely a broad one in case Albert should miss it. She leaned towards the boy and dropped her voice: "I want a word with you, Albert." Albert ceased operations on the fittings and opened his mouth slightly. "Look! Do you know what this is?" With a dramatic gesture she flung back the left side of her coat and exposed a small enamelled badge. It was extremely unlikely that Albert would have any knowledge of it--indeed, it would have been fatal for Tuppence's plans, since the badge in question was the device of a local training corps originated by the archdeacon in the early days of the war. Its presence in Tuppence's coat was due to the fact that she had used it for pinning in some flowers a day or two before. But Tuppence had sharp eyes, and had noted the corner of a threepenny detective novel protruding from Albert's pocket, and the immediate enlargement of his eyes told her that her tactics were good, and that the fish would rise to the bait. "American Detective Force!" she hissed. Albert fell for it. "Lord!" he murmured ecstatically. Tuppence nodded at him with the air of one who has established a thorough understanding. "Know who I'm after?" she inquired genially. Albert, still round-eyed, demanded breathlessly: "One of the flats?" Tuppence nodded and jerked a thumb up the stairs. "No. 20. Calls herself Vandemeyer. Vandemeyer! Ha! ha!" Albert's hand stole to his pocket. "A crook?" he queried eagerly. "A crook? I should say so. Ready Rita they call her in the States." "Ready Rita," repeated Albert deliriously. "Oh, ain't it just like the pictures!" It was. Tuppence was a great frequenter of the cinema. "Annie always said as how she was a bad lot," continued the boy. "Who's Annie?" inquired Tuppence idly. "‘Ouse-parlourmaid. She's leaving to-day. Many's the time Annie's said to me: ‘Mark my words, Albert, I wouldn't wonder if the police was to come after her one of these days.' Just like that. But she's a stunner to look at, ain't she?" "She's some peach," allowed Tuppence carelessly. "Finds it useful in her lay-out, you bet. Has she been wearing any of the emeralds, by the way?" "Emeralds? Them's the green stones, isn't they?" Tuppence nodded. "That's what we're after her for. You know old man Rysdale?" Albert shook his head. "Peter B. Rysdale, the oil king?" "It seems sort of familiar to me." "The sparklers belonged to him. Finest collection of emeralds in the world. Worth a million dollars!" "Lumme!" came ecstatically from Albert. "It sounds more like the pictures every minute." Tuppence smiled, gratified at the success of her efforts. "We haven't exactly proved it yet. But we're after her. And"--she produced a long-drawn-out wink--"I guess she won't get away with the goods this time." Albert uttered another ejaculation indicative of delight. "Mind you, sonny, not a word of this," said Tuppence suddenly. "I guess I oughtn't to have put you wise, but in the States we know a real smart lad when we see one." "I'll not breathe a word," protested Albert eagerly. "Ain't there anything I could do? A bit of shadowing, maybe, or such like?" Tuppence affected to consider, then shook her head. "Not at the moment, but I'll bear you in mind, son. What's this about the girl you say is leaving?" "Annie? Regular turn up, they ‘ad. As Annie said, servants is some one nowadays, and to be treated accordingly, and, what with her passing the word round, she won't find it so easy to get another." "Won't she?" said Tuppence thoughtfully. "I wonder----" An idea was dawning in her brain. She thought a minute or two, then tapped Albert on the shoulder. "See here, son, my brain's got busy. How would it be if you mentioned that you'd got a young cousin, or a friend of yours had, that might suit the place. You get me?" "I'm there," said Albert instantly. "You leave it to me, miss, and I'll fix the whole thing up in two ticks." "Some lad!" commented Tuppence, with a nod of approval. "You might say that the young woman could come in right away. You let me know, and if it's O.K. I'll be round to-morrow at eleven o'clock." "Where am I to let you know to?" "_Ritz_," replied Tuppence laconically. "Name of Cowley." Albert eyed her enviously. "It must be a good job, this tec business." "It sure is," drawled Tuppence, "especially when old man Rysdale backs the bill. But don't fret, son. If this goes well, you shall come in on the ground floor." With which promise she took leave of her new ally, and walked briskly away from South Audley Mansions, well pleased with her morning's work. But there was no time to be lost. She went straight back to the _Ritz_ and wrote a few brief words to Mr. Carter. Having dispatched this, and Tommy not having yet returned--which did not surprise her--she started off on a shopping expedition which, with an interval for tea and assorted creamy cakes, occupied her until well after six o'clock, and she returned to the hotel jaded, but satisfied with her purchases. Starting with a cheap clothing store, and passing through one or two second-hand establishments, she had finished the day at a well-known hairdresser's. Now, in the seclusion of her bedroom, she unwrapped that final purchase. Five minutes later she smiled contentedly at her reflection in the glass. With an actress's pencil she had slightly altered the line of her eyebrows, and that, taken in conjunction with the new luxuriant growth of fair hair above, so changed her appearance that she felt confident that even if she came face to face with Whittington he would not recognize her. She would wear elevators in her shoes, and the cap and apron would be an even more valuable disguise. From hospital experience she knew only too well that a nurse out of uniform is frequently unrecognized by her patients. "Yes," said Tuppence aloud, nodding at the pert reflection in the glass, "you'll do." She then resumed her normal appearance. Dinner was a solitary meal. Tuppence was rather surprised at Tommy's non-return. Julius, too, was absent--but that to the girl's mind was more easily explained. His "hustling" activities were not confined to London, and his abrupt appearances and disappearances were fully accepted by the Young Adventurers as part of the day's work. It was quite on the cards that Julius P. Hersheimmer had left for Constantinople at a moment's notice if he fancied that a clue to his cousin's disappearance was to be found there. The energetic young man had succeeded in making the lives of several Scotland Yard men unbearable to them, and the telephone girls at the Admiralty had learned to know and dread the familiar "Hullo!" He had spent three hours in Paris hustling the Prefecture, and had returned from there imbued with the idea, possibly inspired by a weary French official, that the true clue to the mystery was to be found in Ireland. "I dare say he's dashed off there now," thought Tuppence. "All very well, but this is very dull for _me!_ Here I am bursting with news, and absolutely no one to tell it to! Tommy might have wired, or something. I wonder where he is. Anyway, he can't have ‘lost the trail' as they say. That reminds me----" And Miss Cowley broke off in her meditations, and summoned a small boy. Ten minutes later the lady was ensconced comfortably on her bed, smoking cigarettes and deep in the perusal of _Garnaby Williams, the Boy Detective_, which, with other threepenny works of lurid fiction, she had sent out to purchase. She felt, and rightly, that before the strain of attempting further intercourse with Albert, it would be as well to fortify herself with a good supply of local colour. The morning brought a note from Mr. Carter: "DEAR MISS TUPPENCE, "You have made a splendid start, and I congratulate you. I feel, though, that I should like to point out to you once more the risks you are running, especially if you pursue the course you indicate. Those people are absolutely desperate and incapable of either mercy or pity. I feel that you probably underestimate the danger, and therefore warn you again that I can promise you no protection. You have given us valuable information, and if you choose to withdraw now no one could blame you. At any rate, think the matter over well before you decide. "If, in spite of my warnings, you make up your mind to go through with it, you will find everything arranged. You have lived for two years with Miss Dufferin, The Parsonage, Llanelly, and Mrs. Vandemeyer can apply to her for a reference. "May I be permitted a word or two of advice? Stick as near to the truth as possible--it minimizes the danger of ‘slips.' I suggest that you should represent yourself to be what you are, a former V.A.D., who has chosen domestic service as a profession. There are many such at the present time. That explains away any incongruities of voice or manner which otherwise might awaken suspicion. "Whichever way you decide, good luck to you. "Your sincere friend, "MR. CARTER." Tuppence's spirits rose mercurially. Mr. Carter's warnings passed unheeded. The young lady had far too much confidence in herself to pay any heed to them. With some reluctance she abandoned the interesting part she had sketched out for herself. Although she had no doubts of her own powers to sustain a role indefinitely, she had too much common sense not to recognize the force of Mr. Carter's arguments. There was still no word or message from Tommy, but the morning post brought a somewhat dirty postcard with the words: "It's O.K." scrawled upon it. At ten-thirty Tuppence surveyed with pride a slightly battered tin trunk containing her new possessions. It was artistically corded. It was with a slight blush that she rang the bell and ordered it to be placed in a taxi. She drove to Paddington, and left the box in the cloak room. She then repaired with a handbag to the fastnesses of the ladies' waiting-room. Ten minutes later a metamorphosed Tuppence walked demurely out of the station and entered a bus. It was a few minutes past eleven when Tuppence again entered the hall of South Audley Mansions. Albert was on the look-out, attending to his duties in a somewhat desultory fashion. He did not immediately recognize Tuppence. When he did, his admiration was unbounded. "Blest if I'd have known you! That rig-out's top-hole." "Glad you like it, Albert," replied Tuppence modestly. "By the way, am I your cousin, or am I not?" "Your voice too," cried the delighted boy. "It's as English as anything! No, I said as a friend of mine knew a young gal. Annie wasn't best pleased. She's stopped on till to-day--to oblige, _she_ said, but really it's so as to put you against the place." "Nice girl," said Tuppence. Albert suspected no irony. "She's style about her, and keeps her silver a treat--but, my word, ain't she got a temper. Are you going up now, miss? Step inside the lift. No. 20 did you say?" And he winked. Tuppence quelled him with a stern glance, and stepped inside. As she rang the bell of No. 20 she was conscious of Albert's eyes slowly descending beneath the level of the floor. A smart young woman opened the door. "I've come about the place," said Tuppence. "It's a rotten place," said the young woman without hesitation. "Regular old cat--always interfering. Accused me of tampering with her letters. Me! The flap was half undone anyway. There's never anything in the waste-paper basket--she burns everything. She's a wrong ‘un, that's what she is. Swell clothes, but no class. Cook knows something about her--but she won't tell--scared to death of her. And suspicious! She's on to you in a minute if you as much as speak to a fellow. I can tell you----" But what more Annie could tell, Tuppence was never destined to learn, for at that moment a clear voice with a peculiarly steely ring to it called: "Annie!" The smart young woman jumped as if she had been shot. "Yes, ma'am." "Who are you talking to?" "It's a young woman about the situation, ma'am." "Show her in then. At once." "Yes, ma'am." Tuppence was ushered into a room on the right of the long passage. A woman was standing by the fireplace. She was no longer in her first youth, and the beauty she undeniably possessed was hardened and coarsened. In her youth she must have been dazzling. Her pale gold hair, owing a slight assistance to art, was coiled low on her neck, her eyes, of a piercing electric blue, seemed to possess a faculty of boring into the very soul of the person she was looking at. Her exquisite figure was enhanced And yet, despite her swaying grace, and the almost ethereal beauty of her face, you felt instinctively the presence of something hard and menacing, a kind of metallic strength that found expression in the tones of her voice and in that gimlet-like quality of her eyes. For the first time Tuppence felt afraid. She had not feared Whittington, but this woman was different. As if fascinated, she watched the long cruel line of the red curving mouth, and again she felt that sensation of panic pass over her. Her usual self-confidence deserted her. Vaguely she felt that deceiving this woman would be very different to deceiving Whittington. Mr. Carter's warning recurred to her mind. Here, indeed, she might expect no mercy. Fighting down that instinct of panic which urged her to turn tail and run without further delay, Tuppence returned the lady's gaze firmly and respectfully. As though that first scrutiny had been satisfactory, Mrs. Vandemeyer motioned to a chair. "You can sit down. How did you hear I wanted a house-parlourmaid?" "Through a friend who knows the lift boy here. He thought the place might suit me." Again that basilisk glance seemed to pierce her through. "You speak like an educated girl?" Glibly enough, Tuppence ran through her imaginary career on the lines suggested by Mr. Carter. It seemed to her, as she did so, that the tension of Mrs. Vandemeyer's attitude relaxed. "I see," she remarked at length. "Is there anyone I can write to for a reference?" "I lived last with a Miss Dufferin, The Parsonage, Llanelly. I was with her two years." "And then you thought you would get more money by coming to London, I suppose? Well, it doesn't matter to me. I will give you £50--£60--whatever you want. You can come in at once?" "Yes, ma'am. To-day, if you like. My box is at Paddington." "Go and fetch it in a taxi, then. It's an easy place. I am out a good deal. By the way, what's your name?" "Prudence Cooper, ma'am." "Very well, Prudence. Go away and fetch your box. I shall be out to lunch. The cook will show you where everything is." "Thank you, ma'am." Tuppence withdrew. The smart Annie was not in evidence. In the hall below a magnificent hall porter had relegated Albert to the background. Tuppence did not even glance at him as she passed meekly out. The adventure had begun, but she felt less elated than she had done earlier in the morning. It crossed her mind that if the unknown Jane Finn had fallen into the hands of Mrs. Vandemeyer, it was likely to have gone hard with her. TUPPENCE betrayed no awkwardness in her new duties. The daughters of the archdeacon were well grounded in household tasks. They were also experts in training a "raw girl," the inevitable result being that the raw girl, once trained, departed elsewhere where her newly acquired knowledge commanded a more substantial remuneration than the archdeacon's meagre purse allowed. Tuppence had therefore very little fear of proving inefficient. Mrs. Vandemeyer's cook puzzled her. She evidently went in deadly terror of her mistress. The girl thought it probable that the other woman had some hold over her. For the rest, she cooked like a _chef_, as Tuppence had an opportunity of judging that evening. Mrs. Vandemeyer was expecting a guest to dinner, and Tuppence accordingly laid the beautifully polished table for two. She was a little exercised in her own mind as to this visitor. It was highly possible that it might prove to be Whittington. Although she felt fairly confident that he would not recognize her, yet she would have been better pleased had the guest proved to be a total stranger. However, there was nothing for it but to hope for the best. At a few minutes past eight the front door bell rang, and Tuppence went to answer it with some inward trepidation. She was relieved to see that the visitor was the second of the two men whom Tommy had taken upon himself to follow. He gave his name as Count Stepanov. Tuppence announced him, and Mrs. Vandemeyer rose from her seat on a low divan with a quick murmur of pleasure. "It is delightful to see you, Boris Ivanovitch," she said. "And you, madame!" He bowed low over her hand. Tuppence returned to the kitchen. "Count Stepanov, or some such," she remarked, and affecting a frank and unvarnished curiosity: "Who's he?" "A Russian gentleman, I believe." "Come here much?" "Once in a while. What d'you want to know for?" "Fancied he might be sweet on the missus, that's all," explained the girl, adding with an appearance of sulkiness: "How you do take one up!" "I'm not quite easy in my mind about the _soufflé_," explained the other. "You know something," thought Tuppence to herself, but aloud she only said: "Going to dish up now? Right-o." Whilst waiting at table, Tuppence listened closely to all that was said. She remembered that this was one of the men Tommy was shadowing when she had last seen him. Already, although she would hardly admit it, she was becoming uneasy about her partner. Where was he? Why had no word of any kind come from him? She had arranged before leaving the _Ritz_ to have all letters or messages sent on at once by special messenger to a small stationer's shop near at hand where Albert was to call in frequently. True, it was only yesterday morning that she had parted from Tommy, and she told herself that any anxiety on his behalf would be absurd. Still, it was strange that he had sent no word of any kind. But, listen as she might, the conversation presented no clue. Boris and Mrs. Vandemeyer talked on purely indifferent subjects: plays they had seen, new dances, and the latest society gossip. After dinner they repaired to the small boudoir where Mrs. Vandemeyer, stretched on the divan, looked more wickedly beautiful than ever. Tuppence brought in the coffee and liqueurs and unwillingly retired. As she did so, she heard Boris say: "New, isn't she?" "She came in to-day. The other was a fiend. This girl seems all right. She waits well." Tuppence lingered a moment longer by the door which she had carefully neglected to close, and heard him say: "Quite safe, I suppose?" "Really, Boris, you are absurdly suspicious. I believe she's the cousin of the hall porter, or something of the kind. And nobody even dreams that I have any connection with our--mutual friend, Mr. Brown." "For heaven's sake, be careful, Rita. That door isn't shut." "Well, shut it then," laughed the woman. Tuppence removed herself speedily. She dared not absent herself longer from the back premises, but she cleared away and washed up with a breathless speed acquired in hospital. Then she slipped quietly back to the boudoir door. The cook, more leisurely, was still busy in the kitchen and, if she missed the other, would only suppose her to be turning down the beds. Alas! The conversation inside was being carried on in too low a tone to permit of her hearing anything of it. She dared not reopen the door, however gently. Mrs. Vandemeyer was sitting almost facing it, and Tuppence respected her mistress's lynx-eyed powers of observation. Nevertheless, she felt she would give a good deal to overhear what was going on. Possibly, if anything unforeseen had happened, she might get news of Tommy. For some moments she reflected desperately, then her face brightened. She went quickly along the passage to Mrs. Vandemeyer's bedroom, which had long French windows leading on to a balcony that ran the length of the flat. Slipping quickly through the window, Tuppence crept noiselessly along till she reached the boudoir window. As she had thought it stood a little ajar, and the voices within were plainly audible. Tuppence listened attentively, but there was no mention of anything that could be twisted to apply to Tommy. Mrs. Vandemeyer and the Russian seemed to be at variance over some matter, and finally the latter exclaimed bitterly: "With your persistent recklessness, you will end by ruining us!" "Bah!" laughed the woman. "Notoriety of the right kind is the best way of disarming suspicion. You will realize that one of these days--perhaps sooner than you think!" "In the meantime, you are going about everywhere with Peel Edgerton. Not only is he, perhaps, the most celebrated K.C. in England, but his special hobby is criminology! It is madness!" "I know that his eloquence has saved untold men from the gallows," said Mrs. Vandemeyer calmly. "What of it? I may need his assistance in that line myself some day. If so, how fortunate to have such a friend at court--or perhaps it would be more to the point to say _in_ court." Boris got up and began striding up and down. He was very excited. "You are a clever woman, Rita; but you are also a fool! Be guided by me, and give up Peel Edgerton." Mrs. Vandemeyer shook her head gently. "I think not." "You refuse?" There was an ugly ring in the Russian's voice. "I do." "Then, by Heaven," snarled the Russian, "we will see----" But Mrs. Vandemeyer also rose to her feet, her eyes flashing. "You forget, Boris," she said. "I am accountable to no one. I take my orders only from--Mr. Brown." The other threw up his hands in despair. "You are impossible," he muttered. "Impossible! Already it may be too late. They say Peel Edgerton can _smell_ a criminal! How do we know what is at the bottom of his sudden interest in you? Perhaps even now his suspicions are aroused. He guesses----" Mrs. Vandemeyer eyed him scornfully. "Reassure yourself, my dear Boris. He suspects nothing. With less than your usual chivalry, you seem to forget that I am commonly accounted a beautiful woman. I assure you that is all that interests Peel Edgerton." Boris shook his head doubtfully. "He has studied crime as no other man in this kingdom has studied it. Do you fancy that you can deceive him?" Mrs. Vandemeyer's eyes narrowed. "If he is all that you say--it would amuse me to try!" "Good heavens, Rita----" "Besides," added Mrs. Vandemeyer, "he is extremely rich. I am not one who despises money. The ‘sinews of war,' you know, Boris!" "Money--money! That is always the danger with you, Rita. I believe you would sell your soul for money. I believe----" He paused, then in a low, sinister voice he said slowly: "Sometimes I believe that you would sell-- _us!_" Mrs. Vandemeyer smiled and shrugged her shoulders. "The price, at any rate, would have to be enormous," she said lightly. "It would be beyond the power of anyone but a millionaire to pay." "Ah!" snarled the Russian. "You see, I was right!" "My dear Boris, can you not take a joke?" "Was it a joke?" "Of course." "Then all I can say is that your ideas of humour are peculiar, my dear Rita." Mrs. Vandemeyer smiled. "Let us not quarrel, Boris. Touch the bell. We will have some drinks." Tuppence beat a hasty retreat. She paused a moment to survey herself in Mrs. Vandemeyer's long glass, and be sure that nothing was amiss with her appearance. Then she answered the bell demurely. The conversation that she had overheard, although interesting in that it proved beyond doubt the complicity of both Rita and Boris, threw very little light on the present preoccupations. The name of Jane Finn had not even been mentioned. The following morning a few brief words with Albert informed her that nothing was waiting for her at the stationer's. It seemed incredible that Tommy, if all was well with him, should not send any word to her. A cold hand seemed to close round her heart.... Supposing.... She choked her fears down bravely. It was no good worrying. But she leapt at a chance offered her by Mrs. Vandemeyer. "What day do you usually go out, Prudence?" "Friday's my usual day, ma'am." Mrs. Vandemeyer lifted her eyebrows. "And to-day is Friday! But I suppose you hardly wish to go out to-day, as you only came yesterday." "I was thinking of asking you if I might, ma'am." Mrs. Vandemeyer looked at her a minute longer, and then smiled. "I wish Count Stepanov could hear you. He made a suggestion about you last night." Her smile broadened, catlike. "Your request is very--typical. I am satisfied. You do not understand all this--but you can go out to-day. It makes no difference to me, as I shall not be dining at home." "Thank you, ma'am." Tuppence felt a sensation of relief once she was out of the other's presence. Once again she admitted to herself that she was afraid, horribly afraid, of the beautiful woman with the cruel eyes. In the midst of a final desultory polishing of her silver, Tuppence was disturbed by the ringing of the front door bell, and went to answer it. This time the visitor was neither Whittington nor Boris, but a man of striking appearance. Just a shade over average height, he nevertheless conveyed the impression of a big man. His face, clean-shaven and exquisitely mobile, was stamped with an expression of power and force far beyond the ordinary. Magnetism seemed to radiate from him. Tuppence was undecided for the moment whether to put him down as an actor or a lawyer, but her doubts were soon solved as he gave her his name: Sir James Peel Edgerton. She looked at him with renewed interest. This, then, was the famous K.C. whose name was familiar all over England. She had heard it said that he might one day be Prime Minister. He was known to have refused office in the interests of his profession, preferring to remain a simple Member for a Scotch constituency. Tuppence went back to her pantry thoughtfully. The great man had impressed her. She understood Boris's agitation. Peel Edgerton would not be an easy man to deceive. In about a quarter of an hour the bell rang, and Tuppence repaired to the hall to show the visitor out. He had given her a piercing glance before. Now, as she handed him his hat and stick, she was conscious of his eyes raking her through. As she opened the door and stood aside to let him pass out, he stopped in the doorway. "Not been doing this long, eh?" Tuppence raised her eyes, astonished. She read in his glance kindliness, and something else more difficult to fathom. He nodded as though she had answered. "V.A.D. and hard up, I suppose?" "Did Mrs. Vandemeyer tell you that?" asked Tuppence suspiciously. "No, child. The look of you told me. Good place here?" "Very good, thank you, sir." "Ah, but there are plenty of good places nowadays. And a change does no harm sometimes." "Do you mean----?" began Tuppence. But Sir James was already on the topmost stair. He looked back with his kindly, shrewd glance. "Just a hint," he said. "That's all." Tuppence went back to the pantry more thoughtful than ever. DRESSED appropriately, Tuppence duly sallied forth for her "afternoon out." Albert was in temporary abeyance, but Tuppence went herself to the stationer's to make quite sure that nothing had come for her. Satisfied on this point, she made her way to the _Ritz_. On inquiry she learnt that Tommy had not yet returned. It was the answer she had expected, but it was another nail in the coffin of her hopes. She resolved to appeal to Mr. Carter, telling him when and where Tommy had started on his quest, and asking him to do something to trace him. The prospect of his aid revived her mercurial spirits, and she next inquired for Julius Hersheimmer. The reply she got was to the effect that he had returned about half an hour ago, but had gone out immediately. Tuppence's spirits revived still more. It would be something to see Julius. Perhaps he could devise some plan for finding out what had become of Tommy. She wrote her note to Mr. Carter in Julius's sitting-room, and was just addressing the envelope when the door burst open. "What the hell----" began Julius, but checked himself abruptly. "I beg your pardon, Miss Tuppence. Those fools down at the office would have it that Beresford wasn't here any longer--hadn't been here since Wednesday. Is that so?" Tuppence nodded. "You don't know where he is?" she asked faintly. "I? How should I know? I haven't had one darned word from him, though I wired him yesterday morning." "I expect your wire's at the office unopened." "But where is he?" "I don't know. I hoped you might." "I tell you I haven't had one darned word from him since we parted at the depot on Wednesday." "What depot?" "Waterloo. Your London and South Western road." "Waterloo?" frowned Tuppence. "Why, yes. Didn't he tell you?" "I haven't seen him either," replied Tuppence impatiently. "Go on about Waterloo. What were you doing there?" "He gave me a call. Over the phone. Told me to get a move on, and hustle. Said he was trailing two crooks." "Oh!" said Tuppence, her eyes opening. "I see. Go on." "I hurried along right away. Beresford was there. He pointed out the crooks. The big one was mine, the guy you bluffed. Tommy shoved a ticket into my hand and told me to get aboard the cars. He was going to sleuth the other crook." Julius paused. "I thought for sure you'd know all this." "Julius," said Tuppence firmly, "stop walking up and down. It makes me giddy. Sit down in that armchair, and tell me the whole story with as few fancy turns of speech as possible." Mr. Hersheimmer obeyed. "Sure," he said. "Where shall I begin?" "Where you left off. At Waterloo." "Well," began Julius, "I got into one of your dear old-fashioned first-class British compartments. The train was just off. First thing I knew a guard came along and informed me mighty politely that I wasn't in a smoking-carriage. I handed him out half a dollar, and that settled that. I did a bit of prospecting along the corridor to the next coach. Whittington was there right enough. When I saw the skunk, with his big sleek fat face, and thought of poor little Jane in his clutches, I felt real mad that I hadn't got a gun with me. I'd have tickled him up some. "We got to Bournemouth all right. Whittington took a cab and gave the name of an hotel. I did likewise, and we drove up within three minutes of each other. He hired a room, and I hired one too. So far it was all plain sailing. He hadn't the remotest notion that anyone was on to him. Well, he just sat around in the hotel lounge, reading the papers and so on, till it was time for dinner. He didn't hurry any over that either. "I began to think that there was nothing doing, that he'd just come on the trip for his health, but I remembered that he hadn't changed for dinner, though it was by way of being a slap-up hotel, so it seemed likely enough that he'd be going out on his real business afterwards. "Sure enough, about nine o'clock, so he did. Took a car across the town--mighty pretty place by the way, I guess I'll take Jane there for a spell when I find her--and then paid it off and struck out along those pine-woods on the top of the cliff. I was there too, you understand. We walked, maybe, for half an hour. There's a lot of villas all the way along, but by degrees they seemed to get more and more thinned out, and in the end we got to one that seemed the last of the bunch. Big house it was, with a lot of piny grounds around it. "It was a pretty black night, and the carriage drive up to the house was dark as pitch. I could hear him ahead, though I couldn't see him. I had to walk carefully in case he might get on to it that he was being followed. I turned a curve and I was just in time to see him ring the bell and get admitted to the house. I just stopped where I was. It was beginning to rain, and I was soon pretty near soaked through. Also, it was almighty cold. "Whittington didn't come out again, and by and by I got kind of restive, and began to mouch around. All the ground floor windows were shuttered tight, but upstairs, on the first floor (it was a two-storied house) I noticed a window with a light burning and the curtains not drawn. "Now, just opposite to that window, there was a tree growing. It was about thirty foot away from the house, Of course, I knew there was no reason why Whittington should be in that room rather than in any other--less reason, in fact, for the betting would be on his being in one of the reception-rooms downstairs. But I guess I'd got the hump from standing so long in the rain, and anything seemed better than going on doing nothing. So I started up. "It wasn't so easy, by a long chalk! The rain had made the boughs mighty slippery, and it was all I could do to keep a foothold, but bit by bit I managed it, until at last there I was level with the window. "But then I was disappointed. I was too far to the left. I could only see sideways into the room. A bit of curtain, and a yard of wallpaper was all I could command. Well, that wasn't any manner of good to me, but just as I was going to give it up, and climb down ignominiously, some one inside moved and threw his shadow on my little bit of wall--and, by gum, it was Whittington! "After that, my blood was up. I'd just _got_ to get a look into that room. It was up to me to figure out how. I noticed that there was a long branch running out from the tree in the right direction. If I could only swarm about half-way along it, the proposition would be solved. But it was mighty uncertain whether it would bear my weight. I decided I'd just got to risk that, and I started. Very cautiously, inch by inch, I crawled along. The bough creaked and swayed in a nasty fashion, and it didn't do to think of the drop below, but at last I got safely to where I wanted to be. "The room was medium-sized, furnished in a kind of bare hygienic way. There was a table with a lamp on it in the middle of the room, and sitting at that table, facing towards me, was Whittington right enough. He was talking to a woman dressed as a hospital nurse. She was sitting with her back to me, so I couldn't see her face. Although the blinds were up, the window itself was shut, so I couldn't catch a word of what they said. Whittington seemed to be doing all the talking, and the nurse just listened. Now and then she nodded, and sometimes she'd shake her head, as though she were answering questions. He seemed very emphatic--once or twice he beat with his fist on the table. The rain had stopped now, and the sky was clearing in that sudden way it does. "Presently, he seemed to get to the end of what he was saying. He got up, and so did she. He looked towards the window and asked something--I guess it was whether it was raining. Anyway, she came right across and looked out. Just then the moon came out from behind the clouds. I was scared the woman would catch sight of me, for I was full in the moonlight. I tried to move back a bit. The jerk I gave was too much for that rotten old branch. With an almighty crash, down it came, and Julius P. Hersheimmer with it!" "Oh, Julius," breathed Tuppence, "how exciting! Go on." "Well, luckily for me, I pitched down into a good soft bed of earth--but it put me out of action for the time, sure enough. The next thing I knew, I was lying in bed with a hospital nurse (not Whittington's one) on one side of me, and a little black-bearded man with gold glasses, and medical man written all over him, on the other. He rubbed his hands together, and raised his eyebrows as I stared at him. ‘Ah!' he said. ‘So our young friend is coming round again. Capital. Capital.' "I did the usual stunt. Said: ‘What's happened?' And ‘Where am I?' But I knew the answer to the last well enough. There's no moss growing on my brain. ‘I think that'll do for the present, sister,' said the little man, and the nurse left the room in a sort of brisk well-trained way. But I caught her handing me out a look of deep curiosity as she passed through the door. "That look of hers gave me an idea. ‘Now then, doc,' I said, and tried to sit up in bed, but my right foot gave me a nasty twinge as I did so. ‘A slight sprain,' explained the doctor. ‘Nothing serious. You'll be about again in a couple of days.'" "I noticed you walked lame," interpolated Tuppence. Julius nodded, and continued: "‘How did it happen?' I asked again. He replied dryly. ‘You fell, with a considerable portion of one of my trees, into one of my newly planted flower-beds.' "I liked the man. He seemed to have a sense of humour. I felt sure that he, at least, was plumb straight. ‘Sure, doc,' I said, ‘I'm sorry about the tree, and I guess the new bulbs will be on me. But perhaps you'd like to know what I was doing in your garden?' ‘I think the facts do call for an explanation,' he replied. ‘Well, to begin with, I wasn't after the spoons.' "He smiled. ‘My first theory. But I soon altered my mind. By the way, you are an American, are you not?' I told him my name. ‘And you?' ‘I am Dr. Hall, and this, as you doubtless know, is my private nursing home.' "I didn't know, but I wasn't going to put him wise. I was just thankful for the information. I liked the man, and I felt he was straight, but I wasn't going to give him the whole story. For one thing he probably wouldn't have believed it. "I made up my mind in a flash. ‘Why, doctor,' I said, ‘I guess I feel an almighty fool, but I owe it to you to let you know that it wasn't the Bill Sikes business I was up to.' Then I went on and mumbled out something about a girl. I trotted out the stern guardian business, and a nervous breakdown, and finally explained that I had fancied I recognized her among the patients at the home, hence my nocturnal adventures. I guess it was just the kind of story he was expecting. ‘Quite a romance,' he said genially, when I'd finished. ‘Now, doc,' I went on, ‘will you be frank with me? Have you here now, or have you had here at any time, a young girl called Jane Finn?' He repeated the name thoughtfully. ‘Jane Finn?' he said. ‘No.' "I was chagrined, and I guess I showed it. ‘You are sure?' ‘Quite sure, Mr. Hersheimmer. It is an uncommon name, and I should not have been likely to forget it.' "Well, that was flat. It laid me out for a space. I'd kind of hoped my search was at an end. ‘That's that,' I said at last. ‘Now, there's another matter. When I was hugging that darned branch I thought I recognized an old friend of mine talking to one of your nurses.' I purposely didn't mention any name because, of course, Whittington might be calling himself something quite different down here, but the doctor answered at once. ‘Mr. Whittington, perhaps?' ‘That's the fellow,' I replied. ‘What's he doing down here? Don't tell me _his_ nerves are out of order?' "Dr. Hall laughed. ‘No. He came down to see one of my nurses, Nurse Edith, who is a niece of his.' ‘Why, fancy that!' I exclaimed. ‘Is he still here?' ‘No, he went back to town almost immediately.' ‘What a pity!' I ejaculated. ‘But perhaps I could speak to his niece--Nurse Edith, did you say her name was?' "But the doctor shook his head. ‘I'm afraid that, too, is impossible. Nurse Edith left with a patient to-night also.' ‘I seem to be real unlucky,' I remarked. ‘Have you Mr. Whittington's address in town? I guess I'd like to look him up when I get back.' ‘I don't know his address. I can write to Nurse Edith for it if you like.' I thanked him. ‘Don't say who it is wants it. I'd like to give him a little surprise.' "That was about all I could do for the moment. Of course, if the girl was really Whittington's niece, she might be too cute to fall into the trap, but it was worth trying. Next thing I did was to write out a wire to Beresford saying where I was, and that I was laid up with a sprained foot, and telling him to come down if he wasn't busy. I had to be guarded in what I said. However, I didn't hear from him, and my foot soon got all right. It was only ricked, not really sprained, so to-day I said good-bye to the little doctor chap, asked him to send me word if he heard from Nurse Edith, and came right away back to town. Say, Miss Tuppence, you're looking mighty pale!" "It's Tommy," said Tuppence. "What can have happened to him?" "Buck up, I guess he's all right really. Why shouldn't he be? See here, it was a foreign-looking guy he went off after. Maybe they've gone abroad--to Poland, or something like that?" Tuppence shook her head. "He couldn't without passports and things. Besides I've seen that man, Boris Something, since. He dined with Mrs. Vandemeyer last night." "Mrs. Who?" "I forgot. Of course you don't know all that." "I'm listening," said Julius, and gave vent to his favourite expression. "Put me wise." Tuppence thereupon related the events of the last two days. Julius's astonishment and admiration were unbounded. "Bully for you! Fancy you a menial. It just tickles me to death!" Then he added seriously: "But say now, I don't like it, Miss Tuppence, I sure don't. You're just as plucky as they make ‘em, but I wish you'd keep right out of this. These crooks we're up against would as soon croak a girl as a man any day." "Do you think I'm afraid?" said Tuppence indignantly, valiantly repressing memories of the steely glitter in Mrs. Vandemeyer's eyes. "I said before you were darned plucky. But that doesn't alter facts." "Oh, bother _me!_" said Tuppence impatiently. "Let's think about what can have happened to Tommy. I've written to Mr. Carter about it," she added, and told him the gist of her letter. Julius nodded gravely. "I guess that's good as far as it goes. But it's for us to get busy and do something." "What can we do?" asked Tuppence, her spirits rising. "I guess we'd better get on the track of Boris. You say he's been to your place. Is he likely to come again?" "He might. I really don't know." "I see. Well, I guess I'd better buy a car, a slap-up one, dress as a chauffeur and hang about outside. Then if Boris comes, you could make some kind of signal, and I'd trail him. How's that?" "Splendid, but he mightn't come for weeks." "We'll have to chance that. I'm glad you like the plan." He rose. "Where are you going?" "To buy the car, of course," replied Julius, surprised. "What make do you like? I guess you'll do some riding in it before we've finished." "Oh," said Tuppence faintly, "I _like_ Rolls-Royces, but----" "Sure," agreed Julius. "What you say goes. I'll get one." "But you can't at once," cried Tuppence. "People wait ages sometimes." "Little Julius doesn't," affirmed Mr. Hersheimmer. "Don't you worry any. I'll be round in the car in half an hour." Tuppence got up. "You're awfully good, Julius. But I can't help feeling that it's rather a forlorn hope. I'm really pinning my faith to Mr. Carter." "Then I shouldn't." "Why?" "Just an idea of mine." "Oh; but he must do something. There's no one else. By the way, I forgot to tell you of a queer thing that happened this morning." And she narrated her encounter with Sir James Peel Edgerton. Julius was interested. "What did the guy mean, do you think?" he asked. "I don't quite know," said Tuppence meditatively. "But I think that, in an ambiguous, legal, without prejudishish lawyer's way, he was trying to warn me." "Why should he?" "I don't know," confessed Tuppence. "But he looked kind, and simply awfully clever. I wouldn't mind going to him and telling him everything." Somewhat to her surprise, Julius negatived the idea sharply. "See here," he said, "we don't want any lawyers mixed up in this. That guy couldn't help us any." "Well, I believe he could," reiterated Tuppence obstinately. "Don't you think it. So long. I'll be back in half an hour." Thirty-five minutes had elapsed when Julius returned. He took Tuppence by the arm, and walked her to the window. "There she is." "Oh!" said Tuppence with a note of reverence in her voice, as she gazed down at the enormous car. "She's some pace-maker, I can tell you," said Julius complacently. "How did you get it?" gasped Tuppence. "She was just being sent home to some bigwig." "Well?" "I went round to his house," said Julius. "I said that I reckoned a car like that was worth every penny of twenty thousand dollars. Then I told him that it was worth just about fifty thousand dollars to me if he'd get out." "Well?" said Tuppence, intoxicated. "Well," returned Julius, "he got out, that's all." FRIDAY and Saturday passed uneventfully. Tuppence had received a brief answer to her appeal from Mr. Carter. In it he pointed out that the Young Adventurers had undertaken the work at their own risk, and had been fully warned of the dangers. If anything had happened to Tommy he regretted it deeply, but he could do nothing. This was cold comfort. Somehow, without Tommy, all the savour went out of the adventure, and, for the first time, Tuppence felt doubtful of success. While they had been together she had never questioned it for a minute. Although she was accustomed to take the lead, and to pride herself on her quick-wittedness, in reality she had relied upon Tommy more than she realized at the time. There was something so eminently sober and clear-headed about him, his common sense and soundness of vision were so unvarying, that without him Tuppence felt much like a rudderless ship. It was curious that Julius, who was undoubtedly much cleverer than Tommy, did not give her the same feeling of support. She had accused Tommy of being a pessimist, and it is certain that he always saw the disadvantages and difficulties which she herself was optimistically given to overlooking, but nevertheless she had really relied a good deal on his judgment. He might be slow, but he was very sure. It seemed to the girl that, for the first time, she realized the sinister character of the mission they had undertaken so lightheartedly. It had begun like a page of romance. Now, shorn of its glamour, it seemed to be turning to grim reality. Tommy--that was all that mattered. Many times in the day Tuppence blinked the tears out of her eyes resolutely. "Little fool," she would apostrophize herself, "don't snivel. Of course you're fond of him. You've known him all your life. But there's no need to be sentimental about it." In the meantime, nothing more was seen of Boris. He did not come to the flat, and Julius and the car waited in vain. Tuppence gave herself over to new meditations. Whilst admitting the truth of Julius's objections, she had nevertheless not entirely relinquished the idea of appealing to Sir James Peel Edgerton. Indeed, she had gone so far as to look up his address in the _Red Book_. Had he meant to warn her that day? If so, why? Surely she was at least entitled to demand an explanation. He had looked at her so kindly. Perhaps he might tell them something concerning Mrs. Vandemeyer which might lead to a clue to Tommy's whereabouts. Anyway, Tuppence decided, with her usual shake of the shoulders, it was worth trying, and try it she would. Sunday was her afternoon out. She would meet Julius, persuade him to her point of view, and they would beard the lion in his den. When the day arrived Julius needed a considerable amount of persuading, but Tuppence held firm. "It can do no harm," was what she always came back to. In the end Julius gave in, and they proceeded in the car to Carlton House Terrace. The door was opened by an irreproachable butler. Tuppence felt a little nervous. After all, perhaps it _was_ colossal cheek on her part. She had decided not to ask if Sir James was "at home," but to adopt a more personal attitude. "Will you ask Sir James if I can see him for a few minutes? I have an important message for him." The butler retired, returning a moment or two later. "Sir James will see you. Will you step this way?" He ushered them into a room at the back of the house, furnished as a library. The collection of books was a magnificent one, and Tuppence noticed that all one wall was devoted to works on crime and criminology. There were several deep-padded leather arm-chairs, and an old-fashioned open hearth. In the window was a big roll-top desk strewn with papers at which the master of the house was sitting. He rose as they entered. "You have a message for me? Ah"--he recognized Tuppence with a smile--"it's you, is it? Brought a message from Mrs. Vandemeyer, I suppose?" "Not exactly," said Tuppence. "In fact, I'm afraid I only said that to be quite sure of getting in. Oh, by the way, this is Mr. Hersheimmer, Sir James Peel Edgerton." "Pleased to meet you," said the American, shooting out a hand. "Won't you both sit down?" asked Sir James. He drew forward two chairs. "Sir James," said Tuppence, plunging boldly, "I dare say you will think it is most awful cheek of me coming here like this. Because, of course, it's nothing whatever to do with you, and then you're a very important person, and of course Tommy and I are very unimportant." She paused for breath. "Tommy?" queried Sir James, looking across at the American. "No, that's Julius," explained Tuppence. "I'm rather nervous, and that makes me tell it badly. What I really want to know is what you meant by what you said to me the other day? Did you mean to warn me against Mrs. Vandemeyer? You did, didn't you?" "My dear young lady, as far as I recollect I only mentioned that there were equally good situations to be obtained elsewhere." "Yes, I know. But it was a hint, wasn't it?" "Well, perhaps it was," admitted Sir James gravely. "Well, I want to know more. I want to know just _why_ you gave me a hint." Sir James smiled at her earnestness. "Suppose the lady brings a libel action against me for defamation of character?" "Of course," said Tuppence. "I know lawyers are always dreadfully careful. But can't we say ‘without prejudice' first, and then say just what we want to." "Well," said Sir James, still smiling, "without prejudice, then, if I had a young sister forced to earn her living, I should not like to see her in Mrs. Vandemeyer's service. I felt it incumbent on me just to give you a hint. It is no place for a young and inexperienced girl. That is all I can tell you." "I see," said Tuppence thoughtfully. "Thank you very much. But I'm not _really_ inexperienced, you know. I knew perfectly that she was a bad lot when I went there--as a matter of fact that's _why_ I went----" She broke off, seeing some bewilderment on the lawyer's face, and went on: "I think perhaps I'd better tell you the whole story, Sir James. I've a sort of feeling that you'd know in a minute if I didn't tell the truth, and so you might as well know all about it from the beginning. What do you think, Julius?" "As you're bent on it, I'd go right ahead with the facts," replied the American, who had so far sat in silence. "Yes, tell me all about it," said Sir James. "I want to know who Tommy is." Thus encouraged Tuppence plunged into her tale, and the lawyer listened with close attention. "Very interesting," he said, when she finished. "A great deal of what you tell me, child, is already known to me. I've had certain theories of my own about this Jane Finn. You've done extraordinarily well so far, but it's rather too bad of--what do you know him as?--Mr. Carter to pitchfork you two young things into an affair of this kind. By the way, where did Mr. Hersheimmer come in You didn't make that clear?" Julius answered for himself. "I'm Jane's first cousin," he explained, returning the lawyer's keen gaze. "Ah!" "Oh, Sir James," broke out Tuppence, "what do you think has become of Tommy?" "H'm." The lawyer rose, and paced slowly up and down. "When you arrived, young lady, I was just packing up my traps. Going to Scotland by the night train for a few days' fishing. But there are different kinds of fishing. I've a good mind to stay, and see if we can't get on the track of that young chap." "Oh!" Tuppence clasped her hands ecstatically. "All the same, as I said before, it's too bad of--of Carter to set you two babies on a job like this. Now, don't get offended, Miss--er----" "Cowley. Prudence Cowley. But my friends call me Tuppence." "Well, Miss Tuppence, then, as I'm certainly going to be a friend. Don't be offended because I think you're young. Youth is a failing only too easily outgrown. Now, about this young Tommy of yours----" "Yes." Tuppence clasped her hands. "Frankly, things look bad for him. He's been butting in somewhere where he wasn't wanted. Not a doubt of it. But don't give up hope." "And you really will help us? There, Julius! He didn't want me to come," she added by way of explanation. "H'm," said the lawyer, favouring Julius with another keen glance. "And why was that?" "I reckoned it would be no good worrying you with a petty little business like this." "I see." He paused a moment. "This petty little business, as you call it, bears directly on a very big business, bigger perhaps than either you or Miss Tuppence know. If this boy is alive, he may have very valuable information to give us. Therefore, we must find him." "Yes, but how?" cried Tuppence. "I've tried to think of everything." Sir James smiled. "And yet there's one person quite near at hand who in all probability knows where he is, or at all events where he is likely to be." "Who is that?" asked Tuppence, puzzled. "Mrs. Vandemeyer." "Yes, but she'd never tell us." "Ah, that is where I come in. I think it quite likely that I shall be able to make Mrs. Vandemeyer tell me what I want to know." "How?" demanded Tuppence, opening her eyes very wide. "Oh, just by asking her questions," replied Sir James easily. "That's the way we do it, you know." He tapped with his finger on the table, and Tuppence felt again the intense power that radiated from the man. "And if she won't tell?" asked Julius suddenly. "I think she will. I have one or two powerful levers. Still, in that unlikely event, there is always the possibility of bribery." "Sure. And that's where I come in!" cried Julius, bringing his fist down on the table with a bang. "You can count on me, if necessary, for one million dollars. Yes, sir, one million dollars!" Sir James sat down and subjected Julius to a long scrutiny. "Mr. Hersheimmer," he said at last, "that is a very large sum." "I guess it'll have to be. These aren't the kind of folk to offer sixpence to." "At the present rate of exchange it amounts to considerably over two hundred and fifty thousand pounds." "That's so. Maybe you think I'm talking through my hat, but I can deliver the goods all right, with enough over to spare for your fee." Sir James flushed slightly. "There is no question of a fee, Mr. Hersheimmer. I am not a private detective." "Sorry. I guess I was just a mite hasty, but I've been feeling bad about this money question. I wanted to offer a big reward for news of Jane some days ago, but your crusted institution of Scotland Yard advised me against it. Said it was undesirable." "They were probably right," said Sir James dryly. "But it's all O.K. about Julius," put in Tuppence. "He's not pulling your leg. He's got simply pots of money." "The old man piled it up in style," explained Julius. "Now, let's get down to it. What's your idea?" Sir James considered for a moment or two. "There is no time to be lost. The sooner we strike the better." He turned to Tuppence. "Is Mrs. Vandemeyer dining out to-night, do you know?" "Yes, I think so, but she will not be out late. Otherwise, she would have taken the latchkey." "Good. I will call upon her about ten o'clock. What time are you supposed to return?" "About nine-thirty or ten, but I could go back earlier." "You must not do that on any account. It might arouse suspicion if you did not stay out till the usual time. Be back by nine-thirty. I will arrive at ten. Mr. Hersheimmer will wait below in a taxi perhaps." "He's got a new Rolls-Royce car," said Tuppence with vicarious pride. "Even better. If I succeed in obtaining the address from her, we can go there at once, taking Mrs. Vandemeyer with us if necessary. You understand?" "Yes." Tuppence rose to her feet with a skip of delight. "Oh, I feel so much better!" "Don't build on it too much, Miss Tuppence. Go easy." Julius turned to the lawyer. "Say, then. I'll call for you in the car round about nine-thirty. Is that right?" "Perhaps that will be the best plan. It would be unnecessary to have two cars waiting about. Now, Miss Tuppence, my advice to you is to go and have a good dinner, a _really_ good one, mind. And don't think ahead more than you can help." He shook hands with them both, and a moment later they were outside. "Isn't he a duck?" inquired Tuppence ecstatically, as she skipped down the steps. "Oh, Julius, isn't he just a duck?" "Well, I allow he seems to be the goods all right. And I was wrong about its being useless to go to him. Say, shall we go right away back to the _Ritz?_" "I must walk a bit, I think. I feel so excited. Drop me in the park, will you? Unless you'd like to come too?" "I want to get some petrol," he explained. "And send off a cable or two." "All right. I'll meet you at the _Ritz_ at seven. We'll have to dine upstairs. I can't show myself in these glad rags." "Sure. I'll get Felix help me choose the menu. He's some head waiter, that. So long." Tuppence walked briskly along towards the Serpentine, first glancing at her watch. It was nearly six o'clock. She remembered that she had had no tea, but felt too excited to be conscious of hunger. She walked as far as Kensington Gardens and then slowly retraced her steps, feeling infinitely better for the fresh air and exercise. It was not so easy to follow Sir James's advice, and put the possible events of the evening out of her head. As she drew nearer and nearer to Hyde Park corner, the temptation to return to South Audley Mansions was almost irresistible. At any rate, she decided, it would do no harm just to go and _look_ at the building. Perhaps, then, she could resign herself to waiting patiently for ten o'clock. South Audley Mansions looked exactly the same as usual. What Tuppence had expected she hardly knew, but the sight of its red brick stolidity slightly assuaged the growing and entirely unreasonable uneasiness that possessed her. She was just turning away when she heard a piercing whistle, and the faithful Albert came running from the building to join her. Tuppence frowned. It was no part of the programme to have attention called to her presence in the neighbourhood, but Albert was purple with suppressed excitement. "I say, miss, she's a-going!" "Who's going?" demanded Tuppence sharply. "The crook. Ready Rita. Mrs. Vandemeyer. She's a-packing up, and she's just sent down word for me to get her a taxi." "What?" Tuppence clutched his arm. "It's the truth, miss. I thought maybe as you didn't know about it." "Albert," cried Tuppence, "you're a brick. If it hadn't been for you we'd have lost her." Albert flushed with pleasure at this tribute. "There's no time to lose," said Tuppence, crossing the road. "I've got to stop her. At all costs I must keep her here until----" She broke off. "Albert, there's a telephone here, isn't there?" The boy shook his head. "The flats mostly have their own, miss. But there's a box just round the corner." "Go to it then, at once, and ring up the _Ritz Hotel_. Ask for Mr. Hersheimmer, and when you get him tell him to get Sir James and come on at once, as Mrs. Vandemeyer is trying to hook it. If you can't get him, ring up Sir James Peel Edgerton, you'll find his number in the book, and tell him what's happening. You won't forget the names, will you?" Albert repeated them glibly. "You trust to me, miss, it'll be all right. But what about you? Aren't you afraid to trust yourself with her?" "No, no, that's all right. _But go and telephone_. Be quick." Drawing a long breath, Tuppence entered the Mansions and ran up to the door of No. 20. How she was to detain Mrs. Vandemeyer until the two men arrived, she did not know, but somehow or other it had to be done, and she must accomplish the task single-handed. What had occasioned this precipitate departure? Did Mrs. Vandemeyer suspect her? Speculations were idle. Tuppence pressed the bell firmly. She might learn something from the cook. Nothing happened and, after waiting some minutes, Tuppence pressed the bell again, keeping her finger on the button for some little while. At last she heard footsteps inside, and a moment later Mrs. Vandemeyer herself opened the door. She lifted her eyebrows at the sight of the girl. "You?" "I had a touch of toothache, ma'am," said Tuppence glibly. "So thought it better to come home and have a quiet evening." Mrs. Vandemeyer said nothing, but she drew back and let Tuppence pass into the hall. "How unfortunate for you," she said coldly. "You had better go to bed." "Oh, I shall be all right in the kitchen, ma'am. Cook will----" "Cook is out," said Mrs. Vandemeyer, in a rather disagreeable tone. "I sent her out. So you see you had better go to bed." Suddenly Tuppence felt afraid. There was a ring in Mrs. Vandemeyer's voice that she did not like at all. Also, the other woman was slowly edging her up the passage. Tuppence turned at bay. "I don't want----" Then, in a flash, a rim of cold steel touched her temple, and Mrs. Vandemeyer's voice rose cold and menacing: "You damned little fool! Do you think I don't know? No, don't answer. If you struggle or cry out, I'll shoot you like a dog." The rim of steel pressed a little harder against the girl's temple. "Now then, march," went on Mrs. Vandemeyer. "This way--into my room. In a minute, when I've done with you, you'll go to bed as I told you to. And you'll sleep--oh yes, my little spy, you'll sleep all right!" There was a sort of hideous geniality in the last words which Tuppence did not at all like. For the moment there was nothing to be done, and she walked obediently into Mrs. Vandemeyer's bedroom. The pistol never left her forehead. The room was in a state of wild disorder, clothes were flung about right and left, a suit-case and a hat box, half-packed, stood in the middle of the floor. Tuppence pulled herself together with an effort. Her voice shook a little, but she spoke out bravely. "Come now," she said. "This is nonsense. You can't shoot me. Why, every one in the building would hear the report." "I'd risk that," said Mrs. Vandemeyer cheerfully. "But, as long as you don't sing out for help, you're all right--and I don't think you will. You're a clever girl. You deceived _me_ all right. I hadn't a suspicion of you! So I've no doubt that you understand perfectly well that this is where I'm on top and you're underneath. Now then--sit on the bed. Put your hands above your head, and if you value your life don't move them." Tuppence obeyed passively. Her good sense told her that there was nothing else to do but accept the situation. If she shrieked for help there was very little chance of anyone hearing her, whereas there was probably quite a good chance of Mrs. Vandemeyer's shooting her. In the meantime, every minute of delay gained was valuable. Mrs. Vandemeyer laid down the revolver on the edge of the washstand within reach of her hand, and, still eyeing Tuppence like a lynx in case the girl should attempt to move, she took a little stoppered bottle from its place on the marble and poured some of its contents into a glass which she filled up with water. "What's that?" asked Tuppence sharply. "Something to make you sleep soundly." Tuppence paled a little. "Are you going to poison me?" she asked in a whisper. "Perhaps," said Mrs. Vandemeyer, smiling agreeably. "Then I shan't drink it," said Tuppence firmly. "I'd much rather be shot. At any rate that would make a row, and some one might hear it. But I won't be killed off quietly like a lamb." Mrs. Vandemeyer stamped her foot. "Don't be a little fool! Do you really think I want a hue and cry for murder out after me? If you've any sense at all, you'll realize that poisoning you wouldn't suit my book at all. It's a sleeping draught, that's all. You'll wake up to-morrow morning none the worse. I simply don't want the bother of tying you up and gagging you. That's the alternative--and you won't like it, I can tell you! I can be very rough if I choose. So drink this down like a good girl, and you'll be none the worse for it." In her heart of hearts Tuppence believed her. The arguments she had adduced rang true. It was a simple and effective method of getting her out of the way for the time being. Nevertheless, the girl did not take kindly to the idea of being tamely put to sleep without as much as one bid for freedom. She felt that once Mrs. Vandemeyer gave them the slip, the last hope of finding Tommy would be gone. Tuppence was quick in her mental processes. All these reflections passed through her mind in a flash, and she saw where a chance, a very problematical chance, lay, and she determined to risk all in one supreme effort. Accordingly, she lurched suddenly off the bed and fell on her knees before Mrs. Vandemeyer, clutching her skirts frantically. "I don't believe it," she moaned. "It's poison--I know it's poison. Oh, don't make me drink it"--her voice rose to a shriek--"don't make me drink it!" Mrs. Vandemeyer, glass in hand, looked down with a curling lip at this sudden collapse. "Get up, you little idiot! Don't go on drivelling there. How you ever had the nerve to play your part as you did I can't think." She stamped her foot. "Get up, I say." But Tuppence continued to cling and sob, interjecting her sobs with incoherent appeals for mercy. Every minute gained was to the good. Moreover, as she grovelled, she moved imperceptibly nearer to her objective. Mrs. Vandemeyer gave a sharp impatient exclamation, and jerked the girl to her knees. "Drink it at once!" Imperiously she pressed the glass to the girl's lips. Tuppence gave one last despairing moan. "You swear it won't hurt me?" she temporized. "Of course it won't hurt you. Don't be a fool." "Will you swear it?" "Yes, yes," said the other impatiently. "I swear it." Tuppence raised a trembling left hand to the glass. "Very well." Her mouth opened meekly. Mrs. Vandemeyer gave a sigh of relief, off her guard for the moment. Then, quick as a flash, Tuppence jerked the glass upward as hard as she could. The fluid in it splashed into Mrs. Vandemeyer's face, and during her momentary gasp, Tuppence's right hand shot out and grasped the revolver where it lay on the edge of the washstand. The next moment she had sprung back a pace, and the revolver pointed straight at Mrs. Vandemeyer's heart, with no unsteadiness in the hand that held it. In the moment of victory, Tuppence betrayed a somewhat unsportsmanlike triumph. "Now who's on top and who's underneath?" she crowed. The other's face was convulsed with rage. For a minute Tuppence thought she was going to spring upon her, which would have placed the girl in an unpleasant dilemma, since she meant to draw the line at actually letting off the revolver. However, with an effort Mrs. Vandemeyer controlled herself, and at last a slow evil smile crept over her face. "Not a fool, then, after all! You did that well, girl. But you shall pay for it--oh, yes, you shall pay for it! I have a long memory!" "I'm surprised you should have been gulled so easily," said Tuppence scornfully. "Did you really think I was the kind of girl to roll about on the floor and whine for mercy?" "You may do--some day!" said the other significantly. The cold malignity of her manner sent an unpleasant chill down Tuppence's spine, but she was not going to give in to it. "Supposing we sit down," she said pleasantly. "Our present attitude is a little melodramatic. No--not on the bed. Draw a chair up to the table, that's right. Now I'll sit opposite you with the revolver in front of me--just in case of accidents. Splendid. Now, let's talk." "What about?" said Mrs. Vandemeyer sullenly. Tuppence eyed her thoughtfully for a minute. She was remembering several things. Boris's words, "I believe you would sell-- _us!_" and her answer, "The price would have to be enormous," given lightly, it was true, yet might not there be a substratum of truth in it? Long ago, had not Whittington asked: "Who's been blabbing? Rita?" Would Rita Vandemeyer prove to be the weak spot in the armour of Mr. Brown? Keeping her eyes fixed steadily on the other's face, Tuppence replied quietly: "Money----" Mrs. Vandemeyer started. Clearly, the reply was unexpected. "What do you mean?" "I'll tell you. You said just now that you had a long memory. A long memory isn't half as useful as a long purse! I dare say it relieves your feelings a good deal to plan out all sorts of dreadful things to do to me, but is that _practical?_ Revenge is very unsatisfactory. Every one always says so. But money"--Tuppence warmed to her pet creed--"well, there's nothing unsatisfactory about money, is there?" "Do you think," said Mrs. Vandemeyer scornfully, "that I am the kind of woman to sell my friends?" "Yes," said Tuppence promptly. "If the price was big enough." "A paltry hundred pounds or so!" "No," said Tuppence. "I should suggest--a hundred thousand!" Her economical spirit did not permit her to mention the whole million dollars suggested by Julius. A flush crept over Mrs. Vandemeyer's face. "What did you say?" she asked, her fingers playing nervously with a brooch on her breast. In that moment Tuppence knew that the fish was hooked, and for the first time she felt a horror of her own money-loving spirit. It gave her a dreadful sense of kinship to the woman fronting her. "A hundred thousand pounds," repeated Tuppence. The light died out of Mrs. Vandemeyer's eyes. She leaned back in her chair. "Bah!" she said. "You haven't got it." "No," admitted Tuppence, "I haven't--but I know some one who has." "Who?" "A friend of mine." "Must be a millionaire," remarked Mrs. Vandemeyer unbelievingly. "As a matter of fact he is. He's an American. He'll pay you that without a murmur. You can take it from me that it's a perfectly genuine proposition." Mrs. Vandemeyer sat up again. "I'm inclined to believe you," she said slowly. There was silence between them for some time, then Mrs. Vandemeyer looked up. "What does he want to know, this friend of yours?" Tuppence went through a momentary struggle, but it was Julius's money, and his interests must come first. "He wants to know where Jane Finn is," she said boldly. Mrs. Vandemeyer showed no surprise. "I'm not sure where she is at the present moment," she replied. "But you could find out?" "Oh, yes," returned Mrs. Vandemeyer carelessly. "There would be no difficulty about that." "Then"--Tuppence's voice shook a little--"there's a boy, a friend of mine. I'm afraid something's happened to him, through your pal Boris." "What's his name?" "Tommy Beresford." "Never heard of him. But I'll ask Boris. He'll tell me anything he knows." "Thank you." Tuppence felt a terrific rise in her spirits. It impelled her to "There's one thing more." "Well?" Tuppence leaned forward and lowered her voice. _"Who is Mr. Brown? "_ Her quick eyes saw the sudden paling of the beautiful face. With an effort Mrs. Vandemeyer pulled herself together and tried to resume her former manner. But the attempt was a mere parody. She shrugged her shoulders. "You can't have learnt much about us if you don't know that _nobody knows who Mr. Brown is_...." "You do," said Tuppence quietly. Again the colour deserted the other's face. "What makes you think that?" "I don't know," said the girl truthfully. "But I'm sure." Mrs. Vandemeyer stared in front of her for a long time. "Yes," she said hoarsely, at last, "_I_ know. I was beautiful, you see--very beautiful----" "You are still," said Tuppence with admiration. Mrs. Vandemeyer shook her head. There was a strange gleam in her electric-blue eyes. "Not beautiful enough," she said in a soft dangerous voice. "Not--beautiful--enough! And sometimes, lately, I've been afraid.... It's dangerous to know too much!" She leaned forward across the table. "Swear that my name shan't be brought into it--that no one shall ever know." "I swear it. And, once's he caught, you'll be out of danger." A terrified look swept across Mrs. Vandemeyer's face. "Shall I? Shall I ever be?" She clutched Tuppence's arm. "You're sure about the money?" "Quite sure." "When shall I have it? There must be no delay." "This friend of mine will be here presently. He may have to send cables, or something like that. But there won't be any delay--he's a terrific hustler." A resolute look settled on Mrs. Vandemeyer's face. "I'll do it. It's a great sum of money, and besides"--she gave a curious smile--"it is not--wise to throw over a woman like me!" For a moment or two, she remained smiling, and lightly tapping her fingers on the table. Suddenly she started, and her face blanched. "What was that?" "I heard nothing." Mrs. Vandemeyer gazed round her fearfully. "If there should be some one listening----" "Nonsense. Who could there be?" "Even the walls might have ears," whispered the other. "I tell you I'm frightened. You don't know him!" "Think of the hundred thousand pounds," said Tuppence soothingly. Mrs. Vandemeyer passed her tongue over her dried lips. "You don't know him," she reiterated hoarsely. "He's--ah!" With a shriek of terror she sprang to her feet. Her outstretched hand pointed over Tuppence's head. Then she swayed to the ground in a dead faint. Tuppence looked round to see what had startled her. In the doorway were Sir James Peel Edgerton and Julius Hersheimmer. SIR James brushed past Julius and hurriedly bent over the fallen woman. "Heart," he said sharply. "Seeing us so suddenly must have given her a shock. Brandy--and quickly, or she'll slip through our fingers." Julius hurried to the washstand. "Not there," said Tuppence over her shoulder. "In the tantalus in the dining-room. Second door down the passage." Between them Sir James and Tuppence lifted Mrs. Vandemeyer and carried her to the bed. There they dashed water on her face, but with no result. The lawyer fingered her pulse. "Touch and go," he muttered. "I wish that young fellow would hurry up with the brandy." At that moment Julius re-entered the room, carrying a glass half full of the spirit which he handed to Sir James. While Tuppence lifted her head the lawyer tried to force a little of the spirit between her closed lips. Finally the woman opened her eyes feebly. Tuppence held the glass to her lips. "Drink this." Mrs. Vandemeyer complied. The brandy brought the colour back to her white cheeks, and revived her in a marvellous fashion. She tried to sit up--then fell back with a groan, her hand to her side. "It's my heart," she whispered. "I mustn't talk." She lay back with closed eyes. Sir James kept his finger on her wrist a minute longer, then withdrew it with a nod. "She'll do now." All three moved away, and stood together talking in low voices. One and all were conscious of a certain feeling of anticlimax. Clearly any scheme for cross-questioning the lady was out of the question for the moment. For the time being they were baffled, and could do nothing. Tuppence related how Mrs. Vandemeyer had declared herself willing to disclose the identity of Mr. Brown, and how she had consented to discover and reveal to them the whereabouts of Jane Finn. Julius was congratulatory. "That's all right, Miss Tuppence. Splendid! I guess that hundred thousand pounds will look just as good in the morning to the lady as it did over night. There's nothing to worry over. She won't speak without the cash anyway, you bet!" There was certainly a good deal of common sense in this, and Tuppence felt a little comforted. "What you say is true," said Sir James meditatively. "I must confess, however, that I cannot help wishing we had not interrupted at the minute we did. Still, it cannot be helped, it is only a matter of waiting until the morning." He looked across at the inert figure on the bed. Mrs. Vandemeyer lay perfectly passive with closed eyes. He shook his head. "Well," said Tuppence, with an attempt at cheerfulness, "we must wait until the morning, that's all. But I don't think we ought to leave the flat." "What about leaving that bright boy of yours on guard?" "Albert? And suppose she came round again and hooked it. Albert couldn't stop her." "I guess she won't want to make tracks away from the dollars." "She might. She seemed very frightened of ‘Mr. Brown.'" "What? Real plumb scared of him?" "Yes. She looked round and said even walls had ears." "Maybe she meant a dictaphone," said Julius with interest. "Miss Tuppence is right," said Sir James quietly. "We must not leave the flat--if only for Mrs. Vandemeyer's sake." Julius stared at him. "You think he'd get after her? Between now and to-morrow morning. How could he know, even?" "You forget your own suggestion of a dictaphone," said Sir James dryly. "We have a very formidable adversary. I believe, if we exercise all due care, that there is a very good chance of his being delivered into our hands. But we must neglect no precaution. We have an important witness, but she must be safeguarded. I would suggest that Miss Tuppence should go to bed, and that you and I, Mr. Hersheimmer, should share the vigil." Tuppence was about to protest, but happening to glance at the bed she saw Mrs. Vandemeyer, her eyes half-open, with such an expression of mingled fear and malevolence on her face that it quite froze the words on her lips. For a moment she wondered whether the faint and the heart attack had been a gigantic sham, but remembering the deadly pallor she could hardly credit the supposition. As she looked the expression disappeared as by magic, and Mrs. Vandemeyer lay inert and motionless as before. For a moment the girl fancied she must have dreamt it. But she determined nevertheless to be on the alert. "Well," said Julius, "I guess we'd better make a move out of here any way." The others fell in with his suggestion. Sir James again felt Mrs. Vandemeyer's pulse. "Perfectly satisfactory," he said in a low voice to Tuppence. "She'll be absolutely all right after a night's rest." The girl hesitated a moment by the bed. The intensity of the expression she had surprised had impressed her powerfully. Mrs. Vandemeyer lifted her lids. She seemed to be struggling to speak. Tuppence bent over her. "Don't--leave----" she seemed unable to proceed, murmuring something that sounded like "sleepy." Then she tried again. Tuppence bent lower still. It was only a breath. "Mr.--Brown----" The voice stopped. But the half-closed eyes seemed still to send an agonized message. Moved by a sudden impulse, the girl said quickly: "I shan't leave the flat. I shall sit up all night." A flash of relief showed before the lids descended once more. Apparently Mrs. Vandemeyer slept. But her words had awakened a new uneasiness in Tuppence. What had she meant by that low murmur: "Mr. Brown?" Tuppence caught herself nervously looking over her shoulder. The big wardrobe loomed up in a sinister fashion before her eyes. Plenty of room for a man to hide in that.... Half-ashamed of herself, Tuppence pulled it open and looked inside. No one--of course! She stooped down and looked under the bed. There was no other possible hiding-place. Tuppence gave her familiar shake of the shoulders. It was absurd, this giving way to nerves! Slowly she went out of the room. Julius and Sir James were talking in a low voice. Sir James turned to her. "Lock the door on the outside, please, Miss Tuppence, and take out the key. There must be no chance of anyone entering that room." The gravity of his manner impressed them, and Tuppence felt less ashamed of her attack of "nerves." "Say," remarked Julius suddenly, "there's Tuppence's bright boy. I guess I'd better go down and ease his young mind. That's some lad, Tuppence." "How did you get in, by the way?" asked Tuppence suddenly. "I forgot to ask." "Well, Albert got me on the phone all right. I ran round for Sir James here, and we came right on. The boy was on the look out for us, and was just a mite worried about what might have happened to you. He'd been listening outside the door of the flat, but couldn't hear anything. Anyhow he suggested sending us up in the coal lift instead of ringing the bell. And sure enough we landed in the scullery and came right along to find you. Albert's still below, and must be just hopping mad by this time." With which Julius departed abruptly. "Now then, Miss Tuppence," said Sir James, "you know this place better than I do. Where do you suggest we should take up our quarters?" Tuppence considered for a moment or two. "I think Mrs. Vandemeyer's boudoir would be the most comfortable," she said at last, and led the way there. Sir James looked round approvingly. "This will do very well, and now, my dear young lady, do go to bed and get some sleep." Tuppence shook her head resolutely. "I couldn't, thank you, Sir James. I should dream of Mr. Brown all night!" "But you'll be so tired, child." "No, I shan't. I'd rather stay up--really." The lawyer gave in. Julius reappeared some minutes later, having reassured Albert and rewarded him lavishly for his services. Having in his turn failed to persuade Tuppence to go to bed, he said decisively: "At any rate, you've got to have something to eat right away. Where's the larder?" Tuppence directed him, and he returned in a few minutes with a cold pie and three plates. After a hearty meal, the girl felt inclined to pooh-pooh her fancies of half an hour before. The power of the money bribe could not fail. "And now, Miss Tuppence," said Sir James, "we want to hear your adventures." "That's so," agreed Julius. Tuppence narrated her adventures with some complacence. Julius occasionally interjected an admiring "Bully." Sir James said nothing until she had finished, when his quiet "well done, Miss Tuppence," made her flush with pleasure. "There's one thing I don't get clearly," said Julius. "What put her up to clearing out?" "I don't know," confessed Tuppence. Sir James stroked his chin thoughtfully. "The room was in great disorder. That looks as though her flight was unpremeditated. Almost as though she got a sudden warning to go from some one." "Mr. Brown, I suppose," said Julius scoffingly. The lawyer looked at him deliberately for a minute or two. "Why not?" he said. "Remember, you yourself have once been worsted by him." Julius flushed with vexation. "I feel just mad when I think of how I handed out Jane's photograph to him like a lamb. Gee, if I ever lay hands on it again, I'll freeze on to it like--like hell!" "That contingency is likely to be a remote one," said the other dryly. "I guess you're right," said Julius frankly. "And, in any case, it's the original I'm out after. Where do you think she can be, Sir James?" The lawyer shook his head. "Impossible to say. But I've a very good idea where she _has_ been." "You have? Where?" Sir James smiled. "At the scene of your nocturnal adventures, the Bournemouth nursing home." "There? Impossible. I asked." "No, my dear sir, you asked if anyone of the name of Jane Finn had been there. Now, if the girl had been placed there it would almost certainly be under an assumed name." "Bully for you," cried Julius. "I never thought of that!" "It was fairly obvious," said the other. "Perhaps the doctor's in it too," suggested Tuppence. Julius shook his head. "I don't think so. I took to him at once. No, I'm pretty sure Dr. Hall's all right." "Hall, did you say?" asked Sir James. "That is curious--really very curious." "Why?" demanded Tuppence. "Because I happened to meet him this morning. I've known him slightly on and off for some years, and this morning I ran across him in the street. Staying at the _Métropole_, he told me." He turned to Julius. "Didn't he tell you he was coming up to town?" Julius shook his head. "Curious," mused Sir James. "You did not mention his name this afternoon, or I would have suggested your going to him for further information with my card as introduction." "I guess I'm a mutt," said Julius with unusual humility. "I ought to have thought of the false name stunt." "How could you think of anything after falling out of that tree?" cried Tuppence. "I'm sure anyone else would have been killed right off." "Well, I guess it doesn't matter now, anyway," said Julius. "We've got Mrs. Vandemeyer on a string, and that's all we need." "Yes," said Tuppence, but there was a lack of assurance in her voice. A silence settled down over the party. Little by little the magic of the night began to gain a hold on them. There were sudden creaks of the furniture, imperceptible rustlings in the curtains. Suddenly Tuppence sprang up with a cry. "I can't help it. I know Mr. Brown's somewhere in the flat! I can _feel_ him." "Sure, Tuppence, how could he be? This door's open into the hall. No one could have come in by the front door without our seeing and hearing him." "I can't help it. I _feel_ he's here!" She looked appealingly at Sir James, who replied gravely: "With due deference to your feelings, Miss Tuppence (and mine as well for that matter), I do not see how it is humanly possible for anyone to be in the flat without our knowledge." The girl was a little comforted by his words. "Sitting up at night is always rather jumpy," she confessed. "Yes," said Sir James. "We are in the condition of people holding a séance. Perhaps if a medium were present we might get some marvellous results." "Do you believe in spiritualism?" asked Tuppence, opening her eyes wide. The lawyer shrugged his shoulders. "There is some truth in it, without a doubt. But most of the testimony would not pass muster in the witness-box." The hours drew on. With the first faint glimmerings of dawn, Sir James drew aside the curtains. They beheld, what few Londoners see, the slow rising of the sun over the sleeping city. Somehow, with the coming of the light, the dreads and fancies of the past night seemed absurd. Tuppence's spirits revived to the normal. "Hooray!" she said. "It's going to be a gorgeous day. And we shall find Tommy. And Jane Finn. And everything will be lovely. I shall ask Mr. Carter if I can't be made a Dame!" At seven o'clock Tuppence volunteered to go and make some tea. She returned with a tray, containing the teapot and four cups. "Who's the other cup for?" inquired Julius. "The prisoner, of course. I suppose we might call her that?" "Taking her tea seems a kind of anticlimax to last night," said Julius thoughtfully. "Yes, it does," admitted Tuppence. "But, anyway, here goes. Perhaps you'd both come, too, in case she springs on me, or anything. You see, we don't know what mood she'll wake up in." Sir James and Julius accompanied her to the door. "Where's the key? Oh, of course, I've got it myself." She put it in the lock, and turned it, then paused. "Supposing, after all, she's escaped?" she murmured in a whisper. "Plumb impossible," replied Julius reassuringly. But Sir James said nothing. Tuppence drew a long breath and entered. She heaved a sigh of relief as she saw that Mrs. Vandemeyer was lying on the bed. "Good morning," she remarked cheerfully. "I've brought you some tea." Mrs. Vandemeyer did not reply. Tuppence put down the cup on the table by the bed and went across to draw up the blinds. When she turned, Mrs. Vandemeyer still lay without a movement. With a sudden fear clutching at her heart, Tuppence ran to the bed. The hand she lifted was cold as ice.... Mrs. Vandemeyer would never speak now.... Her cry brought the others. A very few minutes sufficed. Mrs. Vandemeyer was dead--must have been dead some hours. She had evidently died in her sleep. "If that isn't the cruellest luck," cried Julius in despair. The lawyer was calmer, but there was a curious gleam in his eyes. "If it is luck," he replied. "You don't think--but, say, that's plumb impossible--no one could have got in." "No," admitted the lawyer. "I don't see how they could. And yet--she is on the point of betraying Mr. Brown, and--she dies. Is it only chance?" "But how----" "Yes, _how!_ That is what we must find out." He stood there silently, gently stroking his chin. "We must find out," he said quietly, and Tuppence felt that if she was Mr. Brown she would not like the tone of those simple words. Julius's glance went to the window. "The window's open," he remarked. "Do you think----" Tuppence shook her head. "The balcony only goes along as far as the boudoir. We were there." "He might have slipped out----" suggested Julius. But Sir James interrupted him. "Mr. Brown's methods are not so crude. In the meantime we must send for a doctor, but before we do so, is there anything in this room that might be of value to us?" Hastily, the three searched. A charred mass in the grate indicated that Mrs. Vandemeyer had been burning papers on the eve of her flight. Nothing of importance remained, though they searched the other rooms as well. "There's that," said Tuppence suddenly, pointing to a small, old-fashioned safe let into the wall. "It's for jewellery, I believe, but there might be something else in it." The key was in the lock, and Julius swung open the door, and searched inside. He was some time over the task. "Well," said Tuppence impatiently. There was a pause before Julius answered, then he withdrew his head and shut to the door. "Nothing," he said. In five minutes a brisk young doctor arrived, hastily summoned. He was deferential to Sir James, whom he recognized. "Heart failure, or possibly an overdose of some sleeping-draught." He sniffed. "Rather an odour of chloral in the air." Tuppence remembered the glass she had upset. A new thought drove her to the washstand. She found the little bottle from which Mrs. Vandemeyer had poured a few drops. It had been three parts full. Now-- _it was empty_. NOTHING was more surprising and bewildering to Tuppence than the ease and simplicity with which everything was arranged, owing to Sir James's skilful handling. The doctor accepted quite readily the theory that Mrs. Vandemeyer had accidentally taken an overdose of chloral. He doubted whether an inquest would be necessary. If so, he would let Sir James know. He understood that Mrs. Vandemeyer was on the eve of departure for abroad, and that the servants had already left? Sir James and his young friends had been paying a call upon her, when she was suddenly stricken down and they had spent the night in the flat, not liking to leave her alone. Did they know of any relatives? They did not, but Sir James referred him to Mrs. Vandemeyer's solicitor. Shortly afterwards a nurse arrived to take charge, and the other left the ill-omened building. "And what now?" asked Julius, with a gesture of despair. "I guess we're down and out for good." Sir James stroked his chin thoughtfully. "No," he said quietly. "There is still the chance that Dr. Hall may be able to tell us something." "Gee! I'd forgotten him." "The chance is slight, but it must not be neglected. I think I told you that he "That's that," she observed sternly. "Let's look facts in the face. I seem to have fallen in love--with an idiot of a boy who probably doesn't care two straws about me." Here she paused. "Anyway," she resumed, as though arguing with an unseen opponent, "I don't _know_ that he does. He'd never have dared to say so. I've always jumped on sentiment--and here I am being more sentimental than anybody. What idiots girls are! I've always thought so. I suppose I shall sleep with his photograph under my pillow, and dream about him all night. It's dreadful to feel you've been false to your principles." Tuppence shook her head sadly, as she reviewed her backsliding. "I don't know what to say to Julius, I'm sure. Oh, what a fool I feel! I'll have to say _something_--he's so American and thorough, he'll insist upon having a reason. I wonder if he did find anything in that safe----" Tuppence's meditations went off on another tack. She reviewed the events of last night carefully and persistently. Somehow, they seemed bound up with Sir James's enigmatical words.... Suddenly she gave a great start--the colour faded out of her face. Her eyes, fascinated, gazed in front of her, the pupils dilated. "Impossible," she murmured. "Impossible! I must be going mad even to think of such a thing...." Monstrous--yet it explained everything.... After a moment's reflection she sat down and wrote a note, weighing each word as she did so. Finally she nodded her head as though satisfied, and slipped it into an envelope which she addressed to Julius. She went down the passage to his sitting-room and knocked at the door. As she had expected, the room was empty. She left the note on the table. A small page-boy was waiting outside her own door when she returned to it. "Telegram for you, miss." Tuppence took it from the salver, and tore it open carelessly. Then she gave a cry. The telegram was from Tommy! FROM a darkness punctuated with throbbing stabs of fire, Tommy dragged his senses slowly back to life. When he at last opened his eyes, he was conscious of nothing but an excruciating pain through his temples. He was vaguely aware of unfamiliar surroundings. Where was he? What had happened? He blinked feebly. This was not his bedroom at the _Ritz_. And what the devil was the matter with his head? "Damn!" said Tommy, and tried to sit up. He had remembered. He was in that sinister house in Soho. He uttered a groan and fell back. Through his almost-closed lids he reconnoitred carefully. "He is coming to," remarked a voice very near Tommy's ear. He recognized it at once for that of the bearded and efficient German, and lay artistically inert. He felt that it would be a pity to come round too soon; and until the pain in his head became a little less acute, he felt quite incapable of collecting his wits. Painfully he tried to puzzle out what had happened. Obviously somebody must have crept up behind him as he listened and struck him down with a blow on the head. They knew him now for a spy, and would in all probability give him short shrift. Undoubtedly he was in a tight place. Nobody knew where he was, therefore he need expect no outside assistance, and must depend solely on his own wits. "Well, here goes," murmured Tommy to himself, and repeated his former remark. "Damn!" he observed, and this time succeeded in sitting up. In a minute the German stepped forward and placed a glass to his lips, with the brief command "Drink." Tommy obeyed. The potency of the draught made him choke, but it cleared his brain in a marvellous manner. He was lying on a couch in the room in which the meeting had been held. On one side of him was the German, on the other the villainous-faced doorkeeper who had let him in. The others were grouped together at a little distance away. But Tommy missed one face. The man known as Number One was no longer of the company. "Feel better?" asked the German, as he removed the empty glass. "Yes, thanks," returned Tommy cheerfully. "Ah, my young friend, it is lucky for you your skull is so thick. The good Conrad struck hard." He indicated the evil-faced doorkeeper by a nod. The man grinned. Tommy twisted his head round with an effort. "Oh," he said, "so you're Conrad, are you? It strikes me the thickness of my skull was lucky for you too. When I look at you I feel it's almost a pity I've enabled you to cheat the hangman." The man snarled, and the bearded man said quietly: "He would have run no risk of that." "Just as you like," replied Tommy. "I know it's the fashion to run down the police. I rather believe in them myself." His manner was nonchalant to the last degree. Tommy Beresford was one of those young Englishmen not distinguished by any special intellectual ability, but who are emphatically at their best in what is known as a "tight place." Their natural diffidence and caution fall from them like a glove. Tommy realized perfectly that in his own wits lay the only chance of escape, and behind his casual manner he was racking his brains furiously. The cold accents of the German took up the conversation: "Have you anything to say before you are put to death as a spy?" "Simply lots of things," replied Tommy with the same urbanity as before. "Do you deny that you were listening at that door?" "I do not. I must really apologize--but your conversation was so interesting that it overcame my scruples." "How did you get in?" "Dear old Conrad here." Tommy smiled deprecatingly at him. "I hesitate to suggest pensioning off a faithful servant, but you really ought to have a better watchdog." Conrad snarled impotently, and said sullenly, as the man with the beard swung round upon him: "He gave the word. How was I to know?" "Yes," Tommy chimed in. "How was he to know? Don't blame the poor fellow. His hasty action has given me the pleasure of seeing you all face to face." He fancied that his words caused some discomposure among the group, but the watchful German stilled it with a wave of his hand. "Dead men tell no tales," he said evenly. "Ah," said Tommy, "but I'm not dead yet!" "You soon will be, my young friend," said the German. An assenting murmur came from the others. Tommy's heart beat faster, but his casual pleasantness did not waver. "I think not," he said firmly. "I should have a great objection to dying." He had got them puzzled, he saw that by the look on his captor's face. "Can you give us any reason why we should not put you to death?" asked the German. "Several," replied Tommy. "Look here, you've been asking me a lot of questions. Let me ask you one for a change. Why didn't you kill me off at once before I regained consciousness?" The German hesitated, and Tommy seized his advantage. "Because you didn't know how much I knew--and where I obtained that knowledge. If you kill me now, you never will know." But here the emotions of Boris became too much for him. He stepped forward waving his arms. "You hell-hound of a spy," he screamed. "We will give you short shrift. Kill him! Kill him!" There was a roar of applause. "You hear?" said the German, his eyes on Tommy. "What have you to say to that?" "Say?" Tommy shrugged his shoulders. "Pack of fools. Let them ask themselves a few questions. How did I get into this place? Remember what dear old Conrad said-- _with your own password_, wasn't it? How did I get hold of that? You don't suppose I came up those steps haphazard and said the first thing that came into my head?" Tommy was pleased with the concluding words of this speech. His only regret was that Tuppence was not present to appreciate its full flavour. "That is true," said the working man suddenly. "Comrades, we have been betrayed!" An ugly murmur arose. Tommy smiled at them encouragingly. "That's better. How can you hope to make a success of any job if you don't use your brains?" "You will tell us who has betrayed us," said the German. "But that shall not save you--oh, no! You shall tell us all that you know. Boris, here, knows pretty ways of making people speak!" "Bah!" said Tommy scornfully, fighting down a singularly unpleasant feeling in the pit of his stomach. "You will neither torture me nor kill me." "And why not?" asked Boris. "Because you'd kill the goose that lays the golden eggs," replied Tommy quietly. There was a momentary pause. It seemed as though Tommy's persistent assurance was at last conquering. They were no longer completely sure of themselves. The man in the shabby clothes stared at Tommy searchingly. "He's bluffing you, Boris," he said quietly. Tommy hated him. Had the man seen through him? The German, with an effort, turned roughly to Tommy. "What do you mean?" "What do you think I mean?" parried Tommy, searching desperately in his own mind. Suddenly Boris stepped forward, and shook his fist in Tommy's face. "Speak, you swine of an Englishman--speak!" "Don't get so excited, my good fellow," said Tommy calmly. "That's the worst of you foreigners. You can't keep calm. Now, I ask you, do I look as though I thought there were the least chance of your killing me?" He looked confidently round, and was glad they could not hear the persistent beating of his heart which gave the lie to his words. "No," admitted Boris at last sullenly, "you do not." "Thank God, he's not a mind reader," thought Tommy. Aloud he pursued his advantage: "And why am I so confident? Because I know something that puts me in a position to propose a bargain." "A bargain?" The bearded man took him up sharply. "Yes--a bargain. My life and liberty against----" He paused. "Against what?" The group pressed forward. You could have heard a pin drop. Slowly Tommy spoke. "The papers that Danvers brought over from America in the _Lusitania_." The effect of his words was electrical. Every one was on his feet. The German waved them back. He leaned over Tommy, his face purple with excitement. "_Himmel!_ You have got them, then?" With magnificent calm Tommy shook his head. "You know where they are?" persisted the German. Again Tommy shook his head. "Not in the least." "Then--then----" angry and baffled, the words failed him. Tommy looked round. He saw anger and bewilderment on every face, but his calm assurance had done its work--no one doubted but that something lay behind his words. "I don't know where the papers are--but I believe that I can find them. I have a theory----" "Pah!" Tommy raised his hand, and silenced the clamours of disgust. "I call it a theory--but I'm pretty sure of my facts--facts that are known to no one but myself. In any case what do you lose? If I can produce the papers--you give me my life and liberty in exchange. Is it a bargain?" "And if we refuse?" said the German quietly. Tommy lay back on the couch. "The 29th," he said thoughtfully, "is less than a fortnight ahead----" For a moment the German hesitated. Then he made a sign to Conrad. "Take him into the other room." For five minutes, Tommy sat on the bed in the dingy room next door. His heart was beating violently. He had risked all on this throw. How would they decide? And all the while that this agonized questioning went on within him, he talked flippantly to Conrad, enraging the cross-grained doorkeeper to the point of homicidal mania. At last the door opened, and the German called imperiously to Conrad to return. "Let's hope the judge hasn't put his black cap on," remarked Tommy frivolously. "That's right, Conrad, march me in. The prisoner is at the bar, gentlemen." The German was seated once more behind the table. He motioned to Tommy to sit down opposite to him. "We accept," he said harshly, "on terms. The papers must be delivered to us before you go free." "Idiot!" said Tommy amiably. "How do you think I can look for them if you keep me tied by the leg here?" "What do you expect, then?" "I must have liberty to go about the business in my own way." The German laughed. "Do you think we are little children to let you walk out of here leaving us a pretty story full of promises?" "No," said Tommy thoughtfully. "Though infinitely simpler for me, I did not really think you would agree to that plan. Very well, we must arrange a compromise. How would it be if you attached little Conrad here to my person. He's a faithful fellow, and very ready with the fist." "We prefer," said the German coldly, "that you should remain here. One of our number will carry out your instructions minutely. If the operations are complicated, he will return to you with a report and you can instruct him further." "You're tying my hands," complained Tommy. "It's a very delicate affair, and the other fellow will muff it up as likely as not, and then where shall I be? I don't believe one of you has got an ounce of tact." The German rapped the table. "Those are our terms. Otherwise, death!" Tommy leaned back wearily. "I like your style. Curt, but attractive. So be it, then. But one thing is essential, I must see the girl." "What girl?" "Jane Finn, of course." The other looked at him curiously for some minutes, then he said slowly, and as though choosing his words with care: "Do you not know that she can tell you nothing?" Tommy's heart beat a little faster. Would he succeed in coming face to face with the girl he was seeking? "I shall not ask her to tell me anything," he said quietly. "Not in so many words, that is." "Then why see her?" Tommy paused. "To watch her face when I ask her one question," he replied at last. Again there was a look in the German's eyes that Tommy did not quite understand. "She will not be able to answer your question." "That does not matter. I shall have seen her face when I ask it." "And you think that will tell you anything?" He gave a short disagreeable laugh. More than ever, Tommy felt that there was a factor somewhere that he did not understand. The German looked at him searchingly. "I wonder whether, after all, you know as much as we think?" he said softly. Tommy felt his ascendancy less sure than a moment before. His hold had slipped a little. But he was puzzled. What had he said wrong? He spoke out on the impulse of the moment. "There may be things that you know which I do not. I have not pretended to be aware of all the details of your show. But equally I've got something up my sleeve that _you_ don't know about. And that's where I mean to score. Danvers was a damned clever fellow----" He broke off as if he had said too much. But the German's face had lightened a little. "Danvers," he murmured. "I see----" He paused a minute, then waved to Conrad. "Take him away. Upstairs--you know." "Wait a minute," said Tommy. "What about the girl?" "That may perhaps be arranged." "It must be." "We will see about it. Only one person can decide that." "Who?" asked Tommy. But he knew the answer. "Mr. Brown----" "Shall I see him?" "Perhaps." "Come," said Conrad harshly. Tommy rose obediently. Outside the door his gaoler motioned to him to mount the stairs. He himself followed close behind. On the floor above Conrad opened a door and Tommy passed into a small room. Conrad lit a hissing gas burner and went out. Tommy heard the sound of the key being turned in the lock. He set to work to examine his prison. It was a smaller room than the one downstairs, and there was something peculiarly airless about the atmosphere of it. Then he realized that there was no window. He walked round it. The walls were filthily dirty, as everywhere else. Four pictures hung crookedly on the wall representing scenes from Faust. Marguerite with her box of jewels, the church scene, Siebel and his flowers, and Faust and Mephistopheles. The latter brought Tommy's mind back to Mr. Brown again. In this sealed and closed chamber, with its close-fitting heavy door, he felt cut off from the world, and the sinister power of the arch-criminal seemed more real. Shout as he would, no one could ever hear him. The place was a living tomb.... With an effort Tommy pulled himself together. He sank on to the bed and gave himself up to reflection. His head ached badly; also, he was hungry. The silence of the place was dispiriting. "Anyway," said Tommy, trying to cheer himself, "I shall see the chief--the mysterious Mr. Brown and with a bit of luck in bluffing I shall see the mysterious Jane Finn also. After that----" After that Tommy was forced to admit the prospect looked dreary. THE troubles of the future, however, soon faded before the troubles of the present. And of these, the most immediate and pressing was that of hunger. Tommy had a healthy and vigorous appetite. The steak and chips partaken of for lunch seemed now to belong to another decade. He regretfully recognized the fact that he would not make a success of a hunger strike. He prowled aimlessly about his prison. Once or twice he discarded dignity, and pounded on the door. But nobody answered the summons. "Hang it all!" said Tommy indignantly. "They can't mean to starve me to death." A new-born fear passed through his mind that this might, perhaps, be one of those "pretty ways" of making a prisoner speak, which had been attributed to Boris. But on reflection he dismissed the idea. "It's that sour-faced brute Conrad," he decided. "That's a fellow I shall enjoy getting even with one of these days. This is just a bit of spite on his part. I'm certain of it." Further meditations induced in him the feeling that it would be extremely pleasant to bring something down with a whack on Conrad's egg-shaped head. Tommy stroked his own head tenderly, and gave himself up to the pleasures of imagination. Finally a bright idea flashed across his brain. Why not convert imagination into reality? Conrad was undoubtedly the tenant of the house. The others, with the possible exception of the bearded German, merely used it as a rendezvous. Therefore, why not wait in ambush for Conrad behind the door, and when he entered bring down a chair, or one of the decrepit pictures, smartly on to his head. One would, of course, be careful not to hit too hard. And then--and then, simply walk out! If he met anyone on the way down, well---- Tommy brightened at the thought of an encounter with his fists. Such an affair was infinitely more in his line than the verbal encounter of this afternoon. Intoxicated by his plan, Tommy gently unhooked the picture of the Devil and Faust, and settled himself in position. His hopes were high. The plan seemed to him simple but excellent. Time went on, but Conrad did not appear. Night and day were the same in this prison room, but Tommy's wrist-watch, which enjoyed a certain degree of accuracy, informed him that it was nine o'clock in the evening. Tommy reflected gloomily that if supper did not arrive soon it would be a question of waiting for breakfast. At ten o'clock hope deserted him, and he flung himself on the bed to seek consolation in sleep. In five minutes his woes were forgotten. The sound of the key turning in the lock awoke him from his slumbers. Not belonging to the type of hero who is famous for awaking in full possession of his faculties, Tommy merely blinked at the ceiling and wondered vaguely where he was. Then he remembered, and looked at his watch. It was eight o'clock. "It's either early morning tea or breakfast," deduced the young man, "and pray God it's the latter!" The door swung open. Too late, Tommy remembered his scheme of obliterating the unprepossessing Conrad. A moment later he was glad that he had, for it was not Conrad who entered, but a girl. She carried a tray which she set down on the table. In the feeble light of the gas burner Tommy blinked at her. He decided at once that she was one of the most Her hair was a full rich brown, with sudden glints of gold in it as though there were imprisoned sunbeams struggling in its depths. There was a wild-rose quality about her face. Her eyes, set wide apart, were hazel, a golden hazel that again recalled a memory of sunbeams. A delirious thought shot through Tommy's mind. "Are you Jane Finn?" he asked breathlessly. The girl shook her head wonderingly. "My name is Annette, monsieur." She spoke in a soft, broken English. "Oh!" said Tommy, rather taken aback. _"Française? "_ he hazarded. "Oui, monsieur. Monsieur parle français?" "Not for any length of time," said Tommy. "What's that? Breakfast?" The girl nodded. Tommy dropped off the bed and came and inspected the contents of the tray. It consisted of a loaf, some margarine, and a jug of coffee. "The living is not equal to the _Ritz_," he observed with a sigh. "But for what we are at last about to receive the Lord has made me truly thankful. Amen." He drew up a chair, and the girl turned away to the door. "Wait a sec," cried Tommy. "There are lots of things I want to ask you, Annette. What are you doing in this house? Don't tell me you're Conrad's niece, or daughter, or anything, because I can't believe it." "I do the _service_, monsieur. I am not related to anybody." "I see," said Tommy. "You know what I asked you just now. Have you ever heard that name?" "I have heard people speak of Jane Finn, I think." "You don't know where she is?" Annette shook her head. "She's not in this house, for instance?" "Oh no, monsieur. I must go now--they will be waiting for me." She hurried out. The key turned in the lock. "I wonder who ‘they' are," mused Tommy, as he continued to make inroads on the loaf. "With a bit of luck, that girl might help me to get out of here. She doesn't look like one of the gang." At one o'clock Annette reappeared with another tray, but this time Conrad accompanied her. "Good morning," said Tommy amiably. "You have _not_ used Pear's soap, I see." Conrad growled threateningly. "No light repartee, have you, old bean? There, there, we can't always have brains as well as beauty. What have we for lunch? Stew? How did I know? Elementary, my dear Watson--the smell of onions is unmistakable." "Talk away," grunted the man. "It's little enough time you'll have to talk in, maybe." The remark was unpleasant in its suggestion, but Tommy ignored it. He sat down at the table. "Retire, varlet," he said, with a wave of his hand. "Prate not to thy betters." That evening Tommy sat on the bed, and cogitated deeply. Would Conrad again accompany the girl? If he did not, should he risk trying to make an ally of her? He decided that he must leave no stone unturned. His position was desperate. At eight o'clock the familiar sound of the key turning made him spring to his feet. The girl was alone. "Shut the door," he commanded. "I want to speak to you." She obeyed. "Look here, Annette, I want you to help me get out of this." She shook her head. "Impossible. There are three of them on the floor below." "Oh!" Tommy was secretly grateful for the information. "But you would help me if you could?" "No, monsieur." "Why not?" The girl hesitated. "I think--they are my own people. You have spied upon them. They are quite right to keep you here." "They're a bad lot, Annette. If you'll help me, I'll take you away from the lot of them. And you'd probably get a good whack of money." But the girl merely shook her head. "I dare not, monsieur; I am afraid of them." She turned away. "Wouldn't you do anything to help another girl?" cried Tommy. "She's about your age too. Won't you save her from their clutches?" "You mean Jane Finn?" "Yes." "It is her you came here to look for? Yes?" "That's it." The girl looked at him, then passed her hand across her forehead. "Jane Finn. Always I hear that name. It is familiar." Tommy came forward eagerly. "You must know _something_ about her?" But the girl turned away abruptly. "I know nothing--only the name." She walked towards the door. Suddenly she uttered a cry. Tommy stared. She had caught sight of the picture he had laid against the wall the night before. For a moment he caught a look of terror in her eyes. As inexplicably it changed to relief. Then abruptly she went out of the room. Tommy could make nothing of it. Did she fancy that he had meant to attack her with it? Surely not. He rehung the picture on the wall thoughtfully. Three more days went by in dreary inaction. Tommy felt the strain telling on his nerves. He saw no one but Conrad and Annette, and the girl had become dumb. She spoke only in monosyllables. A kind of dark suspicion smouldered in her eyes. Tommy felt that if this solitary confinement went on much longer he would go mad. He gathered from Conrad that they were waiting for orders from "Mr. Brown." Perhaps, thought Tommy, he was abroad or away, and they were obliged to wait for his return. But the evening of the third day brought a rude awakening. It was barely seven o'clock when he heard the tramp of footsteps outside in the passage. In another minute the door was flung open. Conrad entered. With him was the evil-looking Number 14. Tommy's heart sank at the sight of them. "Evenin', gov'nor," said the man with a leer. "Got those ropes, mate?" The silent Conrad produced a length of fine cord. The next minute Number 14's hands, horribly dexterous, were winding the cord round his limbs, while Conrad held him down. "What the devil----?" began Tommy. But the slow, speechless grin of the silent Conrad froze the words on his lips. Number 14 proceeded deftly with his task. In another minute Tommy was a mere helpless bundle. Then at last Conrad spoke: "Thought you'd bluffed us, did you? With what you knew, and what you didn't know. Bargained with us! And all the time it was bluff! Bluff! You know less than a kitten. But your number's up now all right, you b---- swine." Tommy lay silent. There was nothing to say. He had failed. Somehow or other the omnipotent Mr. Brown had seen through his pretensions. Suddenly a thought occurred to him. "A very good speech, Conrad," he said approvingly. "But wherefore the bonds and fetters? Why not let this kind gentleman here cut my throat without delay?" "Garn," said Number 14 unexpectedly. "Think we're as green as to do you in here, and have the police nosing round? Not ‘alf! We've ordered the carriage for your lordship to-morrow mornin', but in the meantime we're not taking any chances, see!" "Nothing," said Tommy, "could be plainer than your words--unless it was your face." "Stow it," said Number 14. "With pleasure," replied Tommy. "You're making a sad mistake--but yours will be the loss." "You don't kid us that way again," said Number 14. "Talking as though you were still at the blooming _Ritz_, aren't you?" Tommy made no reply. He was engaged in wondering how Mr. Brown had discovered his identity. He decided that Tuppence, in the throes of anxiety, had gone to the police, and that his disappearance having been made public the gang had not been slow to put two and two together. The two men departed and the door slammed. Tommy was left to his meditations. They were not pleasant ones. Already his limbs felt cramped and stiff. He was utterly helpless, and he could see no hope anywhere. About an hour had passed when he heard the key softly turned, and the door opened. It was Annette. Tommy's heart beat a little faster. He had forgotten the girl. Was it possible that she had come to his help? Suddenly he heard Conrad's voice: "Come out of it, Annette. He doesn't want any supper to-night." "Oui, oui, je sais bien. But I must take the other tray. We need the things on it." "Well, hurry up," growled Conrad. Without looking at Tommy the girl went over to the table, and picked up the tray. She raised a hand and turned out the light. "Curse you"--Conrad had come to the door--"why did you do that?" "I always turn it out. You should have told me. Shall I relight it, Monsieur Conrad?" "No, come on out of it." "Le beau petit monsieur," cried Annette, pausing by the bed in the darkness. "You have tied him up well, _hein?_ He is like a trussed chicken!" The frank amusement in her tone jarred on the boy; but at that moment, to his amazement, he felt her hand running lightly over his bonds, and something small and cold was pressed into the palm of his hand. "Come on, Annette." "Mais me voilà." The door shut. Tommy heard Conrad say: "Lock it and give me the key." The footsteps died away. Tommy lay petrified with amazement. The object Annette had thrust into his hand was a small penknife, the blade open. From the way she had studiously avoided looking at him, and her action with the light, he came to the conclusion that the room was overlooked. There must be a peep-hole somewhere in the walls. Remembering how guarded she had always been in her manner, he saw that he had probably been under observation all the time. Had he said anything to give himself away? Hardly. He had revealed a wish to escape and a desire to find Jane Finn, but nothing that could have given a clue to his own identity. True, his question to Annette had proved that he was personally unacquainted with Jane Finn, but he had never pretended otherwise. The question now was, did Annette really know more? Were her denials intended primarily for the listeners? On that point he could come to no conclusion. But there was a more vital question that drove out all others. Could he, bound as he was, manage to cut his bonds? He essayed cautiously to rub the open blade up and down on the cord that bound his two wrists together. It was an awkward business, and drew a smothered "Ow" of pain from him as the knife cut into his wrist. But slowly and doggedly he went on sawing to and fro. He cut the flesh badly, but at last he felt the cord slacken. With his hands free, the rest was easy. Five minutes later he stood upright with some difficulty, owing to the cramp in his limbs. His first care was to bind up his bleeding wrist. Then he sat on the edge of the bed to think. Conrad had taken the key of the door, so he could expect little more assistance from Annette. The only outlet from the room was the door, consequently he would perforce have to wait until the two men returned to fetch him. But when they did.... Tommy smiled! Moving with infinite caution in the dark room, he found and unhooked the famous picture. He felt an economical pleasure that his first plan would not be wasted. There was now nothing to do but to wait. He waited. The night passed slowly. Tommy lived through an eternity of hours, but at last he heard footsteps. He stood upright, drew a deep breath, and clutched the picture firmly. The door opened. A faint light streamed in from outside. Conrad went straight towards the gas to light it. Tommy deeply regretted that it was he who had entered first. It would have been pleasant to get even with Conrad. Number 14 followed. As he stepped across the threshold, Tommy brought the picture down with terrific force on his head. Number 14 went down amidst a stupendous crash of broken glass. In a minute Tommy had slipped out and pulled to the door. The key was in the lock. He turned it and withdrew it just as Conrad hurled himself against the door from the inside with a volley of curses. For a moment Tommy hesitated. There was the sound of some one stirring on the floor below. Then the German's voice came up the stairs. "Gott im Himmel! Conrad, what is it?" Tommy felt a small hand thrust into his. Beside him stood Annette. She pointed up a rickety ladder that apparently led to some attics. "Quick--up here!" She dragged him after her up the ladder. In another moment they were standing in a dusty garret littered with lumber. Tommy looked round. "This won't do. It's a regular trap. There's no way out." "Hush! Wait." The girl put her finger to her lips. She crept to the top of the ladder and listened. The banging and beating on the door was terrific. The German and another were trying to force the door in. Annette explained in a whisper: "They will think you are still inside. They cannot hear what Conrad says. The door is too thick." "I thought you could hear what went on in the room?" "There is a peep-hole into the next room. It was clever of you to guess. But they will not think of that--they are only anxious to get in." "Yes--but look here----" "Leave it to me." She bent down. To his amazement, Tommy saw that she was fastening the end of a long piece of string to the handle of a big cracked jug. She arranged it carefully, then turned to Tommy. "Have you the key of the door?" "Yes." "Give it to me." He handed it to her. "I am going down. Do you think you can go halfway, and then swing yourself down _behind_ the ladder, so that they will not see you?" Tommy nodded. "There's a big cupboard in the shadow of the landing. Stand behind it. Take the end of this string in your hand. When I've let the others out-- _pull! _" Before he had time to ask her anything more, she had flitted lightly down the ladder and was in the midst of the group with a loud cry: "Mon Dieu! Mon Dieu! Qu'est-ce qu'il y a?" The German turned on her with an oath. "Get out of this. Go to your room!" Very cautiously Tommy swung himself down the back of the ladder. So long as they did not turn round ... all was well. He crouched behind the cupboard. They were still between him and the stairs. "Ah!" Annette appeared to stumble over something. She stooped. "Mon Dieu, voilà la clef!" The German snatched it from her. He unlocked the door. Conrad stumbled out, swearing. "Where is he? Have you got him?" "We have seen no one," said the German sharply. His face paled. "Who do you mean?" Conrad gave vent to another oath. "He's got away." "Impossible. He would have passed us." At that moment, with an ecstatic smile Tommy pulled the string. A crash of crockery came from the attic above. In a trice the men were pushing each other up the rickety ladder and had disappeared into the darkness above. Quick as a flash Tommy leapt from his hiding-place and dashed down the stairs, pulling the girl with him. There was no one in the hall. He fumbled over the bolts and chain. At last they yielded, the door swung open. He turned. Annette had disappeared. Tommy stood spell-bound. Had she run upstairs again? What madness possessed her! He fumed with impatience, but he stood his ground. He would not go without her. And suddenly there was an outcry overhead, an exclamation from the German, and then Annette's voice, clear and high: "Ma foi, he has escaped! And quickly! Who would have thought it?" Tommy still stood rooted to the ground. Was that a command to him to go? He fancied it was. And then, louder still, the words floated down to him: "This is a terrible house. I want to go back to Marguerite. To Marguerite. _To Marguerite!_" Tommy had run back to the stairs. She wanted him to go and leave her. But why? At all costs he must try and get her away with him. Then his heart sank. Conrad was leaping down the stairs, uttering a savage cry at the sight of him. After him came the others. Tommy stopped Conrad's rush with a straight blow with his fist. It caught the other on the point of the jaw and he fell like a log. The second man tripped over his body and fell. From higher up the staircase there was a flash, and a bullet grazed Tommy's ear. He realized that it would be good for his health to get out of this house as soon as possible. As regards Annette he could do nothing. He had got even with Conrad, which was one satisfaction. The blow had been a good one. He leapt for the door, slamming it behind him. The square was deserted. In front of the house was a baker's van. Evidently he was to have been taken out of London in that, and his body found many miles from the house in Soho. The driver jumped to the pavement and tried to bar Tommy's way. Again Tommy's fist shot out, and the driver sprawled on the pavement. Tommy took to his heels and ran--none too soon. The front door opened and a hail of bullets followed him. Fortunately none of them hit him. He turned the corner of the square. "There's one thing," he thought to himself, "they can't go on shooting. They'll have the police after them if they do. I wonder they dared to there." He heard the footsteps of his pursuers behind him, and redoubled his own pace. Once he got out of these by-ways he would be safe. There would be a policeman about somewhere--not that he really wanted to invoke the aid of the police if he could possibly do without it. It meant explanations, and general awkwardness. In another moment he had reason to bless his luck. He stumbled over a prostrate figure, which started up with a yell of alarm and dashed off down the street. Tommy drew back into a doorway. In a minute he had the pleasure of seeing his two pursuers, of whom the German was one, industriously tracking down the red herring! Tommy sat down quietly on the doorstep and allowed a few moments to elapse while he recovered his breath. Then he strolled gently in the opposite direction. He glanced at his watch. It was a little after half-past five. It was rapidly growing light. At the next corner he passed a policeman. The policeman cast a suspicious eye on him. Tommy felt slightly offended. Then, passing his hand over his face, he laughed. He had not shaved or washed for three days! What a guy he must look. He betook himself without more ado to a Turkish Bath establishment which he knew to be open all night. He emerged into the busy daylight feeling himself once more, and able to make plans. First of all, he must have a square meal. He had eaten nothing since midday yesterday. He turned into an A.B.C. shop and ordered eggs and bacon and coffee. Whilst he ate, he read a morning paper propped up in front of him. Suddenly he stiffened. There was a long article on Kramenin, who was described as the "man behind Bolshevism" in Russia, and who had just arrived in London--some thought as an unofficial envoy. His career was sketched lightly, and it was firmly asserted that he, and not the figurehead leaders, had been the author of the Russian Revolution. In the centre of the page was his portrait. "So that's who Number 1 is," said Tommy with his mouth full of eggs and bacon. "Not a doubt about it, I must push on." He paid for his breakfast, and betook himself to Whitehall. There he sent up his name, and the message that it was urgent. A few minutes later he was in the presence of the man who did not here go by the name of "Mr. Carter." There was a frown on his face. "Look here, you've no business to come asking for me in this way. I thought that was distinctly understood?" "It was, sir. But I judged it important to lose no time." And as briefly and succinctly as possible he detailed the experiences of the last few days. Half-way through, Mr. Carter interrupted him to give a few cryptic orders through the telephone. All traces of displeasure had now left his face. He nodded energetically when Tommy had finished. "Quite right. Every moment's of value. Fear we shall be too late anyway. They Would clear out at once. Still, they may have left something behind them that will be a clue. You say you've recognized Number 1 to be Kramenin? That's important. We want something against him badly to prevent the Cabinet falling on his neck too freely. What about the others? You say two faces were familiar to you? One's a Labour man, you think? Just look through these photos, and see if you can spot him." A minute later, Tommy held one up. Mr. Carter exhibited some surprise. "Ah, Westway! Shouldn't have thought it. Poses as being moderate. As for the other fellow, I think I can give a good guess." He handed another photograph to Tommy, and smiled at the other's exclamation. "I'm right, then. Who is he? Irishman. Prominent Unionist M.P. All a blind, of course. We've suspected it--but couldn't get any proof. Yes, you've done very well, young man. The 29th, you say, is the date. That gives us very little time--very little time indeed." "But----" Tommy hesitated. Mr. Carter read his thoughts. "We can deal with the General Strike menace, I think. It's a toss-up--but we've got a sporting chance! But if that draft treaty turns up--we're done. England will be plunged in anarchy. Ah, what's that? The car? Come on, Beresford, we'll go and have a look at this house of yours." Two constables were on duty in front of the house in Soho. An inspector reported to Mr. Carter in a low voice. The latter turned to Tommy. "The birds have flown--as we thought. We might as well go over it." Going over the deserted house seemed to Tommy to partake of the character of a dream. Everything was just as it had been. The prison room with the crooked pictures, the broken jug in the attic, the meeting room with its long table. But nowhere was there a trace of papers. Everything of that kind had either been destroyed or taken away. And there was no sign of Annette. "What you tell me about the girl puzzled me," said Mr. Carter. "You believe that she deliberately went back?" "It would seem so, sir. She ran upstairs while I was getting the door open." "H'm, she must belong to the gang, then; but, being a woman, didn't feel like standing by to see a personable young man killed. But evidently she's in with them, or she wouldn't have gone back." "I can't believe she's really one of them, sir. She--seemed so different----" "Good-looking, I suppose?" said Mr. Carter with a smile that made Tommy flush to the roots of his hair. He admitted Annette's beauty rather shamefacedly. "By the way," observed Mr. Carter, "have you shown yourself to Miss Tuppence yet? She's been bombarding me with letters about you." "Tuppence? I was afraid she might get a bit rattled. Did she go to the police?" Mr. Carter shook his head. "Then I wonder how they twigged me." Mr. Carter looked inquiringly at him, and Tommy explained. The other nodded thoughtfully. "True, that's rather a curious point. Unless the mention of the _Ritz_ was an accidental remark?" "It might have been, sir. But they must have found out about me suddenly in some way." "Well," said Mr. Carter, looking round him, "there's nothing more to be done here. What about some lunch with me?" "Thanks awfully, sir. But I think I'd better get back and rout out Tuppence." "Of course. Give her my kind regards and tell her not to believe you're killed too readily next time." Tommy grinned. "I take a lot of killing, sir." "So I perceive," said Mr. Carter dryly. "Well, good-bye. Remember you're a marked man now, and take reasonable care of yourself." "Thank you, sir." Hailing a taxi briskly Tommy stepped in, and was swiftly borne to the _Ritz_, dwelling the while on the pleasurable anticipation of startling Tuppence. "Wonder what she's been up to. Dogging ‘Rita' most likely. By the way, I suppose that's who Annette meant by Marguerite. I didn't get it at the time." The thought saddened him a little, for it seemed to prove that Mrs. Vandemeyer and the girl were on intimate terms. The taxi drew up at the _Ritz_. Tommy burst into its sacred portals eagerly, but his enthusiasm received a check. He was informed that Miss Cowley had gone out a quarter of an hour ago. BAFFLED for the moment, Tommy strolled into the restaurant, and ordered a meal of surpassing excellence. His four days' imprisonment had taught him anew to value good food. He was in the middle of conveying a particularly choice morsel of Sole à la Jeanette to his mouth, when he caught sight of Julius entering the room. Tommy waved a menu cheerfully, and succeeded in attracting the other's attention. At the sight of Tommy, Julius's eyes seemed as though they would pop out of his head. He strode across, and pump-handled Tommy's hand with what seemed to the latter quite unnecessary vigour. "Holy snakes!" he ejaculated. "Is it really you?" "Of course it is. Why shouldn't it be?" "Why shouldn't it be? Say, man, don't you know you've been given up for dead? I guess we'd have had a solemn requiem for you in another few days." "Who thought I was dead?" demanded Tommy. "Tuppence." "She remembered the proverb about the good dying young, I suppose. There must be a certain amount of original sin in me to have survived. Where is Tuppence, by the way?" "Isn't she here?" "No, the fellows at the office said she'd just gone out." "Gone shopping, I guess. I dropped her here in the car about an hour ago. But, say, can't you shed that British calm of yours, and get down to it? What on God's earth have you been doing all this time?" "If you're feeding here," replied Tommy, "order now. It's going to be a long story." Julius drew up a chair to the opposite side of the table, summoned a hovering waiter, and dictated his wishes. Then he turned to Tommy. "Fire ahead. I guess you've had some few adventures." "One or two," replied Tommy modestly, and plunged into his recital. Julius listened spellbound. Half the dishes that were placed before him he forgot to eat. At the end he heaved a long sigh. "Bully for you. Reads like a dime novel!" "And now for the home front," said Tommy, stretching out his hand for a peach. "We-el," drawled Julius, "I don't mind admitting we've had some adventures too." He, in his turn, assumed the rôle of narrator. Beginning with his unsuccessful reconnoitring at Bournemouth, he passed on to his return to London, the buying of the car, the growing anxieties of Tuppence, the call upon Sir James, and the sensational occurrences of the previous night. "But who killed her?" asked Tommy. "I don't quite understand." "The doctor kidded himself she took it herself," replied Julius dryly. "And Sir James? What did he think?" "Being a legal luminary, he is likewise a human oyster," replied Julius. "I should say he ‘reserved judgment.'" He went on to detail the events of the morning. "Lost her memory, eh?" said Tommy with interest. "By Jove, that explains why they looked at me so queerly when I spoke of questioning her. Bit of a slip on my part, that! But it wasn't the sort of thing a fellow would be likely to guess." "They didn't give you any sort of hint as to where Jane was?" Tommy shook his head regretfully. "Not a word. I'm a bit of an ass, as you know. I ought to have got more out of them somehow." "I guess you're lucky to be here at all. That bluff of yours was the goods all right. How you ever came to think of it all so pat beats me to a frazzle!" "I was in such a funk I had to think of something," said Tommy simply. There was a moment's pause, and then Tommy reverted to Mrs. Vandemeyer's death. "There's no doubt it was chloral?" "I believe not. At least they call it heart failure induced by an overdose, or some such claptrap. It's all right. We don't want to be worried with an inquest. But I guess Tuppence and I and even the highbrow Sir James have all got the same idea." "Mr. Brown?" hazarded Tommy. "Sure thing." Tommy nodded. "All the same," he said thoughtfully, "Mr. Brown hasn't got wings. I don't see how he got in and out." "How about some high-class thought transference stunt? Some magnetic influence that irresistibly impelled Mrs. Vandemeyer to commit suicide?" Tommy looked at him with respect. "Good, Julius. Distinctly good. Especially the phraseology. But it leaves me cold. I yearn for a real Mr. Brown of flesh and blood. I think the gifted young detectives must get to work, study the entrances and exits, and tap the bumps on their foreheads until the solution of the mystery dawns on them. Let's go round to the scene of the crime. I wish we could get hold of Tuppence. The _Ritz_ would enjoy the spectacle of the glad reunion." Inquiry at the office revealed the fact that Tuppence had not yet returned. "All the same, I guess I'll have a look round upstairs," said Julius. "She might be in my sitting-room." He disappeared. Suddenly a diminutive boy spoke at Tommy's elbow: "The young lady--she's gone away by train, I think, sir," he murmured shyly. "What?" Tommy wheeled round upon him. The small boy became pinker than before. "The taxi, sir. I heard her tell the driver Charing Cross and to look sharp." Tommy stared at him, his eyes opening wide in surprise. Emboldened, the small boy proceeded. "So I thought, having asked for an A.B.C. and a Bradshaw." Tommy interrupted him: "When did she ask for an A.B.C. and a Bradshaw?" "When I took her the telegram, sir." "A telegram?" "Yes, sir." "When was that?" "About half-past twelve, sir." "Tell me exactly what happened." The small boy drew a long breath. "I took up a telegram to No. 891--the lady was there. She opened it and gave a gasp, and then she said, very jolly like: ‘Bring me up a Bradshaw, and an A.B.C., and look sharp, Henry.' My name isn't Henry, but----" "Never mind your name," said Tommy impatiently. "Go on." "Yes, sir. I brought them, and she told me to wait, and looked up something. And then she looks up at the clock, and ‘Hurry up,' she says. ‘Tell them to get me a taxi,' and she begins a-shoving on of her hat in front of the glass, and she was down in two ticks, almost as quick as I was, and I seed her going down the steps and into the taxi, and I heard her call out what I told you." The small boy stopped and replenished his lungs. Tommy continued to stare at him. At that moment Julius rejoined him. He held an open letter in his hand. "I say, Hersheimmer"--Tommy turned to him--"Tuppence has gone off sleuthing on her own." "Shucks!" "Yes, she has. She went off in a taxi to Charing Cross in the deuce of a hurry after getting a telegram." His eye fell on the letter in Julius's hand. "Oh; she left a note for you. That's all right. Where's she off to?" Almost unconsciously, he held out his hand for the letter, but Julius folded it up and placed it in his pocket. He seemed a trifle embarrassed. "I guess this is nothing to do with it. It's about something else--something I asked her that she was to let me know about." "Oh!" Tommy looked puzzled, and seemed waiting for more. "See here," said Julius suddenly, "I'd better put you wise. I asked Miss Tuppence to marry me this morning." "Oh!" said Tommy mechanically. He felt dazed. Julius's words were totally unexpected. For the moment they benumbed his brain. "I'd like to tell you," continued Julius, "that before I suggested anything of the kind to Miss Tuppence, I made it clear that I didn't want to butt in in any way between her and you----" Tommy roused himself. "That's all right," he said quickly. "Tuppence and I have been pals for years. Nothing more." He lit a cigarette with a hand that shook ever so little. "That's quite all right. Tuppence always said that she was looking out for----" He stopped abruptly, his face crimsoning, but Julius was in no way discomposed. "Oh, I guess it'll be the dollars that'll do the trick. Miss Tuppence put me wise to that right away. There's no humbug about her. We ought to gee along together very well." Tommy looked at him curiously for a minute, as though he were about to speak, then changed his mind and said nothing. Tuppence and Julius! Well, why not? Had she not lamented the fact that she knew no rich men? Had she not openly avowed her intention of marrying for money if she ever had the chance? Her meeting with the young American millionaire had given her the chance--and it was unlikely she would be slow to avail herself of it. She was out for money. She had always said so. Why blame her because she had been true to her creed? Nevertheless, Tommy did blame her. He was filled with a passionate and utterly illogical resentment. It was all very well to _say_ things like that--but a _real_ girl would never marry for money. Tuppence was utterly cold-blooded and selfish, and he would be delighted if he never saw her again! And it was a rotten world! Julius's voice broke in on these meditations. "Yes, we ought to gee along together very well. I've heard that a girl always refuses you once--a sort of convention." Tommy caught his arm. "Refuses? Did you say _refuses?_" "Sure thing. Didn't I tell you that? She just rapped out a ‘no' without any kind of reason to it. The eternal feminine, the Huns call it, I've heard. But she'll come round right enough. Likely enough, I hustled her some----" But Tommy interrupted regardless of decorum. "What did she say in that note?" he demanded fiercely. The obliging Julius handed it to him. "There's no earthly clue in it as to where she's gone," he assured Tommy. "But you might as well see for yourself if you don't believe me." The note, in Tuppence's well-known schoolboy writing, ran as follows: "DEAR JULIUS, "It's always better to have things in black and white. I don't feel I can be bothered to think of marriage until Tommy is found. Let's leave it till then. "Yours affectionately, "TUPPENCE." Tommy handed it back, his eyes shining. His feelings had undergone a sharp reaction. He now felt that Tuppence was all that was noble and disinterested. Had she not refused Julius without hesitation? True, the note betokened signs of weakening, but he could excuse that. It read almost like a bribe to Julius to spur him on in his efforts to find Tommy, but he supposed she had not really meant it that way. Darling Tuppence, there was not a girl in the world to touch her! When he saw her----His thoughts were brought up with a sudden jerk. "As you say," he remarked, pulling himself together, "there's not a hint here as to what she's up to. Hi--Henry!" The small boy came obediently. Tommy produced five shillings. "One thing more. Do you remember what the young lady did with the telegram?" Henry gasped and spoke. "She crumpled it up into a ball and threw it into the grate, and made a sort of noise like ‘Whoop!' sir." "Very graphic, Henry," said Tommy. "Here's your five shillings. Come on, Julius. We must find that telegram." They hurried upstairs. Tuppence had left the key in her door. The room was as she had left it. In the fireplace was a crumpled ball of orange and white. Tommy disentangled it and smoothed out the telegram. "Come at once, Moat House, Ebury, Yorkshire, great developments--TOMMY." They looked at each other in stupefaction. Julius spoke first: "You didn't send it?" "Of course not. What does it mean?" "I guess it means the worst," said Julius quietly. "They've got her." _"What? "_ "Sure thing! They signed your name, and she fell into the trap like a lamb." "My God! What shall we do?" "Get busy, and go after her! Right now! There's no time to waste. It's almighty luck that she didn't take the wire with her. If she had we'd probably never have traced her. But we've got to hustle. Where's that Bradshaw?" The energy of Julius was infectious. Left to himself, Tommy would probably have sat down to think things out for a good half-hour before he decided on a plan of action. But with Julius Hersheimmer about, hustling was inevitable. After a few muttered imprecations he handed the Bradshaw to Tommy as being more conversant with its mysteries. Tommy abandoned it in favour of an A.B.C. "Here we are. Ebury, Yorks. From King's Cross. Or St. Pancras. (Boy must have made a mistake. It was King's Cross, not _Charing_ Cross.) 12.50, that's the train she went by. 2.10, that's gone. 3.20 is the next--and a damned slow train too." "What about the car?" Tommy shook his head. "Send it up if you like, but we'd better stick to the train. The great thing is to keep calm." Julius groaned. "That's so. But it gets my goat to think of that innocent young girl in danger!" Tommy nodded abstractedly. He was thinking. In a moment or two, he said: "I say, Julius, what do they want her for, anyway?" "Eh? I don't get you?" "What I mean is that I don't think it's their game to do her any harm," explained Tommy, puckering his brow with the strain of his mental processes. "She's a hostage, that's what she is. She's in no immediate danger, because if we tumble on to anything, she'd be damned useful to them. As long as they've got her, they've got the whip hand of us. See?" "Sure thing," said Julius thoughtfully. "That's so." "Besides," added Tommy, as an afterthought, "I've great faith in Tuppence." The journey was wearisome, with many stops, and crowded carriages. They had to change twice, once at Doncaster, once at a small junction. Ebury was a deserted station with a solitary porter, to whom Tommy addressed himself: "Can you tell me the way to the Moat House?" "The Moat House? It's a tidy step from here. The big house near the sea, you mean?" Tommy assented brazenly. After listening to the porter's meticulous but perplexing directions, they prepared to leave the station. It was beginning to rain, and they turned up the collars of their coats as they trudged through the slush of the road. Suddenly Tommy halted. "Wait a moment." He ran back to the station and tackled the porter anew. "Look here, do you remember a young lady who arrived by an earlier train, the 12.50 from London? She'd probably ask you the way to the Moat House." He described Tuppence as well as he could, but the porter shook his head. Several people had arrived by the train in question. He could not call to mind one young lady in particular. But he was quite certain that no one had asked him the way to the Moat House. Tommy rejoined Julius, and explained. Depression was settling on him like a leaden weight. He felt convinced that their quest was going to be unsuccessful. The enemy had over three hours' start. Three hours was more than enough for Mr. Brown. He would not ignore the possibility of the telegram having been found. The way seemed endless. Once they took the wrong turning and went nearly half a mile out of their direction. It was past seven o'clock when a small boy told them that "t' Moat House" was just past the next corner. A rusty iron gate swinging dismally on its hinges! An overgrown drive thick with leaves. There was something about the place that struck a chill to both their hearts. They went up the deserted drive. The leaves deadened their footsteps. The daylight was almost gone. It was like walking in a world of ghosts. Overhead the branches flapped and creaked with a mournful note. Occasionally a sodden leaf drifted silently down, startling them with its cold touch on their cheek. A turn of the drive brought them in sight of the house. That, too, seemed empty and deserted. The shutters were closed, the steps up to the door overgrown with moss. Was it indeed to this desolate spot that Tuppence had been decoyed? It seemed hard to believe that a human footstep had passed this way for months. Julius jerked the rusty bell handle. A jangling peal rang discordantly, echoing through the emptiness No one came. They rang again and again--but there was no sign of life. Then they walked completely round the house. Everywhere silence, and shuttered windows. If they could believe the evidence of their eyes the place was empty. "Nothing doing," said Julius. They retraced their steps slowly to the gate. "There must be a village handy," continued the young American. "We'd better make inquiries there. They'll know something about the place, and whether there's been anyone there lately." "Yes, that's not a bad idea." Proceeding up the road, they soon came to a little hamlet. On the outskirts of it, they met a workman swinging his bag of tools, and Tommy stopped him with a question. "The Moat House? It's empty. Been empty for years. Mrs. Sweeny's got the key if you want to go over it--next to the post office." Tommy thanked him. They soon found the post office, which was also a sweet and general fancy shop, and knocked at the door of the cottage next to it. A clean, wholesome-looking woman opened it. She readily produced the key of the Moat House. "Though I doubt if it's the kind of place to suit you, sir. In a terrible state of repair. Ceilings leaking and all. ‘Twould need a lot of money spent on it." "Thanks," said Tommy cheerily. "I dare say it'll be a washout, but houses are scarce nowadays." "That they are," declared the woman heartily. "My daughter and son-in-law have been looking for a decent cottage for I don't know how long. It's all the war. Upset things terribly, it has. But excuse me, sir, it'll be too dark for you to see much of the house. Hadn't you better wait until to-morrow?" "That's all right. We'll have a look around this evening, anyway. We'd have been here before only we lost our way. What's the best place to stay at for the night round here?" Mrs. Sweeny looked doubtful. "There's the _Yorkshire Arms_, but it's not much of a place for gentlemen like you." "Oh, it will do very well. Thanks. By the way, you've not had a young lady here asking for this key to-day?" The woman shook her head. "No one's been over the place for a long time." "Thanks very much." They retraced their steps to the Moat House. As the front door swung back on its hinges, protesting loudly, Julius struck a match and examined the floor carefully. Then he shook his head. "I'd swear no one's passed this way. Look at the dust. Thick. Not a sign of a footmark." They wandered round the deserted house. Everywhere the same tale. Thick layers of dust apparently undisturbed. "This gets me," said Julius. "I don't believe Tuppence was ever in this house." "She must have been." Julius shook his head without replying. "We'll go over it again to-morrow," said Tommy. "Perhaps we'll see more in the daylight." On the morrow they took up the search once more, and were reluctantly forced to the conclusion that the house had not been invaded for some considerable time. They might have left the village altogether but for a fortunate discovery of Tommy's. As they were retracing their steps to the gate, he gave a sudden cry, and stooping, picked something up from among the leaves, and held it out to Julius. It was a small gold brooch. "That's Tuppence's!" "Are you sure?" "Absolutely. I've often seen her wear it." Julius drew a deep breath. "I guess that settles it. She came as far as here, anyway. We'll make that pub our head-quarters, and raise hell round here until we find her. Somebody _must_ have seen her." Forthwith the campaign began. Tommy and Julius worked separately and together, but the result was the same. Nobody answering to Tuppence's description had been seen in the vicinity. They were baffled--but not discouraged. Finally they altered their tactics. Tuppence had certainly not remained long in the neighbourhood of the Moat House. That pointed to her having been overcome and carried away in a car. They renewed inquiries. Had anyone seen a car standing somewhere near the Moat House that day? Again they met with no success. Julius wired to town for his own car, and they scoured the neighbourhood daily with unflagging zeal. A grey limousine on which they had set high hopes was traced to Harrogate, and turned out to be the property of a highly respectable maiden lady! Each day saw them set out on a new quest. Julius was like a hound on the leash. He followed up the slenderest clue. Every car that had passed through the village on the fateful day was tracked down. He forced his way into country properties and submitted the owners of the motors to a searching cross-examination. His apologies were as thorough as his methods, and seldom failed in disarming the indignation of his victims; but, as day succeeded day, they were no nearer to discovering Tuppence's whereabouts. So well had the abduction been planned that the girl seemed literally to have vanished into thin air. And another preoccupation was weighing on Tommy's mind. "Do you know how long we've been here?" he asked one morning as they sat facing each other at breakfast. "A week! We're no nearer to finding Tuppence, _and next Sunday is the_ 29_th!_" "Shucks!" said Julius thoughtfully. "I'd almost forgotten about the 29th. I've been thinking of nothing but Tuppence." "So have I. At least, I hadn't forgotten about the 29th, but it didn't seem to matter a damn in comparison to finding Tuppence. But to-day's the 23rd, and time's getting short. If we're ever going to get hold of her at all, we must do it before the 29th--her life won't be worth an hour's purchase afterwards. The hostage game will be played out by then. I'm beginning to feel that we've made a big mistake in the way we've set about this. We've wasted time and we're no forrader." "I'm with you there. We've been a couple of mutts, who've bitten off a bigger bit than they can chew. I'm going to quit fooling right away!" "What do you mean?" "I'll tell you. I'm going to do what we ought to have done a week ago. I'm going right back to London to put the case in the hands of your British police. We fancied ourselves as sleuths. Sleuths! It was a piece of damn-fool foolishness! I'm through! I've had enough of it. Scotland Yard for me!" "You're right," said Tommy slowly. "I wish to God we'd gone there right away." "Better late than never. We've been like a couple of babes playing ‘Here we go round the Mulberry Bush.' Now I'm going right along to Scotland Yard to ask them to take me by the hand and show me the way I should go. I guess the professional always scores over the amateur in the end. Are you coming along with me?" Tommy shook his head. "What's the good? One of us is enough. I might as well stay here and nose round a bit longer. Something _might_ turn up. One never knows." "Sure thing. Well, so long. I'll be back in a couple of shakes with a few inspectors along. I shall tell them to pick out their brightest and best." But the course of events was not to follow the plan Julius had laid down. Later in the day Tommy received a wire: "Join me Manchester Midland Hotel. Important news--JULIUS." At 7.30 that night Tommy alighted from a slow cross-country train. Julius was on the platform. "Thought you'd come by this train if you weren't out when my wire arrived." Tommy grasped him by the arm. "What is it? Is Tuppence found?" Julius shook his head. "No. But I found this waiting in London. Just arrived." He handed the telegraph form to the other. Tommy's eyes opened as he read: "Jane Finn found. Come Manchester Midland Hotel immediately--PEEL EDGERTON." Julius took the form back and folded it up. "Queer," he said thoughtfully. "I thought that lawyer chap had quit!" "MY train got in half an hour ago," explained Julius, as he led the way out of the station. "I reckoned you'd come by this before I left London, and wired accordingly to Sir James. He's booked rooms for us, and will be round to dine at eight." "What made you think he'd ceased to take any interest in the case?" asked Tommy curiously. "What he said," replied Julius dryly. "The old bird's as close as an oyster! Like all the darned lot of them, he wasn't going to commit himself till he was sure he could deliver the goods." "I wonder," said Tommy thoughtfully. Julius turned on him. "You wonder what?" "Whether that was his real reason." "Sure. You bet your life it was." Tommy shook his head unconvinced. Sir James arrived punctually at eight o'clock, and Julius introduced Tommy. Sir James shook hands with him warmly. "I am delighted to make your acquaintance, Mr. Beresford. I have heard so much about you from Miss Tuppence"--he smiled involuntarily--"that it really seems as though I already know you quite well." "Thank you, sir," said Tommy with his cheerful grin. He scanned the great lawyer eagerly. Like Tuppence, he felt the magnetism of the other's personality. He was reminded of Mr. Carter. The two men, totally unlike so far as physical resemblance went, produced a similar effect. Beneath the weary manner of the one and the professional reserve of the other, lay the same quality of mind, keen-edged like a rapier. In the meantime he was conscious of Sir James's close scrutiny. When the lawyer dropped his eyes the young man had the feeling that the other had read him through and through like an open book. He could not but wonder what the final judgment was, but there was little chance of learning that. Sir James took in everything, but gave out only what he chose. A proof of that occurred almost at once. Immediately the first greetings were over Julius broke out into a flood of eager questions. How had Sir James managed to track the girl? Why had he not let them know that he was still working on the case? And so on. Sir James stroked his chin and smiled. At last he said: "Just so, just so. Well, she's found. And that's the great thing, isn't it? Eh! Come now, that's the great thing?" "Sure it is. But just how did you strike her trail? Miss Tuppence and I thought you'd quit for good and all." "Ah!" The lawyer shot a lightning glance at him, then resumed operations on his chin. "You thought that, did you? Did you really? H'm, dear me." "But I guess I can take it we were wrong," pursued Julius. "Well, I don't know that I should go so far as to say that. But it's certainly fortunate for all parties that we've managed to find the young lady." "But where is she?" demanded Julius, his thoughts flying off on another tack. "I thought you'd be sure to bring her along?" "That would hardly be possible," said Sir James gravely. "Why?" "Because the young lady was knocked down in a street accident, and has sustained slight injuries to the head. She was taken to the infirmary, and on recovering consciousness gave her name as Jane Finn. When--ah!--I heard that, I arranged for her to be removed to the house of a doctor--a friend of mine, and wired at once for you. She relapsed into unconsciousness and has not spoken since." "She's not seriously hurt?" "Oh, a bruise and a cut or two; really, from a medical point of view, absurdly slight injuries to have produced such a condition. Her state is probably to be attributed to the mental shock consequent on recovering her memory." "It's come back?" cried Julius excitedly. Sir James tapped the table rather impatiently. "Undoubtedly, Mr. Hersheimmer, since she was able to give her real name. I thought you had appreciated that point." "And you just happened to be on the spot," said Tommy. "Seems quite like a fairy tale." But Sir James was far too wary to be drawn. "Coincidences are curious things," he said dryly. Nevertheless Tommy was now certain of what he had before only suspected. Sir James's presence in Manchester was not accidental. Far from abandoning the case, as Julius supposed, he had by some means of his own successfully run the missing girl to earth. The only thing that puzzled Tommy was the reason for all this secrecy. He concluded that it was a foible of the legal mind. Julius was speaking. "After dinner," he announced, "I shall go right away and see Jane." "That will be impossible, I fear," said Sir James. "It is very unlikely they would allow her to see visitors at this time of night. I should suggest to-morrow morning about ten o'clock." Julius flushed. There was something in Sir James which always stirred him to antagonism. It was a conflict of two masterful personalities. "All the same, I reckon I'll go round there to-night and see if I can't ginger them up to break through their silly rules." "It will be quite useless, Mr. Hersheimmer." The words came out like the crack of a pistol, and Tommy looked up with a start. Julius was nervous and excited. The hand with which he raised his glass to his lips shook slightly, but his eyes held Sir James's defiantly. For a moment the hostility between the two seemed likely to burst into flame, but in the end Julius lowered his eyes, defeated. "For the moment, I reckon you're the boss." "Thank you," said the other. "We will say ten o'clock then?" With consummate ease of manner he turned to Tommy. "I must confess, Mr. Beresford, that it was something of a surprise to me to see you here this evening. The last I heard of you was that your friends were in grave anxiety on your behalf. Nothing had been heard of you for some days, and Miss Tuppence was inclined to think you had got into difficulties." "I had, sir!" Tommy grinned reminiscently. "I was never in a tighter place in my life." Helped out by questions from Sir James, he gave an abbreviated account of his adventures. The lawyer looked at him with renewed interest as he brought the tale to a close. "You got yourself out of a tight place very well," he said gravely. "I congratulate you. You displayed a great deal of ingenuity and carried your part through well." Tommy blushed, his face assuming a prawnlike hue at the praise. "I couldn't have got away but for the girl, sir." "No." Sir James smiled a little. "It was lucky for you she happened to--er--take a fancy to you." Tommy appeared about to protest, but Sir James went on. "There's no doubt about her being one of the gang, I suppose?" "I'm afraid not, sir. I thought perhaps they were keeping her there by force, but the way she acted didn't fit in with that. You see, she went back to them when she could have got away." Sir James nodded thoughtfully. "What did she say? Something about wanting to be taken to Marguerite?" "Yes, sir. I suppose she meant Mrs. Vandemeyer." "She always signed herself Rita Vandemeyer. All her friends spoke of her as Rita. Still, I suppose the girl must have been in the habit of calling her by her full name. And, at the moment she was crying out to her, Mrs. Vandemeyer was either dead or dying! Curious! There are one or two points that strike me as being obscure--their sudden change of attitude towards yourself, for instance. By the way, the house was raided, of course?" "Yes, sir, but they'd all cleared out." "Naturally," said Sir James dryly. "And not a clue left behind." "I wonder----" The lawyer tapped the table thoughtfully. Something in his voice made Tommy look up. Would this man's eyes have seen something where theirs had been blind? He spoke impulsively: "I wish you'd been there, sir, to go over the house!" "I wish I had," said Sir James quietly. He sat for a moment in silence. Then he looked up. "And since then? What have you been doing?" For a moment, Tommy stared at him. Then it dawned on him that of course the lawyer did not know. "I forgot that you didn't know about Tuppence," he said slowly. The sickening anxiety, forgotten for a while in the excitement of knowing Jane Finn was found at last, swept over him again. The lawyer laid down his knife and fork sharply. "Has anything happened to Miss Tuppence?" His voice was keen-edged. "She's disappeared," said Julius. "When?" "A week ago." "How?" Sir James's questions fairly shot out. Between them Tommy and Julius gave the history of the last week and their futile search. Sir James went at once to the root of the matter. "A wire signed with your name? They knew enough of you both for that. They weren't sure of how much you had learnt in that house. Their kidnapping of Miss Tuppence is the counter-move to your escape. If necessary they could seal your lips with a threat of what might happen to her." Tommy nodded. "That's just what I thought, sir." Sir James looked at him keenly. "You had worked that out, had you? Not bad--not at all bad. The curious thing is that they certainly did not know anything about you when they first held you prisoner. You are sure that you did not in any way disclose your identity?" Tommy shook his head. "That's so," said Julius with a nod. "Therefore I reckon some one put them wise--and not earlier than Sunday afternoon." "Yes, but who?" "That almighty omniscient Mr. Brown, of course!" There was a faint note of derision in the American's voice which made Sir James look up sharply. "You don't believe in Mr. Brown, Mr. Hersheimmer?" "No, sir, I do not," returned the young American with emphasis. "Not as such, that is to say. I reckon it out that he's a figurehead--just a bogy name to frighten the children with. The real head of this business is that Russian chap Kramenin. I guess he's quite capable of running revolutions in three countries at once if he chose! The man Whittington is probably the head of the English branch." "I disagree with you," said Sir James shortly. "Mr. Brown exists." He turned to Tommy. "Did you happen to notice where that wire was handed in?" "No, sir, I'm afraid I didn't." "H'm. Got it with you?" "It's upstairs, sir, in my kit." "I'd like to have a look at it sometime. No hurry. You've wasted a week"--Tommy hung his head--"a day or so more is immaterial. We'll deal with Miss Jane Finn first. Afterwards, we'll set to work to rescue Miss Tuppence from bondage. I don't think she's in any immediate danger. That is, so long as they don't know that we've got Jane Finn, and that her memory has returned. We must keep that dark at all costs. You understand?" The other two assented, and, after making arrangements for meeting on the morrow, the great lawyer took his leave. At ten o'clock, the two young men were at the appointed spot. Sir James had joined them on the doorstep. He alone appeared unexcited. He introduced them to the doctor. "Mr. Hersheimmer--Mr. Beresford--Dr. Roylance. How's the patient?" "Going on well. Evidently no idea of the flight of time. Asked this morning how many had been saved from the _Lusitania_. Was it in the papers yet? That, of course, was only what was to be expected. She seems to have something on her mind, though." "I think we can relieve her anxiety. May we go up?" "Certainly." Tommy's heart beat sensibly faster as they followed the doctor upstairs. Jane Finn at last! The long-sought, the mysterious, the elusive Jane Finn! How wildly improbable success had seemed! And here in this house, her memory almost miraculously restored, lay the girl who held the future of England in her hands. A half groan broke from Tommy's lips. If only Tuppence could have been at his side to share in the triumphant conclusion of their joint venture! Then he put the thought of Tuppence resolutely aside. His confidence in Sir James was growing. There was a man who would unerringly ferret out Tuppence's whereabouts. In the meantime Jane Finn! And suddenly a dread clutched at his heart. It seemed too easy.... Suppose they should find her dead ... stricken down by the hand of Mr. Brown? In another minute he was laughing at these melodramatic fancies. The doctor held open the door of a room and they passed in. On the white bed, bandages round her head, lay the girl. Somehow the whole It was so exactly what one expected that it gave the effect of being beautifully staged. The girl looked from one to the other of them with large wondering eyes. Sir James spoke first. "Miss Finn," he said, "this is your cousin, Mr. Julius P. Hersheimmer." A faint flush flitted over the girl's face, as Julius stepped forward and took her hand. "How do, Cousin Jane?" he said lightly. But Tommy caught the tremor in his voice. "Are you really Uncle Hiram's son?" she asked wonderingly. Her voice, with the slight warmth of the Western accent, had an almost thrilling quality. It seemed vaguely familiar to Tommy, but he thrust the impression aside as impossible. "Sure thing." "We used to read about Uncle Hiram in the papers," continued the girl, in her low soft tones. "But I never thought I'd meet you one day. Mother figured it out that Uncle Hiram would never get over being mad with her." "The old man was like that," admitted Julius. "But I guess the new generation's sort of different. Got no use for the family feud business. First thing I thought about, soon as the war was over, was to come along and hunt you up." A shadow passed over the girl's face. "They've been telling me things--dreadful things--that my memory went, and that there are years I shall never know about--years lost out of my life." "You didn't realize that yourself?" The girl's eyes opened wide. "Why, no. It seems to me as though it were no time since we were being hustled into those boats. I can see it all now." She closed her eyes with a shudder. Julius looked across at Sir James, who nodded. "Don't worry any. It isn't worth it. Now, see here, Jane, there's something we want to know about. There was a man aboard that boat with some mighty important papers on him, and the big guns in this country have got a notion that he passed on the goods to you. Is that so?" The girl hesitated, her glance shifting to the other two. Julius understood. "Mr. Beresford is commissioned by the British Government to get those papers back. Sir James Peel Edgerton is an English Member of Parliament, and might be a big gun in the Cabinet if he liked. It's owing to him that we've ferreted you out at last. So you can go right ahead and tell us the whole story. Did Danvers give you the papers?" "Yes. He said they'd have a better chance with me, because they would save the women and children first." "Just as we thought," said Sir James. "He said they were very important--that they might make all the difference to the Allies. But, if it's all so long ago, and the war's over, what does it matter now?" "I guess history repeats itself, Jane. First there was a great hue and cry over those papers, then it all died down, and now the whole caboodle's started all over again--for rather different reasons. Then you can hand them over to us right away?" "But I can't." "What?" "I haven't got them." "You--haven't--got them?" Julius punctuated the words with little pauses. "No--I hid them." "You _hid_ them?" "Yes. I got uneasy. People seemed to be watching me. It scared me--badly." She put her hand to her head. "It's almost the last thing I remember before waking up in the hospital...." "Go on," said Sir James, in his quiet penetrating tones. "What do you remember?" She turned to him obediently. "It was at Holyhead. I came that way--I don't remember why...." "That doesn't matter. Go on." "In the confusion on the quay I slipped away. Nobody saw me. I took a car. Told the man to drive me out of the town. I watched when we got on the open road. No other car was following us. I saw a path at the side of the road. I told the man to wait." She paused, then went on. "The path led to the cliff, and down to the sea between big yellow gorse bushes--they were like golden flames. I looked round. There wasn't a soul in sight. But just level with my head there was a hole in the rock. It was quite small--I could only just get my hand in, but it went a long way back. I took the oilskin packet from round my neck and shoved it right in as far as I could. Then I tore off a bit of gorse--My! but it did prick--and plugged the hole with it so that you'd never guess there was a crevice of any kind there. Then I marked the place carefully in my own mind, so that I'd find it again. There was a queer boulder in the path just there--for all the world like a dog sitting up begging. Then I went back to the road. The car was waiting, and I drove back. I just caught the train. I was a bit ashamed of myself for fancying things maybe, but, by and by, I saw the man opposite me wink at a woman who was sitting next to me, and I felt scared again, and was glad the papers were safe. I went out in the corridor to get a little air. I thought I'd slip into another carriage. But the woman called me back, said I'd dropped something, and when I stooped to look, something seemed to hit me--here." She placed her hand to the back of her head. "I don't remember anything more until I woke up in the hospital." There was a pause. "Thank you, Miss Finn." It was Sir James who spoke. "I hope we have not tired you?" "Oh, that's all right. My head aches a little, but otherwise I feel fine." Julius stepped forward and took her hand again. "So long, Cousin Jane. I'm going to get busy after those papers, but I'll be back in two shakes of a dog's tail, and I'll tote you up to London and give you the time of your young life before we go back to the States! I mean it--so hurry up and get well." IN the street they held an informal council of war. Sir James had drawn a watch from his pocket. "The boat train to Holyhead stops at Chester at 12.14. If you start at once I think you can catch the connection." Tommy looked up, puzzled. "Is there any need to hurry, sir? To-day is only the 24th." "I guess it's always well to get up early in the morning," said Julius, before the lawyer had time to reply. "We'll make tracks for the depot right away." A little frown had settled on Sir James's brow. "I wish I could come with you. I am due to speak at a meeting at two o'clock. It is unfortunate." The reluctance in his tone was very evident. It was clear, on the other hand, that Julius was easily disposed to put up with the loss of the other's company. "I guess there's nothing complicated about this deal," he remarked. "Just a game of hide-and-seek, that's all." "I hope so," said Sir James. "Sure thing. What else could it be?" "You are still young, Mr. Hersheimmer. At my age you will probably have learnt one lesson. ‘Never underestimate your adversary.'" The gravity of his tone impressed Tommy, but had little effect upon Julius. "You think Mr. Brown might come along and take a hand? If he does, I'm ready for him." He slapped his pocket. "I carry a gun. Little Willie here travels round with me everywhere." He produced a murderous-looking automatic, and tapped it affectionately before returning it to its home. "But he won't be needed this trip. There's nobody to put Mr. Brown wise." The lawyer shrugged his shoulders. "There was nobody to put Mr. Brown wise to the fact that Mrs. Vandemeyer meant to betray him. Nevertheless, _Mrs. Vandemeyer died without speaking_." Julius was silenced for once, and Sir James added on a lighter note: "I only want to put you on your guard. Good-bye, and good luck. Take no unnecessary risks once the papers are in your hands. If there is any reason to believe that you have been shadowed, destroy them at once. Good luck to you. The game is in your hands now." He shook hands with them both. Ten minutes later the two young men were seated in a first-class carriage _en route_ for Chester. For a long time neither of them spoke. When at length Julius broke the silence, it was with a totally unexpected remark. "Say," he observed thoughtfully, "did you ever make a darned fool of yourself over a girl's face?" Tommy, after a moment's astonishment, searched his mind. "Can't say I have," he replied at last. "Not that I can recollect, anyhow. Why?" "Because for the last two months I've been making a sentimental idiot of myself over Jane! First moment I clapped eyes on her photograph my heart did all the usual stunts you read about in novels. I guess I'm ashamed to admit it, but I came over here determined to find her and fix it all up, and take her back as Mrs. Julius P. Hersheimmer!" "Oh!" said Tommy, amazed. Julius uncrossed his legs brusquely and continued: "Just shows what an almighty fool a man can make of himself! One look at the girl in the flesh, and I was cured!" Feeling more tongue-tied than ever, Tommy ejaculated "Oh!" again. "No disparagement to Jane, mind you," continued the other. "She's a real nice girl, and some fellow will fall in love with her right away." "I thought her a very good-looking girl," said Tommy, finding his tongue. "Sure she is. But she's not like her photo one bit. At least I suppose she is in a way--must be--because I recognized her right off. If I'd seen her in a crowd I'd have said ‘There's a girl whose face I know' right away without any hesitation. But there was something about that photo"--Julius shook his head, and heaved a sigh--"I guess romance is a mighty queer thing!" "It must be," said Tommy coldly, "if you can come over here in love with one girl, and propose to another within a fortnight." Julius had the grace to look discomposed. "Well, you see, I'd got a sort of tired feeling that I'd never find Jane--and that it was all plumb foolishness anyway. And then--oh, well, the French, for instance, are much more sensible in the way they look at things. They keep romance and marriage apart----" Tommy flushed. "Well, I'm damned! If that's----" Julius hastened to interrupt. "Say now, don't be hasty. I don't mean what you mean. I take it Americans have a higher opinion of morality than you have even. What I meant was that the French set about marriage in a businesslike way--find two people who are suited to one another, look after the money affairs, and see the whole thing practically, and in a businesslike spirit." "If you ask me," said Tommy, "we're all too damned businesslike nowadays. We're always saying, ‘Will it pay?' The men are bad enough, and the girls are worse!" "Cool down, son. Don't get so heated." "I feel heated," said Tommy. Julius looked at him and judged it wise to say no more. However, Tommy had plenty of time to cool down before they reached Holyhead, and the cheerful grin had returned to his countenance as they alighted at their destination. After consultation, and with the aid of a road map, they were fairly well agreed as to direction, so were able to hire a taxi without more ado and drive out on the road leading to Treaddur Bay. They instructed the man to go slowly, and watched narrowly so as not to miss the path. They came to it not long after leaving the town, and Tommy stopped the car promptly, asked in a casual tone whether the path led down to the sea, and hearing it did paid off the man in handsome style. A moment later the taxi was slowly chugging back to Holyhead. Tommy and Julius watched it out of sight, and then turned to the narrow path. "It's the right one, I suppose?" asked Tommy doubtfully. "There must be simply heaps along here." "Sure it is. Look at the gorse. Remember what Jane said?" Tommy looked at the swelling hedges of golden blossom which bordered the path on either side, and was convinced. They went down in single file, Julius leading. Twice Tommy turned his head uneasily. Julius looked back. "What is it?" "I don't know. I've got the wind up somehow. Keep fancying there's some one following us." "Can't be," said Julius positively. "We'd see him." Tommy had to admit that this was true. Nevertheless, his sense of uneasiness deepened. In spite of himself he believed in the omniscience of the enemy. "I rather wish that fellow would come along," said Julius. He patted his pocket. "Little William here is just aching for exercise!" "Do you always carry it--him--with you?" inquired Tommy with burning curiosity. "Most always. I guess you never know what might turn up." Tommy kept a respectful silence. He was impressed by little William. It seemed to remove the menace of Mr. Brown farther away. The path was now running along the side of the cliff, parallel to the sea. Suddenly Julius came to such an abrupt halt that Tommy cannoned into him. "What's up?" he inquired. "Look there. If that doesn't beat the band!" Tommy looked. Standing out half obstructing the path was a huge boulder which certainly bore a fanciful resemblance to a "begging" terrier. "Well," said Tommy, refusing to share Julius's emotion, "it's what we expected to see, isn't it?" Julius looked at him sadly and shook his head. "British phlegm! Sure we expected it--but it kind of rattles me, all the same, to see it sitting there just where we expected to find it!" Tommy, whose calm was, perhaps, more assumed than natural, moved his feet impatiently. "Push on. What about the hole?" They scanned the cliff-side narrowly. Tommy heard himself saying idiotically: "The gorse won't be there after all these years." And Julius replied solemnly: "I guess you're right." Tommy suddenly pointed with a shaking hand. "What about that crevice there?" Julius replied in an awestricken voice: "That's it--for sure." They looked at each other. "When I was in France," said Tommy reminiscently, "whenever my batman failed to call me, he always said that he had come over queer. I never believed it. But whether he felt it or not, there _is_ such a sensation. I've got it now! Badly!" He looked at the rock with a kind of agonized passion. "Damn it!" he cried. "It's impossible! Five years! Think of it! Bird's-nesting boys, picnic parties, thousands of people passing! It can't be there! It's a hundred to one against its being there! It's against all reason!" Indeed, he felt it to be impossible--more, perhaps, because he could not believe in his own success where so many others had failed. The thing was too easy, therefore it could not be. The hole would be empty. Julius looked at him with a widening smile. "I guess you're rattled now all right," he drawled with some enjoyment. "Well, here goes!" He thrust his hand into the crevice, and made a slight grimace. "It's a tight fit. Jane's hand must be a few sizes smaller than mine. I don't feel anything--no--say, what's this? Gee whiz!" And with a flourish he waved aloft a small discoloured packet. "It's the goods all right. Sewn up in oilskin. Hold it while I get my penknife." The unbelievable had happened. Tommy held the precious packet tenderly between his hands. They had succeeded! "It's queer," he murmured idly, "you'd think the stitches would have rotted. They look just as good as new." They cut them carefully and ripped away the oilskin. Inside was a small folded sheet of paper. With trembling fingers they unfolded it. The sheet was blank! They stared at each other, puzzled. "A dummy?" hazarded Julius. "Was Danvers just a decoy?" Tommy shook his head. That solution did not satisfy him. Suddenly his face cleared. "I've got it! _Sympathetic ink!_" "You think so?" "Worth trying anyhow. Heat usually does the trick. Get some sticks. We'll make a fire." In a few minutes the little fire of twigs and leaves was blazing merrily. Tommy held the sheet of paper near the glow. The paper curled a little with the heat. Nothing more. Suddenly Julius grasped his arm, and pointed to where characters were appearing in a faint brown colour. "Gee whiz! You've got it! Say, that idea of yours was great. It never occurred to me." Tommy held the paper in position some minutes longer until he judged the heat had done its work. Then he withdrew it. A moment later he uttered a cry. Across the sheet in neat brown printing ran the words: WITH THE COMPLIMENTS OF MR. BROWN. FOR a moment or two they stood staring at each other stupidly, dazed with the shock. Somehow, inexplicably, Mr. Brown had forestalled them. Tommy accepted defeat quietly. Not so Julius. "How in tarnation did he get ahead of us? That's what beats me!" he ended up. Tommy shook his head, and said dully: "It accounts for the stitches being new. We might have guessed...." "Never mind the darned stitches. How did he get ahead of us? We hustled all we knew. It's downright impossible for anyone to get here quicker than we did. And, anyway, how did he know? Do you reckon there was a dictaphone in Jane's room? I guess there must have been." But Tommy's common sense pointed out objections. "No one could have known beforehand that she was going to be in that house--much less that particular room." "That's so," admitted Julius. "Then one of the nurses was a crook and listened at the door. How's that?" "I don't see that it matters anyway," said Tommy wearily. "He may have found out some months ago, and removed the papers, then----No, by Jove, that won't wash! They'd have been published at once." "Sure thing they would! No, some one's got ahead of us to-day by an hour or so. But how they did it gets my goat." "I wish that chap Peel Edgerton had been with us," said Tommy thoughtfully. "Why?" Julius stared. "The mischief was done when we came." "Yes----" Tommy hesitated. He could not explain his own feeling--the illogical idea that the K.C. 's presence would somehow have averted the catastrophe. He reverted to his former point of view. "It's no good arguing about how it was done. The game's up. We've failed. There's only one thing for me to do." "What's that?" "Get back to London as soon as possible. Mr. Carter must be warned. It's only a matter of hours now before the blow falls. But, at any rate, he ought to know the worst." The duty was an unpleasant one, but Tommy had no intention of shirking it. He must report his failure to Mr. Carter. After that his work was done. He took the midnight mail to London. Julius elected to stay the night at Holyhead. Half an hour after arrival, haggard and pale, Tommy stood before his chief. "I've come to report, sir. I've failed--failed badly." Mr. Carter eyed him sharply. "You mean that the treaty----" "Is in the hands of Mr. Brown, sir." "Ah!" said Mr. Carter quietly. The expression on his face did not change, but Tommy caught the flicker of despair in his eyes. It convinced him as nothing else had done that the outlook was hopeless. "Well," said Mr. Carter after a minute or two, "we mustn't sag at the knees, I suppose. I'm glad to know definitely. We must do what we can." Through Tommy's mind flashed the assurance: "It's hopeless, and he knows it's hopeless!" The other looked up at him. "Don't take it to heart, lad," he said kindly. "You did your best. You were up against one of the biggest brains of the century. And you came very near success. Remember that." "Thank you, sir. It's awfully decent of you." "I blame myself. I have been blaming myself ever since I heard this other news." Something in his tone attracted Tommy's attention. A new fear gripped at his heart. "Is there--something more, sir?" "I'm afraid so," said Mr. Carter gravely. He stretched out his hand to a sheet on the table. "Tuppence----?" faltered Tommy. "Read for yourself." The typewritten words danced before his eyes. The description of a green toque, a coat with a handkerchief in the pocket marked P.L.C. He looked an agonized question at Mr. Carter. The latter replied to it: "Washed up on the Yorkshire coast--near Ebury. I'm afraid--it looks very "My God!" gasped Tommy. "_Tuppence!_ Those devils--I'll never rest till I've got even with them! I'll hunt them down! I'll----" The pity on Mr. Carter's face stopped him. "I know what you feel like, my poor boy. But it's no good. You'll waste your strength uselessly. It may sound harsh, but my advice to you is: Cut your losses. Time's merciful. You'll forget." "Forget Tuppence? Never!" Mr. Carter shook his head. "So you think now. Well, it won't bear thinking of--that brave little girl! I'm sorry about the whole business--confoundedly sorry." Tommy came to himself with a start. "I'm taking up your time, sir," he said with an effort. "There's no need for you to blame yourself. I dare say we were a couple of young fools to take on such a job. You warned us all right. But I wish to God I'd been the one to get it in the neck. Good-bye, sir." Back at the _Ritz_, Tommy packed up his few belongings mechanically, his thoughts far away. He was still bewildered by the introduction of tragedy into his cheerful commonplace existence. What fun they had had together, he and Tuppence! And now--oh, he couldn't believe it--it couldn't be true! _Tuppence--dead!_ Little Tuppence, brimming over with life! It was a dream, a horrible dream. Nothing more. They brought him a note, a few kind words of sympathy from Peel Edgerton, who had read the news in the paper. (There had been a large headline: EX-V.A.D. FEARED DROWNED.) The letter ended with the offer of a post on a ranch in the Argentine, where Sir James had considerable interests. "Kind old beggar," muttered Tommy, as he flung it aside. The door opened, and Julius burst in with his usual violence. He held an open newspaper in his hand. "Say, what's all this? They seem to have got some fool idea about Tuppence." "It's true," said Tommy quietly. "You mean they've done her in?" Tommy nodded. "I suppose when they got the treaty she--wasn't any good to them any longer, and they were afraid to let her go." "Well, I'm darned!" said Julius. "Little Tuppence. She sure was the pluckiest little girl----" But suddenly something seemed to crack in Tommy's brain. He rose to his feet. "Oh, get out! You don't really care, damn you! You asked her to marry you in your rotten cold-blooded way, but I _loved_ her. I'd have given the soul out of my body to save her from harm. I'd have stood by without a word and let her marry you, because you could have given her the sort of time she ought to have had, and I was only a poor devil without a penny to bless himself with. But it wouldn't have been because I didn't care!" "See here," began Julius temperately. "Oh, go to the devil! I can't stand your coming here and talking about ‘little Tuppence.' Go and look after your cousin. Tuppence is my girl! I've always loved her, from the time we played together as kids. We grew up and it was just the same. I shall never forget when I was in hospital, and she came in in that ridiculous cap and apron! It was like a miracle to see the girl I loved turn up in a nurse's kit----" But Julius interrupted him. "A nurse's kit! Gee whiz! I must be going to Colney Hatch! I could swear I've seen Jane in a nurse's cap too. And that's plumb impossible! No, by gum, I've got it! It was her I saw talking to Whittington at that nursing home in Bournemouth. She wasn't a patient there! She was a nurse!" "I dare say," said Tommy angrily, "she's probably been in with them from the start. I shouldn't wonder if she stole those papers from Danvers to begin with." "I'm darned if she did!" shouted Julius. "She's my cousin, and as patriotic a girl as ever stepped." "I don't care a damn what she is, but get out of here!" retorted Tommy also at the top of his voice. The young men were on the point of coming to blows. But suddenly, with an almost magical abruptness, Julius's anger abated. "All right, son," he said quietly, "I'm going. I don't blame you any for what you've been saying. It's mighty lucky you did say it. I've been the most almighty blithering darned idiot that it's possible to imagine. Calm down"--Tommy had made an impatient gesture--"I'm going right away now--going to the London and North Western Railway depot, if you want to know." "I don't care a damn where you're going," growled Tommy. As the door closed behind Julius, he returned to his suit-case. "That's the lot," he murmured, and rang the bell. "Take my luggage down." "Yes, sir. Going away, sir?" "I'm going to the devil," said Tommy, regardless of the menial's feelings. That functionary, however, merely replied respectfully: "Yes, sir. Shall I call a taxi?" Tommy nodded. Where was he going? He hadn't the faintest idea. Beyond a fixed determination to get even with Mr. Brown he had no plans. He re-read Sir James's letter, and shook his head. Tuppence must be avenged. Still, it was kind of the old fellow. "Better answer it, I suppose." He went across to the writing-table. With the usual perversity of bedroom stationery, there were innumerable envelopes and no paper. He rang. No one came. Tommy fumed at the delay. Then he remembered that there was a good supply in Julius's sitting-room. The American had announced his immediate departure, there would be no fear of running up against him. Besides, he wouldn't mind if he did. He was beginning to be rather ashamed of the things he had said. Old Julius had taken them jolly well. He'd apologize if he found him there. But the room was deserted. Tommy walked across to the writing-table, and opened the middle drawer. A photograph, carelessly thrust in face upwards, caught his eye. For a moment he stood rooted to the ground. Then he took it out, shut the drawer, walked slowly over to an arm-chair, and sat down still staring at the photograph in his hand. What on earth was a photograph of the French girl Annette doing in Julius Hersheimmer's writing-table? THE Prime Minister tapped the desk in front of him with nervous fingers. His face was worn and harassed. He took up his conversation with Mr. Carter at the point it had broken off. "I don't understand," he said. "Do you really mean that things are not so desperate after all?" "So this lad seems to think." "Let's have a look at his letter again." Mr. Carter handed it over. It was written in a sprawling boyish hand. "DEAR MR. CARTER, "Something's turned up that has given me a jar. Of course I may be simply making an awful ass of myself, but I don't think so. If my conclusions are right, that girl at Manchester was just a plant. The whole thing was prearranged, sham packet and all, with the object of making us think the game was up--therefore I fancy that we must have been pretty hot on the scent. "I think I know who the real Jane Finn is, and I've even got an idea where the papers are. That last's only a guess, of course, but I've a sort of feeling it'll turn out right. Anyhow, I enclose it in a sealed envelope for what it's worth. I'm going to ask you not to open it until the very last moment, midnight on the 28th, in fact. You'll understand why in a minute. You see, I've figured it out that those things of Tuppence's are a plant too, and she's no more drowned than I am. The way I reason is this: as a last chance they'll let Jane Finn escape in the hope that she's been shamming this memory stunt, and that once she thinks she's free she'll go right away to the cache. Of course it's an awful risk for them to take, because she knows all about them--but they're pretty desperate to get hold of that treaty. _But if they know that the papers have been recovered by us_, neither of those two girls' lives will be worth an hour's purchase. I must try and get hold of Tuppence before Jane escapes. "I want a repeat of that telegram that was sent to Tuppence at the _Ritz_. Sir James Peel Edgerton said you would be able to manage that for me. He's frightfully clever. "One last thing--please have that house in Soho watched day and night. "Yours, etc., "THOMAS BERESFORD." The Prime Minister looked up. "The enclosure?" Mr. Carter smiled dryly. "In the vaults of the Bank. I am taking no chances." "You don't think"--the Prime Minister hesitated a minute--"that it would be better to open it now? Surely we ought to secure the document, that is, provided the young man's guess turns out to be correct, at once. We can keep the fact of having done so quite secret." "Can we? I'm not so sure. There are spies all round us. Once it's known I wouldn't give that"--he snapped his fingers--"for the life of those two girls. No, the boy trusted me, and I shan't let him down." "Well, well, we must leave it at that, then. What's he like, this lad?" "Outwardly, he's an ordinary clean-limbed, rather block-headed young Englishman. Slow in his mental processes. On the other hand, it's quite impossible to lead him astray through his imagination. He hasn't got any--so he's difficult to deceive. He worries things out slowly, and once he's got hold of anything he doesn't let go. The little lady's quite different. More intuition and less common sense. They make a pretty pair working together. Pace and stamina." "He seems confident," mused the Prime Minister. "Yes, and that's what gives me hope. He's the kind of diffident youth who would have to be _very_ sure before he ventured an opinion at all." A half smile came to the other's lips. "And it is this--boy who will defeat the master criminal of our time?" "This--boy, as you say! But I sometimes fancy I see a shadow behind." "You mean?" "Peel Edgerton." "Peel Edgerton?" said the Prime Minister in astonishment. "Yes. I see his hand in _this_." He struck the open letter. "He's there--working in the dark, silently, unobtrusively. I've always felt that if anyone was to run Mr. Brown to earth, Peel Edgerton would be the man. I tell you he's on the case now, but doesn't want it known. By the way, I got rather an odd request from him the other day." "Yes?" "He sent me a cutting from some American paper. It referred to a man's body found near the docks in New York about three weeks ago. He asked me to collect any information on the subject I could." "Well?" Carter shrugged his shoulders. "I couldn't get much. Young fellow about thirty-five--poorly dressed--face very badly disfigured. He was never identified." "And you fancy that the two matters are connected in some way?" "Somehow I do. I may be wrong, of course." There was a pause, then Mr. Carter continued: "I asked him to come round here. Not that we'll get anything out of him he doesn't want to tell. His legal instincts are too strong. But there's no doubt he can throw light on one or two obscure points in young Beresford's letter. Ah, here he is!" The two men rose to greet the new-comer. A half whimsical thought flashed across the Premier's mind. "My successor, perhaps!" "We've had a letter from young Beresford," said Mr. Carter, coming to the point at once. "You've seen him, I suppose?" "You suppose wrong," said the lawyer. "Oh!" Mr. Carter was a little nonplussed. Sir James smiled, and stroked his chin. "He rang me up," he volunteered. "Would you have any objection to telling us exactly what passed between you?" "Not at all. He thanked me for a certain letter which I had written to him--as a matter of fact, I had offered him a job. Then he reminded me of something I had said to him at Manchester respecting that bogus telegram which lured Miss Cowley away. I asked him if anything untoward had occurred. He said it had--that in a drawer in Mr. Hersheimmer's room he had discovered a photograph." The lawyer paused, then continued: "I asked him if the photograph bore the name and address of a Californian photographer. He replied: ‘You're on to it, sir. It had.' Then he went on to tell me something I _didn't_ know. The original of that photograph was the French girl, Annette, who saved his life." "What?" "Exactly. I asked the young man with some curiosity what he had done with the photograph. He replied that he had put it back where he found it." The lawyer paused again. "That was good, you know--distinctly good. He can use his brains, that young fellow. I congratulated him. The discovery was a providential one. Of course, from the moment that the girl in Manchester was proved to be a plant everything was altered. Young Beresford saw that for himself without my having to tell it him. But he felt he couldn't trust his judgment on the subject of Miss Cowley. Did I think she was alive? I told him, duly weighing the evidence, that there was a very decided chance in favour of it. That brought us back to the telegram." "Yes?" "I advised him to apply to you for a copy of the original wire. It had occurred to me as probable that, after Miss Cowley flung it on the floor, certain words might have been erased and altered with the express intention of setting searchers on a false trail." Carter nodded. He took a sheet from his pocket, and read aloud: "Come at once, Astley Priors, Gatehouse, Kent. Great developments--TOMMY." "Very simple," said Sir James, "and very ingenious. Just a few words to alter, and the thing was done. And the one important clue they overlooked." "What was that?" "The page-boy's statement that Miss Cowley drove to Charing Cross. They were so sure of themselves that they took it for granted he had made a mistake." "Then young Beresford is now?" "At Gatehouse, Kent, unless I am much mistaken." Mr. Carter looked at him curiously. "I rather wonder you're not there too, Peel Edgerton?" "Ah, I'm busy on a case." "I thought you were on your holiday?" "Oh, I've not been briefed. Perhaps it would be more correct to say I'm preparing a case. Any more facts about that American chap for me?" "I'm afraid not. Is it important to find out who he was?" "Oh, I know who he was," said Sir James easily. "I can't prove it yet--but I know." The other two asked no questions. They had an instinct that it would be mere waste of breath. "But what I don't understand," said the Prime-Minister suddenly, "is how that photograph came to be in Mr. Hersheimmer's drawer?" "Perhaps it never left it," suggested the lawyer gently. "But the bogus inspector? Inspector Brown?" "Ah!" said Sir James thoughtfully. He rose to his feet. "I mustn't keep you. Go on with the affairs of the nation. I must get back to--my case." Two days later Julius Hersheimmer returned from Manchester. A note from Tommy lay on his table: "DEAR HERSHEIMMER, "Sorry I lost my temper. In case I don't see you again, good-bye. I've been offered a job in the Argentine, and might as well take it. "Yours, "TOMMY BERESFORD." A peculiar smile lingered for a moment on Julius's face. He threw the letter into the waste-paper basket. "The darned fool!" he murmured. AFTER ringing up Sir James, Tommy's next procedure was to make a call at South Audley Mansions. He found Albert discharging his professional duties, and introduced himself without more ado as a friend of Tuppence's. Albert unbent immediately. "Things has been very quiet here lately," he said wistfully. "Hope the young lady's keeping well, sir?" "That's just the point, Albert. She's disappeared." "You don't mean as the crooks have got her?" "They have." "In the Underworld?" "No, dash it all, in this world!" "It's a h'expression, sir," explained Albert. "At the pictures the crooks always have a restoorant in the Underworld. But do you think as they've done her in, sir?" "I hope not. By the way, have you by any chance an aunt, a cousin, a grandmother, or any other suitable female relation who might be represented as being likely to kick the bucket?" A delighted grin spread slowly over Albert's countenance. "I'm on, sir. My poor aunt what lives in the country has been mortal bad for a long time, and she's asking for me with her dying breath." Tommy nodded approval. "Can you report this in the proper quarter and meet me at Charing Cross in an hour's time?" "I'll be there, sir. You can count on me." As Tommy had judged, the faithful Albert proved an invaluable ally. The two took up their quarters at the inn in Gatehouse. To Albert fell the task of collecting information. There was no difficulty about it. Astley Priors was the property of a Dr. Adams. The doctor no longer practiced, had retired, the landlord believed, but he took a few private patients--here the good fellow tapped his forehead knowingly--"balmy ones! You understand!" The doctor was a popular figure in the village, subscribed freely to all the local sports--"a very pleasant, affable gentleman." Been there long? Oh, a matter of ten years or so--might be longer. Scientific gentleman, he was. Professors and people often came down from town to see him. Anyway, it was a gay house, always visitors. In the face of all this volubility, Tommy felt doubts. Was it possible that this genial, well-known figure could be in reality a dangerous criminal? His life seemed so open and aboveboard. No hint of sinister doings. Suppose it was all a gigantic mistake? Tommy felt a cold chill at the thought. Then he remembered the private patients--"balmy ones." He inquired carefully if there was a young lady amongst them, describing Tuppence. But nothing much seemed to be known about the patients--they were seldom seen outside the grounds. A guarded description of Annette also failed to provoke recognition. Astley Priors was a pleasant red-brick edifice, surrounded by well-wooded grounds which effectually shielded the house from observation from the road. On the first evening Tommy, accompanied by Albert, explored the grounds. Owing to Albert's insistence they dragged themselves along painfully on their stomachs, thereby producing a great deal more noise than if they had stood upright. In any case, these precautions were totally unnecessary. The grounds, like those of any other private house after nightfall, seemed untenanted. Tommy had imagined a possible fierce watchdog. Albert's fancy ran to a puma, or a tame cobra. But they reached a shrubbery near the house quite unmolested. The blinds of the dining-room window were up. There was a large company assembled round the table. The port was passing from hand to hand. It seemed a normal, pleasant company. Through the open window scraps of conversation floated out disjointedly on the night air. It was a heated discussion on county cricket! Again Tommy felt that cold chill of uncertainty. It seemed impossible to believe that these people were other than they seemed. Had he been fooled once more? The fair-bearded, spectacled gentleman who sat at the head of the table looked singularly honest and normal. Tommy slept badly that night. The following morning the indefatigable Albert, having cemented an alliance with the greengrocer's boy, took the latter's place and ingratiated himself with the cook at Malthouse. He returned with the information that she was undoubtedly "one of the crooks," but Tommy mistrusted the vividness of his imagination. Questioned, he could adduce nothing in support of his statement except his own opinion that she wasn't the usual kind. You could see that at a glance. The substitution being repeated (much to the pecuniary advantage of the real greengrocer's boy) on the following day, Albert brought back the first piece of hopeful news. There _was_ a French young lady staying in the house. Tommy put his doubts aside. Here was confirmation of his theory. But time pressed. To-day was the 27th. The 29th was the much-talked-of "Labour Day," about which all sorts of rumours were running riot. Newspapers were getting agitated. Sensational hints of a Labour _coup d'état_ were freely reported. The Government said nothing. It knew and was prepared. There were rumours of dissension among the Labour leaders. They were not of one mind. The more far-seeing among them realized that what they proposed might well be a death-blow to the England that at heart they loved. They shrank from the starvation and misery a general strike would entail, and were But behind them were subtle, insistent forces at work, urging the memories of old wrongs, deprecating the weakness of half-and-half measures, fomenting misunderstandings. Tommy felt that, thanks to Mr. Carter, he understood the position fairly accurately. With the fatal document in the hands of Mr. Brown, public opinion would swing to the side of the Labour extremists and revolutionists. Failing that, the battle was an even chance. The Government with a loyal army and police force behind them might win--but at a cost of great suffering. But Tommy nourished another and a preposterous dream. With Mr. Brown unmasked and captured he believed, rightly or wrongly, that the whole organization would crumble ignominiously and instantaneously. The strange permeating influence of the unseen chief held it together. Without him, Tommy believed an instant panic would set in; and, the honest men left to themselves, an eleventh-hour reconciliation would be possible. "This is a one-man show," said Tommy to himself. "The thing to do is to get hold of the man." It was partly in furtherance of this ambitious design that he had requested Mr. Carter not to open the sealed envelope. The draft treaty was Tommy's bait. Every now and then he was aghast at his own presumption. How dared he think that he had discovered what so many wiser and clever men had overlooked? Nevertheless, he stuck tenaciously to his idea. That evening he and Albert once more penetrated the grounds of Astley Priors. Tommy's ambition was somehow or other to gain admission to the house itself. As they approached cautiously, Tommy gave a sudden gasp. On the second floor window some one standing between the window and the light in the room threw a silhouette on the blind. It was one Tommy would have recognized anywhere! Tuppence was in that house! He clutched Albert by the shoulder. "Stay here! When I begin to sing, watch that window." He retreated hastily to a position on the main drive, and began in a deep roar, coupled with an unsteady gait, the following ditty: I am a Soldier A jolly British Soldier; You can see that I'm a Soldier by my feet.... It had been a favourite on the gramophone in Tuppence's hospital days. He did not doubt but that she would recognize it and draw her own conclusions. Tommy had not a note of music in his voice, but his lungs were excellent. The noise he produced was terrific. Presently an unimpeachable butler, accompanied by an equally unimpeachable footman, issued from the front door. The butler remonstrated with him. Tommy continued to sing, addressing the butler affectionately as "dear old whiskers." The footman took him by one arm, the butler by the other. They ran him down the drive, and neatly out of the gate. The butler threatened him with the police if he intruded again. It was beautifully done--soberly and with perfect decorum. Anyone would have sworn that the butler was a real butler, the footman a real footman--only, as it happened, the butler was Whittington! Tommy retired to the inn and waited for Albert's return. At last that worthy made his appearance. "Well?" cried Tommy eagerly. "It's all right. While they was a-running of you out the window opened, and something was chucked out." He handed a scrap of paper to Tommy. "It was wrapped round a letterweight." On the paper were scrawled three words: "To-morrow--same time." "Good egg!" cried Tommy. "We're getting going." "I wrote a message on a piece of paper, wrapped it round a stone, and chucked it through the window," continued Albert breathlessly. Tommy groaned. "Your zeal will be the undoing of us, Albert. What did you say?" "Said we was a-staying at the inn. If she could get away, to come there and croak like a frog." "She'll know that's you," said Tommy with a sigh of relief. "Your imagination runs away with you, you know, Albert. Why, you wouldn't recognize a frog croaking if you heard it." Albert looked rather crest-fallen. "Cheer up," said Tommy. "No harm done. That butler's an old friend of mine--I bet he knew who I was, though he didn't let on. It's not their game to show suspicion. That's why we've found it fairly plain sailing. They don't want to discourage me altogether. On the other hand, they don't want to make it too easy. I'm a pawn in their game, Albert, that's what I am. You see, if the spider lets the fly walk out too easily, the fly might suspect it was a put-up job. Hence the usefulness of that promising youth, Mr. T. Beresford, who's blundered in just at the right moment for them. But later, Mr. T. Beresford had better look out!" Tommy retired for the night in a state of some elation. He had elaborated a careful plan for the following evening. He felt sure that the inhabitants of Astley Priors would not interfere with him up to a certain point. It was after that that Tommy proposed to give them a surprise. About twelve o'clock, however, his calm was rudely shaken. He was told that some one was demanding him in the bar. The applicant proved to be a rude-looking carter well coated with mud. "Well, my good fellow, what is it?" asked Tommy. "Might this be for you, sir?" The carter held out a very dirty folded note, on the outside of which was written: "Take this to the gentleman at the inn near Astley Priors. He will give you ten shillings." The handwriting was Tuppence's. Tommy appreciated her quick-wittedness in realizing that he might be staying at the inn under an assumed name. He snatched at it. "That's all right." The man withheld it. "What about my ten shillings?" Tommy hastily produced a ten-shilling note, and the man relinquished his find. Tommy unfastened it. "DEAR TOMMY, "I knew it was you last night. Don't go this evening. They'll be lying in wait for you. They're taking us away this morning. I heard something about Wales--Holyhead, I think. I'll drop this on the road if I get a chance. Annette told me how you'd escaped. Buck up. "Yours, "TWOPENCE." Tommy raised a shout for Albert before he had even finished perusing this characteristic epistle. "Pack my bag! We're off!" "Yes, sir." The boots of Albert could be heard racing upstairs. Holyhead? Did that mean that, after all---- Tommy was puzzled. He read on slowly. The boots of Albert continued to be active on the floor above. Suddenly a second shout came from below. "Albert! I'm a damned fool! Unpack that bag!" "Yes, sir." Tommy smoothed out the note thoughtfully. "Yes, a damned fool," he said softly. "But so's some one else! And at last I know who it is!" IN his suite at Claridge's, Kramenin reclined on a couch and dictated to his secretary in sibilant Russian. Presently the telephone at the secretary's elbow purred, and he took up the receiver, spoke for a minute or two, then turned to his employer. "Some one below is asking for you." "Who is it?" "He gives the name of Mr. Julius P. Hersheimmer." "Hersheimmer," repeated Kramenin thoughtfully. "I have heard that name before." "His father was one of the steel kings of America," explained the secretary, whose business it was to know everything. "This young man must be a millionaire several times over." The other's eyes narrowed appreciatively. "You had better go down and see him, Ivan. Find out what he wants." The secretary obeyed, closing the door noiselessly behind him. In a few minutes he returned. "He declines to state his business--says it is entirely private and personal, and that he must see you." "A millionaire several times over," murmured Kramenin. "Bring him up, my dear Ivan." The secretary left the room once more, and returned escorting Julius. "Monsieur Kramenin?" said the latter abruptly. The Russian, studying him attentively with his pale venomous eyes, bowed. "Pleased to meet you," said the American. "I've got some very important business I'd like to talk over with you, if I can see you alone." He looked pointedly at the other. "My secretary, Monsieur Grieber, from whom I have no secrets." "That may be so--but I have," said Julius dryly. "So I'd be obliged if you'd tell him to scoot." "Ivan," said the Russian softly, "perhaps you would not mind retiring into the next room----" "The next room won't do," interrupted Julius. "I know these ducal suites--and I want this one plumb empty except for you and me. Send him round to a store to buy a penn'orth of peanuts." Though not particularly enjoying the American's free and easy manner of speech, Kramenin was devoured by curiosity. "Will your business take long to state?" "Might be an all night job if you caught on." "Very good, Ivan. I shall not require you again this evening. Go to the theatre--take a night off." "Thank you, your excellency." The secretary bowed and departed. Julius stood at the door watching his retreat. Finally, with a satisfied sigh, he closed it, and came back to his position in the centre of the room. "Now, Mr. Hersheimmer, perhaps you will be so kind as to come to the point?" "I guess that won't take a minute," drawled Julius. Then, with an abrupt change of manner: "Hands up--or I shoot!" For a moment Kramenin stared blindly into the big automatic, then, with almost comical haste, he flung up his hands above his head. In that instant Julius had taken his measure. The man he had to deal with was an abject physical coward--the rest would be easy. "This is an outrage," cried the Russian in a high hysterical voice. "An outrage! Do you mean to kill me?" "Not if you keep your voice down. Don't go edging sideways towards that bell. That's better." "What do you want? Do nothing rashly. Remember my life is of the utmost value to my country. I may have been maligned----" "I reckon," said Julius, "that the man who let daylight into you would be doing humanity a good turn. But you needn't worry any. I'm not proposing to kill you this trip--that is, if you're reasonable." The Russian quailed before the stern menace in the other's eyes. He passed his tongue over his dry lips. "What do you want? Money?" "No. I want Jane Finn." "Jane Finn? I--never heard of her!" "You're a darned liar! You know perfectly who I mean." "I tell you I've never heard of the girl." "And I tell you," retorted Julius, "that Little Willie here is just hopping mad to go off!" The Russian wilted visibly. "You wouldn't dare----" "Oh, yes, I would, son!" Kramenin must have recognized something in the voice that carried conviction, for he said sullenly: "Well? Granted I do know who you mean--what of it?" "You will tell me now--right here--where she is to be found." Kramenin shook his head. "I daren't." "Why not?" "I daren't. You ask an impossibility." "Afraid, eh? Of whom? Mr. Brown? Ah, that tickles you up! There is such a person, then? I doubted it. And the mere mention of him scares you stiff!" "I have seen him," said the Russian slowly. "Spoken to him face to face. I did not know it until afterwards. He was one of a crowd. I should not know him again. Who is he really? I do not know. But I know this--he is a man to fear." "He'll never know," said Julius. "He knows everything--and his vengeance is swift. Even I--Kramenin!--would not be exempt!" "Then you won't do as I ask you?" "You ask an impossibility." "Sure that's a pity for you," said Julius cheerfully. "But the world in general will benefit." He raised the revolver. "Stop," shrieked the Russian. "You cannot mean to shoot me?" "Of course I do. I've always heard you Revolutionists held life cheap, but it seems there's a difference when it's your own life in question. I gave you just one chance of saving your dirty skin, and that you wouldn't take!" "They would kill me!" "Well," said Julius pleasantly, "it's up to you. But I'll just say this. Little Willie here is a dead cert, and if I was you I'd take a sporting chance with Mr. Brown!" "You will hang if you shoot me," muttered the Russian irresolutely. "No, stranger, that's where you're wrong. You forget the dollars. A big crowd of solicitors will get busy, and they'll get some high-brow doctors on the job, and the end of it all will be that they'll say my brain was unhinged. I shall spend a few months in a quiet sanatorium, my mental health will improve, the doctors will declare me sane again, and all will end happily for little Julius. I guess I can bear a few months' retirement in order to rid the world of you, but don't you kid yourself I'll hang for it!" The Russian believed him. Corrupt himself, he believed implicitly in the power of money. He had read of American murder trials running much on the lines indicated by Julius. He had bought and sold justice himself. This virile young American, with the significant drawling voice, had the whip hand of him. "I'm going to count five," continued Julius, "and I guess, if you let me get past four, you needn't worry any about Mr. Brown. Maybe he'll send some flowers to the funeral, but _you_ won't smell them! Are you ready? I'll begin. One--two--three--four----" The Russian interrupted with a shriek: "Do not shoot. I will do all you wish." Julius lowered the revolver. "I thought you'd hear sense. Where is the girl?" "At Gatehouse, in Kent. Astley Priors, the place is called." "Is she a prisoner there?" "She's not allowed to leave the house--though it's safe enough really. The little fool has lost her memory, curse her!" "That's been annoying for you and your friends, I reckon. What about the other girl, the one you decoyed away over a week ago?" "She's there too," said the Russian sullenly. "That's good," said Julius. "Isn't it all panning out beautifully? And a lovely night for the run!" "What run?" demanded Kramenin, with a stare. "Down to Gatehouse, sure. I hope you're fond of motoring?" "What do you mean? I refuse to go." "Now don't get mad. You must see I'm not such a kid as to leave you here. You'd ring up your friends on that telephone first thing! Ah!" He observed the fall on the other's face. "You see, you'd got it all fixed. No, sir, you're coming along with me. This your bedroom next door here? Walk right in. Little Willie and I will come behind. Put on a thick coat, that's right. Fur lined? And you a Socialist! Now we're ready. We walk downstairs and out through the hall to where my car's waiting. And don't you forget I've got you covered every inch of the way. I can shoot just as well through my coat pocket. One word, or a glance even, at one of those liveried menials, and there'll sure be a strange face in the Sulphur and Brimstone Works!" Together they descended the stairs, and passed out to the waiting car. The Russian was shaking with rage. The hotel servants surrounded them. A cry hovered on his lips, but at the last minute his nerve failed him. The American was a man of his word. When they reached the car, Julius breathed a sigh of relief. The danger-zone was passed. Fear had successfully hypnotized the man by his side. "Get in," he ordered. Then as he caught the other's sidelong glance, "No, the chauffeur won't help you any. Naval man. Was on a submarine in Russia when the Revolution broke out. A brother of his was murdered by your people. George!" "Yes, sir?" The chauffeur turned his head. "This gentleman is a Russian Bolshevik. We don't want to shoot him, but it may be necessary. You understand?" "Perfectly, sir." "I want to go to Gatehouse in Kent. Know the road at all?" "Yes, sir, it will be about an hour and a half's run." "Make it an hour. I'm in a hurry." "I'll do my best, sir." The car shot forward through the traffic. Julius ensconced himself comfortably by the side of his victim. He kept his hand in the pocket of his coat, but his manner was urbane to the last degree. "There was a man I shot once in Arizona----" he began cheerfully. At the end of the hour's run the unfortunate Kramenin was more dead than alive. In succession to the anecdote of the Arizona man, there had been a tough from ‘Frisco, and an episode in the Rockies. Julius's narrative style, if not strictly accurate, was picturesque! Slowing down, the chauffeur called over his shoulder that they were just coming into Gatehouse. Julius bade the Russian direct them. His plan was to drive straight up to the house. There Kramenin was to ask for the two girls. Julius explained to him that Little Willie would not be tolerant of failure. Kramenin, by this time, was as putty in the other's hands. The terrific pace they had come had still further unmanned him. He had given himself up for dead at every corner. The car swept up the drive, and stopped before the porch. The chauffeur looked round for orders. "Turn the car first, George. Then ring the bell, and get back to your place. Keep the engine going, and be ready to scoot like hell when I give the word." "Very good, sir." The front door was opened by the butler. Kramenin felt the muzzle of the revolver pressed against his ribs. "Now," hissed Julius. "And be careful." The Russian beckoned. His lips were white, and his voice was not very steady: "It is I--Kramenin! Bring down the girl at once! There is no time to lose!" Whittington had come down the steps. He uttered an exclamation of astonishment at seeing the other. "You! What's up? Surely you know the plan----" Kramenin interrupted him, using the words that have created many unnecessary panics: "We have been betrayed! Plans must be abandoned. We must save our own skins. The girl! And at once! It's our only chance." Whittington hesitated, but for hardly a moment. "You have orders--from _him?_" "Naturally! Should I be here otherwise? Hurry! There is no time to be lost. The other little fool had better come too." Whittington turned and ran back into the house. The agonizing minutes went by. Then--two figures hastily huddled in cloaks appeared on the steps and were hustled into the car. The smaller of the two was inclined to resist and Whittington shoved her in unceremoniously. Julius leaned forward, and in doing so the light from the open door lit up his face. Another man on the steps behind Whittington gave a startled exclamation. Concealment was at an end. "Get a move on, George," shouted Julius. The chauffeur slipped in his clutch, and with a bound the car started. The man on the steps uttered an oath. His hand went to his pocket. There was a flash and a report. The bullet just missed the taller girl by an inch. "Get down, Jane," cried Julius. "Flat on the bottom of the car." He thrust her sharply forward, then standing up, he took careful aim and fired. "Have you hit him?" cried Tuppence eagerly. "Sure," replied Julius. "He isn't killed, though. Skunks like that take a lot of killing. Are you all right, Tuppence?" "Of course I am. Where's Tommy? And who's this?" She indicated the shivering Kramenin. "Tommy's making tracks for the Argentine. I guess he thought you'd turned up your toes. Steady through the gate, George! That's right. It'll take ‘em at least five minutes to get busy after us. They'll use the telephone, I guess, so look out for snares ahead--and don't take the direct route. Who's this, did you say, Tuppence? Let me present Monsieur Kramenin. I persuaded him to come on the trip for his health." The Russian remained mute, still livid with terror. "But what made them let us go?" demanded Tuppence suspiciously. "I reckon Monsieur Kramenin here asked them so prettily they just couldn't refuse!" This was too much for the Russian. He burst out vehemently: "Curse you--curse you! They know now that I betrayed them. My life won't be safe for an hour in this country." "That's so," assented Julius. "I'd advise you to make tracks for Russia right away." "Let me go, then," cried the other. "I have done what you asked. Why do you still keep me with you?" "Not for the pleasure of your company. I guess you can get right off now if you want to. I thought you'd rather I tooled you back to London." "You may never reach London," snarled the other. "Let me go here and now." "Sure thing. Pull up, George. The gentleman's If I ever come to Russia, Monsieur Kramenin, I shall expect a rousing welcome, and----" But before Julius had finished his speech, and before the car had finally halted, the Russian had swung himself out and disappeared into the night. "Just a mite impatient to leave us," commented Julius, as the car gathered way again. "And no idea of saying good-bye politely to the ladies. Say, Jane, you can get up on the seat now." For the first time the girl spoke. "How did you ‘persuade' him?" she asked. Julius tapped his revolver. "Little Willie here takes the credit!" "Splendid!" cried the girl. The colour surged into her face, her eyes looked admiringly at Julius. "Annette and I didn't know what was going to happen to us," said Tuppence. "Old Whittington hurried us off. _We_ thought it was lambs to the slaughter." "Annette," said Julius. "Is that what you call her?" His mind seemed to be trying to adjust itself to a new idea. "It's her name," said Tuppence, opening her eyes very wide. "Shucks!" retorted Julius. "She may think it's her name, because her memory's gone, poor kid. But it's the one real and original Jane Finn we've got here." "What?" cried Tuppence. But she was interrupted. With an angry spurt, a bullet embedded itself in the upholstery of the car just behind her head. "Down with you," cried Julius. "It's an ambush. These guys have got busy pretty quickly. Push her a bit, George." The car fairly leapt forward. Three more shots rang out, but went happily wide. Julius, upright, leant over the back of the car. "Nothing to shoot at," he announced gloomily. "But I guess there'll be another little picnic soon. Ah!" He raised his hand to his cheek. "You are hurt?" said Annette quickly. "Only a scratch." The girl sprang to her feet. "Let me out! Let me out, I say! Stop the car. It is me they're after. I'm the one they want. You shall not lose your lives because of me. Let me go." She was fumbling with the fastenings of the door. Julius took her by both arms, and looked at her. She had spoken with no trace of foreign accent. "Sit down, kid," he said gently. "I guess there's nothing wrong with your memory. Been fooling them all the time, eh?" The girl looked at him, nodded, and then suddenly burst into tears. Julius patted her on the shoulder. "There, there--just you sit tight. We're not going to let you quit." Through her sobs the girl said indistinctly: "You're from home. I can tell by your voice. It makes me home-sick." "Sure I'm from home. I'm your cousin--Julius Hersheimmer. I came over to Europe on purpose to find you--and a pretty dance you've led me." The car slackened speed. George spoke over his shoulder: "Cross-roads here, sir. I'm not sure of the way." The car slowed down till it hardly moved. As it did so a figure climbed suddenly over the back, and plunged head first into the midst of them. "Sorry," said Tommy, extricating himself. A mass of confused exclamations greeted him. He replied to them severally: "Was in the bushes by the drive. Hung on behind. Couldn't let you know before at the pace you were going. It was all I could do to hang on. Now then, you girls, get out!" "Get out?" "Yes. There's a station just up that road. Train due in three minutes. You'll catch it if you hurry." "What the devil are you driving at?" demanded Julius. "Do you think you can fool them by leaving the car?" "You and I aren't going to leave the car. Only the girls." "You're crazed, Beresford. Stark staring mad! You can't let those girls go off alone. It'll be the end of it if you do." Tommy turned to Tuppence. "Get out at once, Tuppence. Take her with you, and do just as I say. No one will do you any harm. You're safe. Take the train to London. Go straight to Sir James Peel Edgerton. Mr. Carter lives out of town, but you'll be safe with him." "Darn you!" cried Julius. "You're mad. Jane, you stay where you are." With a sudden swift movement, Tommy snatched the revolver from Julius's hand, and levelled it at him. "Now will you believe I'm in earnest? Get out, both of you, and do as I say--or I'll shoot!" Tuppence sprang out, dragging the unwilling Jane after her. "Come on, it's all right. If Tommy's sure--he's sure. Be quick. We'll miss the train." They started running. Julius's pent-up rage burst forth. "What the hell----" Tommy interrupted him. "Dry up! I want a few words with you, Mr. Julius Hersheimmer." HER arm through Jane's, dragging her along, Tuppence reached the station. Her quick ears caught the sound of the approaching train. "Hurry up," she panted, "or we'll miss it." They arrived on the platform just as the train came to a standstill. Tuppence opened the door of an empty first-class compartment, and the two girls sank down breathless on the padded seats. A man looked in, then passed on to the next carriage. Jane started nervously. Her eyes dilated with terror. She looked questioningly at Tuppence. "Is he one of them, do you think?" she breathed. Tuppence shook her head. "No, no. It's all right." She took Jane's hand in hers. "Tommy wouldn't have told us to do this unless he was sure we'd be all right." "But he doesn't know them as I do!" The girl shivered. "You can't understand. Five years! Five long years! Sometimes I thought I should go mad." "Never mind. It's all over." "Is it?" The train was moving now, speeding through the night at a gradually increasing rate. Suddenly Jane Finn started up. "What was that? I thought I saw a face--looking in through the window." "No, there's nothing. See." Tuppence went to the window, and lifting the strap let the pane down. "You're sure?" "Quite sure." The other seemed to feel some excuse was necessary: "I guess I'm acting like a frightened rabbit, but I can't help it. If they caught me now they'd----" Her eyes opened wide and staring. "_Don't!_" implored Tuppence. "Lie back, and _don't think_. You can be quite sure that Tommy wouldn't have said it was safe if it wasn't." "My cousin didn't think so. He didn't want us to do this." "No," said Tuppence, rather embarrassed. "What are you thinking of?" said Jane sharply. "Why?" "Your voice was so--queer!" "I _was_ thinking of something," confessed Tuppence. "But I don't want to tell you--not now. I may be wrong, but I don't think so. It's just an idea that came into my head a long time ago. Tommy's got it too--I'm almost sure he has. But don't _you_ worry--there'll be time enough for that later. And it mayn't be so at all! Do what I tell you--lie back and don't think of anything." "I'll try." The long lashes drooped over the hazel eyes. Tuppence, for her part, sat bolt upright--much in the attitude of a watchful terrier on guard. In spite of herself she was nervous. Her eyes flashed continually from one window to the other. She noted the exact position of the communication cord. What it was that she feared, she would have been hard put to it to say. But in her own mind she was far from feeling the confidence displayed in her words. Not that she disbelieved in Tommy, but occasionally she was shaken with doubts as to whether anyone so simple and honest as he was could ever be a match for the fiendish subtlety of the arch-criminal. If they once reached Sir James Peel Edgerton in safety, all would be well. But would they reach him? Would not the silent forces of Mr. Brown already be assembling against them? Even that last picture of Tommy, revolver in hand, failed to comfort her. By now he might be overpowered, borne down by sheer force of numbers.... Tuppence mapped out her plan of campaign. As the train at length drew slowly into Charing Cross, Jane Finn sat up with a start. "Have we arrived? I never thought we should!" "Oh, I thought we'd get to London all right. If there's going to be any fun, now is when it will begin. Quick, get out. We'll nip into a taxi." In another minute they were passing the barrier, had paid the necessary fares, and were stepping into a taxi. "King's Cross," directed Tuppence. Then she gave a jump. A man looked in at the window, just as they started. She was almost certain it was the same man who had got into the carriage next to them. She had a horrible feeling of being slowly hemmed in on every side. "You see," she explained to Jane, "if they think we're going to Sir James, this will put them off the scent. Now they'll imagine we're going to Mr. Carter. His country place is north of London somewhere." Crossing Holborn there was a block, and the taxi was held up. This was what Tuppence had been waiting for. "Quick," she whispered. "Open the right-hand door!" The two girls stepped out into the traffic. Two minutes later they were seated in another taxi and were retracing their steps, this time direct to Carlton House Terrace. "There," said Tuppence, with great satisfaction, "this ought to do them. I can't help thinking that I'm really rather clever! How that other taxi man will swear! But I took his number, and I'll send him a postal order to-morrow, so that he won't lose by it if he happens to be genuine. What's this thing swerving----Oh!" There was a grinding noise and a bump. Another taxi had collided with them. In a flash Tuppence was out on the pavement. A policeman was approaching. Before he arrived Tuppence had handed the driver five shillings, and she and Jane had merged themselves in the crowd. "It's only a step or two now," said Tuppence breathlessly. The accident had taken place in Trafalgar Square. "Do you think the collision was an accident, or done deliberately?" "I don't know. It might have been either." Hand-in-hand, the two girls hurried along. "It may be my fancy," said Tuppence suddenly, "but I feel as though there was some one behind us." "Hurry!" murmured the other. "Oh, hurry!" They were now at the corner of Carlton House Terrace, and their spirits lightened. Suddenly a large and apparently intoxicated man barred their way. "Good evening, ladies," he hiccupped. "Whither away so fast?" "Let us pass, please," said Tuppence imperiously. "Just a word with your pretty friend here." He stretched out an unsteady hand, and clutched Jane by the shoulder. Tuppence heard other footsteps behind. She did not pause to ascertain whether they were friends or foes. Lowering her head, she repeated a manœuvre of childish days, and butted their aggressor full in the capacious middle. The success of these unsportsmanlike tactics was immediate. The man sat down abruptly on the pavement. Tuppence and Jane took to their heels. The house they sought was some way down. Other footsteps echoed behind them. Their breath was coming in choking gasps as they reached Sir James's door. Tuppence seized the bell and Jane the knocker. The man who had stopped them reached the foot of the steps. For a moment he hesitated, and as he did so the door opened. They fell into the hall together. Sir James came forward from the library door. "Hullo! What's this?" He stepped forward, and put his arm round Jane as she swayed uncertainly. He half carried her into the library, and laid her on the leather couch. From a tantalus on the table he poured out a few drops of brandy, and forced her to drink them. With a sigh she sat up, her eyes still wild and frightened. "It's all right. Don't be afraid, my child. You're quite safe." Her breath came more normally, and the colour was returning to her cheeks. Sir James looked at Tuppence quizzically. "So you're not dead, Miss Tuppence, any more than that Tommy boy of yours was!" "The Young Adventurers take a lot of killing," boasted Tuppence. "So it seems," said Sir James dryly. "Am I right in thinking that the joint venture has ended in success, and that this"--he turned to the girl on the couch--"is Miss Jane Finn?" Jane sat up. "Yes," she said quietly, "I am Jane Finn. I have a lot to tell you." "When you are stronger----" "No--now!" Her voice rose a little. "I shall feel safer when I have told everything." "As you please," said the lawyer. He sat down in one of the big arm-chairs facing the couch. In a low voice Jane began her story. "I came over on the _Lusitania_ to take up a post in Paris. I was fearfully keen about the war, and just dying to help somehow or other. I had been studying French, and my teacher said they were wanting help in a hospital in Paris, so I wrote and offered my services, and they were accepted. I hadn't got any folk of my own, so it made it easy to arrange things. "When the _Lusitania_ was torpedoed, a man came up to me. I'd noticed him more than once--and I'd figured it out in my own mind that he was afraid of somebody or something. He asked me if I was a patriotic American, and told me he was carrying papers which were just life or death to the Allies. He asked me to take charge of them. I was to watch for an advertisement in the _Times_. If it didn't appear, I was to take them to the American Ambassador. "Most of what followed seems like a nightmare still. I see it in my dreams sometimes.... I'll hurry over that part. Mr. Danvers had told me to watch out. He might have been shadowed from New York, but he didn't think so. At first I had no suspicions, but on the boat to Holyhead I began to get uneasy. There was one woman who had been very keen to look after me, and chum up with me generally--a Mrs. Vandemeyer. At first I'd been only grateful to her for being so kind to me; but all the time I felt there was something about her I didn't like, and on the Irish boat I saw her talking to some queer-looking men, and from the way they looked I saw that they were talking about me. I remembered that she'd been quite near me on the _Lusitania_ when Mr. Danvers gave me the packet, and before that she'd tried to talk to him once or twice. I began to get scared, but I didn't quite see what to do. "I had a wild idea of stopping at Holyhead, and not going on to London that day, but I soon saw that that would be plumb foolishness. The only thing was to act as though I'd noticed nothing, and hope for the best. I couldn't see how they could get me if I was on my guard. One thing I'd done already as a precaution--ripped open the oilskin packet and substituted blank paper, and then sewn it up again. So, if anyone did manage to rob me of it, it wouldn't matter. "What to do with the real thing worried me no end. Finally I opened it out flat--there were only two sheets--and laid it between two of the advertisement pages of a magazine. I stuck the two pages together round the edge with some gum off an envelope. I carried the magazine carelessly stuffed into the pocket of my ulster. "At Holyhead I tried to get into a carriage with people that looked all right, but in a queer way there seemed always to be a crowd round me shoving and pushing me just the way I didn't want to go. There was something uncanny and frightening about it. In the end I found myself in a carriage with Mrs. Vandemeyer after all. I went out into the corridor, but all the other carriages were full, so I had to go back and sit down. I consoled myself with the thought that there were other people in the carriage--there was quite a nice-looking man and his wife sitting just opposite. So I felt almost happy about it until just outside London. I had leaned back and closed my eyes. I guess they thought I was asleep, but my eyes weren't quite shut, and suddenly I saw the nice-looking man get something out of his bag and hand it to Mrs. Vandemeyer, and as he did so he _winked_.... "I can't tell you how that wink sort of froze me through and through. My only thought was to get out in the corridor as quick as ever I could. I got up, trying to look natural and easy. Perhaps they saw something--I don't know--but suddenly Mrs. Vandemeyer said ‘Now,' and flung something over my nose and mouth as I tried to scream. At the same moment I felt a terrific blow on the back of my head...." She shuddered. Sir James murmured something sympathetically. In a minute she resumed: "I don't know how long it was before I came back to consciousness. I felt very ill and sick. I was lying on a dirty bed. There was a screen round it, but I could hear two people talking in the room. Mrs. Vandemeyer was one of them. I tried to listen, but at first I couldn't take much in. When at last I did begin to grasp what was going on--I was just terrified! I wonder I didn't scream right out there and then. "They hadn't found the papers. They'd got the oilskin packet with the blanks, and they were just mad! They didn't know whether _I_‘d changed the papers, or whether Danvers had been carrying a dummy message, while the real one was sent another way. They spoke of"--she closed her eyes--"torturing me to find out! "I'd never known what fear--really sickening fear--was before! Once they came to look at me. I shut my eyes and pretended to be still unconscious, but I was afraid they'd hear the beating of my heart. However, they went away again. I began thinking madly. What could I do? I knew I wouldn't be able to stand up against torture very long. "Suddenly something put the thought of loss of memory into my head. The subject had always interested me, and I'd read an awful lot about it. I had the whole thing at my finger-tips. If only I could succeed in carrying the bluff through, it might save me. I said a prayer, and drew a long breath. Then I opened my eyes and started babbling in _French!_ "Mrs. Vandemeyer came round the screen at once. Her face was so wicked I nearly died, but I smiled up at her doubtfully, and asked her in French where I was. "It puzzled her, I could see. She called the man she had been talking to. He stood by the screen with his face in shadow. He spoke to me in French. His voice was very ordinary and quiet, but somehow, I don't know why, he scared me worse than the woman. I felt he'd seen right through me, but I went on playing my part. I asked again where I was, and then went on that there was something I _must_ remember--_must_ remember--only for the moment it was all gone. I worked myself up to be more and more distressed. He asked me my name. I said I didn't know--that I couldn't remember anything at all. "Suddenly he caught my wrist, and began twisting it. The pain was awful. I screamed. He went on. I screamed and screamed, but I managed to shriek out things in French. I don't know how long I could have gone on, but luckily I fainted. The last thing I heard was his voice saying: ‘That's not bluff! Anyway, a kid of her age wouldn't know enough.' I guess he forgot American girls are older for their age than English ones, and take more interest in scientific subjects. "When I came to, Mrs. Vandemeyer was sweet as honey to me. She'd had her orders, I guess. She spoke to me in French--told me I'd had a shock and been very ill. I should be better soon. I pretended to be rather dazed--murmured something about the ‘doctor' having hurt my wrist. She looked relieved when I said that. "By and by she went out of the room altogether. I was suspicious still, and lay quite quiet for some time. In the end, however, I got up and walked round the room, examining it. I thought that even if anyone _was_ watching me from somewhere, it would It was a squalid, dirty place. There were no windows, which seemed queer. I guessed the door would be locked, but I didn't try it. There were some battered old pictures on the walls, representing scenes from _Faust_." Jane's two listeners gave a simultaneous "Ah!" The girl nodded. "Yes--it was the place in Soho where Mr. Beresford was imprisoned. Of course, at the time I didn't even know if I was in London. One thing was worrying me dreadfully, but my heart gave a great throb of relief when I saw my ulster lying carelessly over the back of a chair. _And the magazine was still rolled up in the pocket!_ "If only I could be certain that I was not being overlooked! I looked carefully round the walls. There didn't seem to be a peep-hole of any kind--nevertheless I felt kind of sure there must be. All of a sudden I sat down on the edge of the table, and put my face in my hands, sobbing out a ‘Mon Dieu! Mon Dieu!' I've got very sharp ears. I distinctly heard the rustle of a dress, and slight creak. That was enough for me. I was being watched! "I lay down on the bed again, and by and by Mrs. Vandemeyer brought me some supper. She was still sweet as they make them. I guess she'd been told to win my confidence. Presently she produced the oilskin packet, and asked me if I recognized it, watching me like a lynx all the time. "I took it and turned it over in a puzzled sort of way. Then I shook my head. I said that I felt I _ought_ to remember something about it, that it was just as though it was all coming back, and then, before I could get hold of it, it went again. Then she told me that I was her niece, and that I was to call her ‘Aunt Rita.' I did obediently, and she told me not to worry--my memory would soon come back. "That was an awful night. I'd made my plan whilst I was waiting for her. The papers were safe so far, but I couldn't take the risk of leaving them there any longer. They might throw that magazine away any minute. I lay awake waiting until I judged it must be about two o'clock in the morning. Then I got up as softly as I could, and felt in the dark along the left-hand wall. Very gently, I unhooked one of the pictures from its nail--Marguerite with her casket of jewels. I crept over to my coat and took out the magazine, and an odd envelope or two that I had shoved in. Then I went to the washstand, and damped the brown paper at the back of the picture all round. Presently I was able to pull it away. I had already torn out the two stuck-together pages from the magazine, and now I slipped them with their precious enclosure between the picture and its brown paper backing. A little gum from the envelopes helped me to stick the latter up again. No one would dream the picture had ever been tampered with. I rehung it on the wall, put the magazine back in my coat pocket, and crept back to bed. I was pleased with my hiding-place. They'd never think of pulling to pieces one of their own pictures. I hoped that they'd come to the conclusion that Danvers had been carrying a dummy all along, and that, in the end, they'd let me go. "As a matter of fact, I guess that's what they did think at first, and, in a way, it was dangerous for me. I learnt afterwards that they nearly did away with me then and there--there was never much chance of their ‘letting me go'--but the first man, who was the boss, preferred to keep me alive on the chance of my having hidden them, and being able to tell where if I recovered my memory. They watched me constantly for weeks. Sometimes they'd ask me questions by the hour--I guess there was nothing they didn't know about the third degree!--but somehow I managed to hold my own. The strain of it was awful, though.... "They took me back to Ireland, and over every step of the journey again, in case I'd hidden it somewhere _en route_. Mrs. Vandemeyer and another woman never left me for a moment. They spoke of me as a young relative of Mrs. Vandemeyer's whose mind was affected by the shock of the _Lusitania_. There was no one I could appeal to for help without giving myself away to _them_, and if I risked it and failed--and Mrs. Vandemeyer looked so rich, and so beautifully dressed, that I felt convinced they'd take her word against mine, and think it was part of my mental trouble to think myself ‘persecuted'--I felt that the horrors in store for me would be too awful once they knew I'd been only shamming." Sir James nodded comprehendingly. "Mrs. Vandemeyer was a woman of great personality. With that and her social position she would have had little difficulty in imposing her point of view in preference to yours. Your sensational accusations against her would not easily have found credence." "That's what I thought. It ended in my being sent to a sanatorium at Bournemouth. I couldn't make up my mind at first whether it was a sham affair or genuine. A hospital nurse had charge of me. I was a special patient. She seemed so nice and normal that at last I determined to confide in her. A merciful providence just saved me in time from falling into the trap. My door happened to be ajar, and I heard her talking to some one in the passage. _She was one of them!_ They still fancied it might be a bluff on my part, and she was put in charge of me to make sure! After that, my nerve went completely. I dared trust nobody. "I think I almost hypnotized myself. After a while, I almost forgot that I was really Jane Finn. I was so bent on playing the part of Janet Vandemeyer that my nerves began to play me tricks. I became really ill--for months I sank into a sort of stupor. I felt sure I should die soon, and that nothing really mattered. A sane person shut up in a lunatic asylum often ends by becoming insane, they say. I guess I was like that. Playing my part had become second nature to me. I wasn't even unhappy in the end--just apathetic. Nothing seemed to matter. And the years went on. "And then suddenly things seemed to change. Mrs. Vandemeyer came down from London. She and the doctor asked me questions, experimented with various treatments. There was some talk of sending me to a specialist in Paris. In the end, they did not dare risk it. I overheard something that seemed to show that other people--friends--were looking for me. I learnt later that the nurse who had looked after me went to Paris, and consulted a specialist, representing herself to be me. He put her through some searching tests, and exposed her loss of memory to be fraudulent; but she had taken a note of his methods and reproduced them on me. I dare say I couldn't have deceived the specialist for a minute--a man who has made a lifelong study of a thing is unique--but I managed once again to hold my own with them. The fact that I'd not thought of myself as Jane Finn for so long made it easier. "One night I was whisked off to London at a moment's notice. They took me back to the house in Soho. Once I got away from the sanatorium I felt different--as though something in me that had been buried for a long time was waking up again. "They sent me in to wait on Mr. Beresford. (Of course I didn't know his name then.) I was suspicious--I thought it was another trap. But he looked so honest, I could hardly believe it. However, I was careful in all I said, for I knew we could be overheard. There's a small hole, high up in the wall. "But on the Sunday afternoon a message was brought to the house. They were all very disturbed. Without their knowing, I listened. Word had come that he was to be killed. I needn't tell the next part, because you know it. I thought I'd have time to rush up and get the papers from their hiding-place, but I was caught. So I screamed out that he was escaping, and I said I wanted to go back to Marguerite. I shouted the name three times very loud. I knew the others would think I meant Mrs. Vandemeyer, but I hoped it might make Mr. Beresford think of the picture. He'd unhooked one the first day--that's what made me hesitate to trust him." She paused. "Then the papers," said Sir James slowly, "are still at the back of the picture in that room." "Yes." The girl had sunk back on the sofa exhausted with the strain of the long story. Sir James rose to his feet. He looked at his watch. "Come," he said, "we must go at once." "To-night?" queried Tuppence, surprised. "To-morrow may be too late," said Sir James gravely. "Besides, by going to-night we have the chance of capturing that great man and super-criminal--Mr. Brown!" There was dead silence, and Sir James continued: "You have been followed here--not a doubt of it. When we leave the house we shall be followed again, but not molested, _for it is Mr. Brown's plan that we are to lead him_. But the Soho house is under police supervision night and day. There are several men watching it. When we enter that house, Mr. Brown will not draw back--he will risk all, on the chance of obtaining the spark to fire his mine. And he fancies the risk not great--since he will enter in the guise of a friend!" Tuppence flushed, then opened her mouth impulsively. "But there's something you don't know--that we haven't told you." Her eyes dwelt on Jane in perplexity. "What is that?" asked the other sharply. "No hesitations, Miss Tuppence. We need to be sure of our going." But Tuppence, for once, seemed tongue-tied. "It's so difficult--you see, if I'm wrong--oh, it would be dreadful." She made a grimace at the unconscious Jane. "Never forgive me," she observed cryptically. "You want me to help you out, eh?" "Yes, please. _You_ know who Mr. Brown is, don't you?" "Yes," said Sir James gravely. "At last I do." "At last?" queried Tuppence doubtfully. "Oh, but I thought----" She paused. "You thought correctly, Miss Tuppence. I have been morally certain of his identity for some time--ever since the night of Mrs. Vandemeyer's mysterious death." "Ah!" breathed Tuppence. "For there we are up against the logic of facts. There are only two solutions. Either the chloral was administered by her own hand, which theory I reject utterly, or else----" "Yes?" "Or else it was administered in the brandy you gave her. Only three people touched that brandy--you, Miss Tuppence, I myself, and one other--Mr. Julius Hersheimmer!" Jane Finn stirred and sat up, regarding the speaker with wide astonished eyes. "At first, the thing seemed utterly impossible. Mr. Hersheimmer, as the son of a prominent millionaire, was a well-known figure in America. It seemed utterly impossible that he and Mr. Brown could be one and the same. But you cannot escape from the logic of facts. Since the thing was so--it must be accepted. Remember Mrs. Vandemeyer's sudden and inexplicable agitation. Another proof, if proof was needed. "I took an early opportunity of giving you a hint. From some words of Mr. Hersheimmer's at Manchester, I gathered that you had understood and acted on that hint. Then I set to work to prove the impossible possible. Mr. Beresford rang me up and told me, what I had already suspected, that the photograph of Miss Jane Finn had never really been out of Mr. Hersheimmer's possession----" But the girl interrupted. Springing to her feet, she cried out angrily: "What do you mean? What are you trying to suggest? That Mr. Brown is _Julius?_ Julius--my own cousin!" "No, Miss Finn," said Sir James unexpectedly. "Not your cousin. The man who calls himself Julius Hersheimmer is no relation to you whatsoever." SIR James's words came like a bomb-shell. Both girls looked equally puzzled. The lawyer went across to his desk, and returned with a small newspaper cutting, which he handed to Jane. Tuppence read it over her shoulder. Mr. Carter would have recognized it. It referred to the mysterious man found dead in New York. "As I was saying to Miss Tuppence," resumed the lawyer, "I set to work to prove the impossible possible. The great stumbling-block was the undeniable fact that Julius Hersheimmer was not an assumed name. When I came across this paragraph my problem was solved. Julius Hersheimmer set out to discover what had become of his cousin. He went out West, where he obtained news of her and her photograph to aid him in his search. On the eve of his departure from New York he was set upon and murdered. His body was dressed in shabby clothes, and the face disfigured to prevent identification. Mr. Brown took his place. He sailed immediately for England. None of the real Hersheimmer's friends or intimates saw him before he sailed--though indeed it would hardly have mattered if they had, the impersonation was so perfect. Since then he had been hand and glove with those sworn to hunt him down. Every secret of theirs has been known to him. Only once did he come near disaster. Mrs. Vandemeyer knew his secret. It was no part of his plan that that huge bribe should ever be offered to her. But for Miss Tuppence's fortunate change of plan, she would have been far away from the flat when we arrived there. Exposure stared him in the face. He took a desperate step, trusting in his assumed character to avert suspicion. He nearly succeeded--but not quite." "I can't believe it," murmured Jane. "He seemed so splendid." "The real Julius Hersheimmer _was_ a splendid fellow! And Mr. Brown is a consummate actor. But ask Miss Tuppence if she also has not had her suspicions." Jane turned mutely to Tuppence. The latter nodded. "I didn't want to say it, Jane--I knew it would hurt you. And, after all, I couldn't be sure. I still don't understand why, if he's Mr. Brown, he rescued us." "Was it Julius Hersheimmer who helped you to escape?" Tuppence recounted to Sir James the exciting events of the evening, ending up: "But I can't see _why!_" "Can't you? I can. So can young Beresford, by his actions. As a last hope Jane Finn was to be allowed to escape--and the escape must be managed so that she harbours no suspicions of its being a put-up job. They're not averse to young Beresford's being in the neighbourhood, and, if necessary, communicating with you. They'll take care to get him out of the way at the right minute. Then Julius Hersheimmer dashes up and rescues you in true melodramatic style. Bullets fly--but don't hit anybody. What would have happened next? You would have driven straight to the house in Soho and secured the document which Miss Finn would probably have entrusted to her cousin's keeping. Or, if he conducted the search, he would have pretended to find the hiding-place already rifled. He would have had a dozen ways of dealing with the situation, but the result would have been the same. And I rather fancy some accident would have happened to both of you. You see, you know rather an inconvenient amount. That's a rough outline. I admit I was caught napping; but somebody else wasn't." "Tommy," said Tuppence softly. "Yes. Evidently when the right moment came to get rid of him--he was too sharp for them. All the same, I'm not too easy in my mind about him." "Why?" "Because Julius Hersheimmer is Mr. Brown," said Sir James dryly. "And it takes more than one man and a revolver to hold up Mr. Brown...." Tuppence paled a little. "What can we do?" "Nothing until we've been to the house in Soho. If Beresford has still got the upper hand, there's nothing to fear. If otherwise, our enemy will come to find us, and he will not find us unprepared!" From a drawer in the desk, he took a service revolver, and placed it in his coat pocket. "Now we're ready. I know better than even to suggest going without you, Miss Tuppence----" "I should think so indeed!" "But I do suggest that Miss Finn should remain here. She will be perfectly safe, and I am afraid she is absolutely worn out with all she has been through." But to Tuppence's surprise Jane shook her head. "No. I guess I'm going too. Those papers were my trust. I must go through with this business to the end. I'm heaps better now anyway." Sir James's car was ordered round. During the short drive Tuppence's heart beat tumultuously. In spite of momentary qualms of uneasiness respecting Tommy, she could not but feel exultation. They were going to win! The car drew up at the corner of the square and they got out. Sir James went up to a plain-clothes man who was on duty with several others, and spoke to him. Then he rejoined the girls. "No one has gone into the house so far. It is being watched at the back as well, so they are quite sure of that. Anyone who attempts to enter after we have done so will be arrested immediately. Shall we go in?" A policeman produced a key. They all knew Sir James well. They had also had orders respecting Tuppence. Only the third member of the party was unknown to them. The three entered the house, pulling the door to behind them. Slowly they mounted the rickety stairs. At the top was the ragged curtain hiding the recess where Tommy had hidden that day. Tuppence had heard the story from Jane in her character of "Annette." She looked at the tattered velvet with interest. Even now she could almost swear it moved--as though _some one_ was behind it. So strong was the illusion that she almost fancied she could make out the outline of a form.... Supposing Mr. Brown--Julius--was there waiting.... Impossible of course! Yet she almost went back to put the curtain aside and make sure.... Now they were entering the prison room. No place for anyone to hide here, thought Tuppence, with a sigh of relief, then chided herself indignantly. She must not give way to this foolish fancying--this curious insistent feeling that _Mr. Brown was in the house_.... Hark! what was that? A stealthy footstep on the stairs? There _was_ some one in the house! Absurd! She was becoming hysterical. Jane had gone straight to the picture of Marguerite. She unhooked it with a steady hand. The dust lay thick upon it, and festoons of cobwebs lay between it and the wall. Sir James handed her a pocket-knife, and she ripped away the brown paper from the back.... The advertisement page of a magazine fell out. Jane picked it up. Holding apart the frayed inner edges she extracted two thin sheets covered with writing! No dummy this time! The real thing! "We've got it," said Tuppence. "At last...." The moment was almost breathless in its emotion. Forgotten the faint creakings, the imagined noises of a minute ago. None of them had eyes for anything but what Jane held in her hand. Sir James took it, and scrutinized it attentively. "Yes," he said quietly, "this is the ill-fated draft treaty!" "We've succeeded," said Tuppence. There was awe and an almost wondering unbelief in her voice. Sir James echoed her words as he folded the paper carefully and put it away in his pocket-book, then he looked curiously round the dingy room. "It was here that our young friend was confined for so long, was it not?" he said. "A truly sinister room. You notice the absence of windows, and the thickness of the close-fitting door. Whatever took place here would never be heard by the outside world." Tuppence shivered. His words woke a vague alarm in her. What if there _was_ some one concealed in the house? Some one who might bar that door on them, and leave them to die like rats in a trap? Then she realized the absurdity of her thought. The house was surrounded by police who, if they failed to reappear, would not hesitate to break in and make a thorough search. She smiled at her own foolishness--then looked No girl could deceive ME!... "...The 29th.... That is very soon...." Mr. Carter paused. "I will not read the details of the _coup_ that was planned. But there are just two small entries that refer to the three of you. In the light of what happened they are interesting. "... By inducing the girl to come to me of her own accord, I have succeeded in disarming her. But she has intuitive flashes that might be dangerous.... She must be got out of the way.... I can do nothing with the American. He suspects and dislikes me. But he cannot know. I fancy my armour is impregnable.... Sometimes I fear I have underestimated the other boy. He is not clever, but it is hard to blind his eyes to facts...." Mr. Carter shut the book. "A great man," he said. "Genius, or insanity, who can say?" There was silence. Then Mr. Carter rose to his feet. "I will give you a toast. The Joint Venture which has so amply justified itself by success!" It was drunk with acclamation. "There's something more we want to hear," continued Mr. Carter. He looked at the American Ambassador. "I speak for you also, I know. We'll ask Miss Jane Finn to tell us the story that only Miss Tuppence has heard so far--but before we do so we'll drink her health. The health of one of the bravest of America's daughters, to whom is due the thanks and gratitude of two great countries!" "THAT was a mighty good toast, Jane," said Mr. Hersheimmer, as he and his cousin were being driven back in the Rolls-Royce to the _Ritz_. "The one to the joint venture?" "No--the one to you. There isn't another girl in the world who could have carried it through as you did. You were just wonderful!" Jane shook her head. "I don't feel wonderful. At heart I'm just tired and lonesome--and longing for my own country." "That brings me to something I wanted to say. I heard the Ambassador telling you his wife hoped you would come to them at the Embassy right away. That's good enough, but I've got another plan. Jane--I want you to marry me! Don't get scared and say no at once. You can't love me right away, of course, that's impossible. But I've loved you from the very moment I set eyes on your photo--and now I've seen you I'm simply crazy about you! If you'll only marry me, I won't worry you any--you shall take your own time. Maybe you'll never come to love me, and if that's the case I'll manage to set you free. But I want the right to look after you, and take care of you." "That's what I want," said the girl wistfully. "Some one who'll be good to me. Oh, you don't know how lonesome I feel!" "Sure thing I do. Then I guess that's all fixed up, and I'll see the archbishop about a special license to-morrow morning." "Oh, Julius!" "Well, I don't want to hustle you any, Jane, but there's no sense in waiting about. Don't be scared--I shan't expect you to love me all at once." But a small hand was slipped into his. "I love you now, Julius," said Jane Finn. "I loved you that first moment in the car when the bullet grazed your cheek...." Five minutes later Jane murmured softly: "I don't know London very well, Julius, but is it such a very long way from the _Savoy_ to the _Ritz?_" "It depends how you go," explained Julius unblushingly. "We're going by way of Regent's Park!" "Oh, Julius--what will the chauffeur think?" "At the wages I pay him, he knows better than to do any independent thinking. Why, Jane, the only reason I had the supper at the _Savoy_ was so that I could drive you home. I didn't see how I was ever going to get hold of you alone. You and Tuppence have been sticking together like Siamese twins. I guess another day of it would have driven me and Beresford stark staring mad!" "Oh. Is he----?" "Of course he is. Head over ears." "I thought so," said Jane thoughtfully. "Why?" "From all the things Tuppence didn't say!" "There you have me beat," said Mr. Hersheimmer. But Jane only laughed. In the meantime, the Young Adventurers were sitting bolt upright, very stiff and ill at ease, in a taxi which, with a singular lack of originality, was also returning to the _Ritz_ via Regent's Park. A terrible constraint seemed to have settled down between them. Without quite knowing what had happened, everything seemed changed. They were tongue-tied--paralysed. All the old _camaraderie_ was gone. Tuppence could think of nothing to say. Tommy was equally afflicted. They sat very straight and forbore to look at each other. At last Tuppence made a desperate effort. "Rather fun, wasn't it?" "Rather." Another silence. "I like Julius," essayed Tuppence again. Tommy was suddenly galvanized into life. "You're not going to marry him, do you hear?" he said dictatorially. "I forbid it." "Oh!" said Tuppence meekly. "Absolutely, you understand." "He doesn't want to marry me--he really only asked me out of kindness." "That's not very likely," scoffed Tommy. "It's quite true. He's head over ears in love with Jane. I expect he's proposing to her now." "She'll do for him very nicely," said Tommy condescendingly. "Don't you think she's the most lovely creature you've ever seen?" "Oh, I dare say." "But I suppose you prefer sterling worth," said Tuppence demurely. "I--oh, dash it all, Tuppence, you know!" "I like your uncle, Tommy," said Tuppence, hastily creating a diversion. "By the way, what are you going to do, accept Mr. Carter's offer of a Government job, or accept Julius's invitation and take a richly remunerated post in America on his ranch?" "I shall stick to the old ship, I think, though it's awfully good of Hersheimmer. But I feel you'd be more at home in London." "I don't see where I come in." "I do," said Tommy positively. Tuppence stole a glance at him sideways. "There's the money, too," she observed thoughtfully. "What money?" "We're going to get a cheque each. Mr. Carter told me so." "Did you ask how much?" inquired Tommy sarcastically. "Yes," said Tuppence triumphantly. "But I shan't tell you." "Tuppence, you are the limit!" "It has been fun, hasn't it, Tommy? I do hope we shall have lots more adventures." "You're insatiable, Tuppence. I've had quite enough adventures for the present." "Well, shopping is almost as good," said Tuppence dreamily. "Think of buying old furniture, and bright carpets, and futurist silk curtains, and a polished dining-table, and a divan with lots of cushions." "Hold hard," said Tommy. "What's all this for?" "Possibly a house--but I think a flat." "Whose flat?" "You think I mind saying it, but I don't in the least! _Ours_, so there!" "You darling!" cried Tommy, his arms tightly round her. "I was determined to make you say it. I owe you something for the relentless way you've squashed me whenever I've tried to be sentimental." Tuppence raised her face to his. The taxi proceeded on its course round the north side of Regent's Park. "You haven't really proposed now," pointed out Tuppence. "Not what our grandmothers would call a proposal. But after listening to a rotten one like Julius's, I'm inclined to let you off." "You won't be able to get out of marrying me, so don't you think it." "What fun it will be," responded Tuppence. "Marriage is called all sorts of things, a haven, and a refuge, and a crowning glory, and a state of bondage, and lots more. But do you know what I think it is?" "What?" "A sport!" "And a damned good sport too," said Tommy. I believe that a well-known anecdote exists to the effect that a young writer, determined to make the commencement of his story forcible and original enough to catch and rivet the attention of the most blasé of editors, penned the following sentence: "\u200a‘Hell!' said the Duchess." Strangely enough, this tale of mine opens in much the same fashion. Only the lady who gave utterance to the exclamation was not a Duchess! It was a day in early June. I had been transacting some business in Paris and was returning by the morning service to London where I was still sharing rooms with my old friend, the Belgian ex-detective, Hercule Poirot. The Calais express was singularly empty—in fact, my own compartment held only one other traveller. I had made a somewhat hurried departure from the hotel and was busy assuring myself that I had duly collected all my traps when the train started. Up till then I had hardly noticed my companion, but I was now violently recalled to the fact of her existence. Jumping up from her seat, she let down the window and stuck her head out, withdrawing it a moment later with the brief and forcible ejaculation "Hell!" Now I am old-fashioned. A woman, I consider, should be womanly. I have no patience with the modern neurotic girl who jazzes from morning to night, smokes like a chimney, and uses language which would make a Billingsgate fishwoman blush! I looked up now, frowning slightly, into a pretty, impudent face, surmounted by a rakish little red hat. A thick cluster of black curls hid each ear. I judged that she was little more than seventeen, but her face was covered with powder, and her lips were quite impossibly scarlet. Nothing abashed, she returned my glance, and executed an expressive grimace. "Dear me, we've shocked the kind gentleman!" she observed to an imaginary audience. "I apologize for my language! Most unladylike, and all that, but Oh, Lord, there's reason enough for it! Do you know I've lost my only sister?" "Really?" I said politely. "How unfortunate." "He disapproves!" remarked the lady. "He disapproves utterly—of me, and my sister—which last is unfair, because he hasn't seen her!" I opened my mouth, but she forestalled me. "Say no more! Nobody loves me! I shall go into the garden and eat worms! Boohoo! I am crushed!" She buried herself behind a large comic French paper. In a minute or two I saw her eyes stealthily peeping at me over the top. In spite of myself I could not help smiling, and in a minute she had tossed the paper aside, and had burst into a merry peal of laughter. "I knew you weren't such a mutt as you looked," she cried. Her laughter was so infectious that I could not help joining in, though I hardly cared for the word "mutt." The girl was certainly all that I most disliked, but that was no reason why I should make myself ridiculous by my attitude. I prepared to unbend. After all, she was decidedly pretty. ... "There! Now we're friends!" declared the minx. "Say you're sorry about my sister "I am desolated!" "That's a good boy!" "Let me finish. I was going to add that, although I am desolated, I can manage to put up with her absence very well." I made a little bow. But this most unaccountable of damsels frowned and shook her head. "Cut it out. I prefer the ‘dignified disapproval' stunt. Oh, your face! ‘Not one of us,' it said. And you were right there—though, mind you, it's pretty hard to tell nowadays. It's not every one who can distinguish between a demi and a duchess. There now, I believe I've shocked you again! You've been dug out of the backwoods, you have. Not that I mind that. We could do with a few more of your sort. I just hate a fellow who gets fresh. It makes me mad." She shook her head vigorously. "What are you like when you're mad?" I inquired with a smile. "A regular little devil! Don't care what I say, or what I do, either! I nearly did a chap in once. Yes, really. He'd have deserved it too. Italian blood I've got. I shall get into trouble one of these days." "Well," I begged, "don't get mad with me." "I shan't. I like you—did the first moment I set eyes on you. But you looked so disapproving that I never thought we should make friends." "Well, we have. Tell me something about yourself." "I'm an actress. No—not the kind you're thinking of, lunching at the Savoy covered with jewellery, and with their photograph in every paper saying how much they love Madame So and So's face cream. I've been on the boards since I was a kid of six—tumbling." "I beg your pardon," I said puzzled. "Haven't you seen child acrobats?" "Oh, I understand." "I'm American born, but I've spent most of my life in England. We got a new show now "We?" "My sister and I. Sort of song and dance, and a bit of patter, and a dash of the old business thrown in. It's quite a new idea, and it hits them every time. There's to be money in it My new acquaintance leaned forward, and discoursed volubly, a great many of her terms being quite unintelligible to me. Yet I found myself evincing an increasing interest in her. She seemed such a curious mixture of child and woman. Though perfectly worldly-wise, and able, as she expressed it, to take care of herself, there was yet something curiously ingenuous in her single-minded attitude towards life, and her whole-hearted determination to "make good." This glimpse of a world unknown to me was not without its charm, and I enjoyed seeing her vivid little face light up as she talked. We passed through Amiens. The name awakened many memories. My companion seemed to have an intuitive knowledge of what was in my mind. "Thinking of the War?" I nodded. "You were through it, I suppose?" "Pretty well. I was wounded once, and after the Somme they invalided me out altogether. I had a half fledged Army job for a bit. I'm a sort of private secretary now to an M. P." "My! That's brainy!" "No, it isn't. There's really awfully little to do. Usually a couple of hours every day sees me through. It's dull work too. In fact, I don't know what I should do if I hadn't got something to fall back upon." "Don't say you collect bugs!" "No. I share rooms with a very interesting man. He's a Belgian—an ex-detective. He's set up as a private detective in London, and he's doing extraordinarily well. He's really a very marvellous little man. Time and again he has proved to be right where the official police have failed." My companion listened with widening eyes. "Isn't that interesting, now? I just adore crime. I go to all the mysteries on the movies. And when there's a murder on I just devour the papers." "Do you remember the Styles Case?" I asked. "Let me see, was that the old lady who was poisoned? Somewhere down in Essex?" I nodded. "That was Poirot's first big case. Undoubtedly, but for him, the murderer would have escaped scot-free. It was a most wonderful bit of detective work." Warming to my subject, I ran over the heads of the affair, working up to the triumphant and unexpected dénouement. The girl listened spellbound. In fact, we were so absorbed that the train drew into Calais station before we realized it. "My goodness gracious me!" cried my companion. "Where's my powder-puff?" She proceeded to bedaub her face liberally, and then applied a stick of lip salve to her lips, observing the effect in a small pocket glass, and betraying not the faintest sign of self-consciousness. "I say," I hesitated. "I dare say it's cheek on my part, but why do all that sort of thing?" The girl paused in her operations, and stared at me with undisguised surprise. "It isn't as though you weren't so pretty that you can afford to do without it," I said stammeringly. "My dear boy! I've got to do it. All the girls do. Think I want to look like a little frump up from the country?" She took one last look in the mirror, smiled approval, and put it and her vanity-box away in her bag. "That's better. Keeping up appearances is a bit of a fag, I grant, but if a girl respects herself it's up to her not to let herself get slack." To this essentially moral sentiment, I had no reply. A point of view makes a great difference. I secured a couple of porters, and we alighted on the platform. My companion held out her hand. "Good-bye, and I'll mind my language better in future." "Oh, but surely you'll let me look after you on the boat?" "Mayn't be on the boat. I've got to see whether that sister of mine got aboard after all anywhere. But thanks all the same." "Oh, but we're going to meet again, surely? I I hesitated. "I want to meet your sister." We both laughed. "That's real nice of you. I'll tell her what you say. But I don't fancy we'll meet again. You've been very good to me on the journey, especially after I cheeked you as I did. But what your face expressed first thing is quite true. I'm not your kind. And that brings trouble—_I___ know that well enough. ..." Her face changed. For the moment all the light-hearted gaiety died out of it. It looked angry—revengeful. ... "So good-bye," she finished, in a lighter tone. "Aren't you even going to tell me your name?" I cried, as she turned away. She looked over her shoulder. A dimple appeared in each cheek. She was like a lovely picture by Greuze. "Cinderella," she said, and laughed. But little did I think when and how I should see Cinderella again. It was five minutes past nine when I entered our joint sitting-room for breakfast on the following morning. My friend Poirot, exact to the minute as usual, was just tapping the shell of his second egg. He beamed upon me as I entered. "You have slept well, yes? You have recovered from the crossing so terrible? It is a marvel, almost you are exact this morning. _Pardon___, but your tie is not symmetrical. Permit that I rearrange him." Elsewhere, I have described Hercule Poirot. An extraordinary little man! Height, five feet four inches, egg-shaped head carried a little to one side, eyes that shone green when he was excited, stiff military moustache, air of dignity immense! He was neat and dandified in appearance. For neatness of any kind, he had an absolute passion. To see an ornament set crooked, or a speck of dust, or a slight disarray in one's attire, was torture to the little man until he could ease his feelings by remedying the matter. "Order" and "Method" were his gods. He had a certain disdain for tangible evidence, such as footprints and cigarette ash, and would maintain that, taken by themselves, they would never enable a detective to solve a problem. Then he would tap his egg-shaped head with absurd complacency, and remark with great satisfaction: "The true work, it is done from _within___. _The little grey cells___—remember always the little grey cells, _mon ami!___" I slipped into my seat, and remarked idly, in answer to Poirot's greeting, that an hour's sea passage from Calais to Dover could hardly be dignified by the epithet "terrible." Poirot waved his egg-spoon in vigorous refutation of my remark. "_Du tout!___ If for an hour one experiences sensations and emotions of the most terrible, one has lived many hours! Does not one of your English poets say that time is counted, not by hours, but by heart-beats?" "I fancy Browning was referring to something more romantic than sea sickness, though." "Because he was an Englishman, an Islander to whom _la Manche___ was nothing. Oh, you English! With _nous autres___ it is different. Figure to yourself that a lady of my acquaintance at the beginning of the war fled to Ostend. There she had a terrible crisis of the nerves. Impossible to escape further except by crossing the sea! And she had a horror—_mais une horreur!___—of the sea! What was she to do? Daily _les Boches___ were drawing nearer. Imagine to yourself the terrible situation!" "What did she do?" I inquired curiously. "Fortunately her husband was _homme pratique___. He was also very calm, the crises of the nerves, they affected him not. _Il l'a emportée simplement!___ Naturally when she reached England she was prostrate, but she still breathed." Poirot shook his head seriously. I composed my face as best I could. Suddenly he stiffened and pointed a dramatic finger at the toast rack. "Ah, par exemple, c'est trop fort!" he cried. "What is it?" "This piece of toast. You remark him not?" He whipped the offender out of the rack, and held it up for me to examine. "Is it No. Is it a triangle? Again no. Is it even round? No. Is it of any shape remotely pleasing to the eye? What symmetry have we here? None." "It's cut from a cottage loaf," I explained soothingly. Poirot threw me a withering glance. "What an intelligence has my friend Hastings!" he exclaimed sarcastically. "Comprehend you not that I have forbidden such a loaf—a loaf haphazard and shapeless, that no baker should permit himself to bake!" I endeavoured to distract his mind. "Anything interesting come by the post?" Poirot shook his head with a dissatisfied air. "I have not yet examined my letters, but nothing of interest arrives nowadays. The great criminals, the criminals of method, they do not exist. The cases I have been employed upon lately were _banal___ to the last degree. In verity I am reduced to recovering lost lap-dogs for fashionable ladies! The last problem that presented any interest was that intricate little affair of the Yardly diamond, and that was—how many months ago, my friend?" He shook his head despondently, and I roared with laughter. "Cheer up, Poirot, the luck will change. Open your letters. For all you know, there may be a great Case looming on the horizon." Poirot smiled, and taking up the neat little letter opener with which he opened his correspondence he slit the tops of the several envelopes that lay by his plate. "A bill. Another bill. It is that I grow extravagant in my old age. Aha! a note from Japp." "Yes?" pricked up my ears. The Scotland Yard Inspector had more than once introduced us to an interesting case. "He merely thanks me (in his fashion) for a little point in the Aberystwyth Case on which I was able to set him right. I am delighted to have been of service to him." "How does he thank you?" I asked curiously, for I knew my Japp. "He is kind enough to say that I am a wonderful sport for my age, and that he was glad to have had the chance of letting me in on the case." This was so typical of Japp, that I could not forbear a chuckle. Poirot continued to read his correspondence placidly. "A suggestion that I should give a lecture to our local boy scouts. The Countess of Forfanock will be obliged if I will call and see her. Another lap-dog without doubt! And now for the last. Ah I looked up, quick to notice the change of tone. Poirot was reading attentively. In a minute he tossed the sheet over to me. "This is out of the ordinary, _mon ami___. Read for yourself." The letter was written on a foreign type of paper, in a bold characteristic hand: "Villa Geneviève Merlinville-sur-Mer France "_Dear Sir___, "I am in need of the services of a detective and, for reasons which I will give you later, do not wish to call in the official police. I have heard of you from several quarters, and all reports go to show that you are not only a man of decided ability, but one who also knows how to be discreet. I do not wish to trust details to the post, but, on account of a secret I possess, I go in daily fear of my life. I am convinced that the danger is imminent, and therefore I beg that you will lose no time in crossing to France. I will send a car to meet you at Calais, if you will wire me when you are arriving. I shall be obliged if you will drop all cases you have on hand, and devote yourself solely to my interests. I am prepared to pay any compensation necessary. I shall probably need your services for a considerable period of time, as it may be necessary for you to go out to Santiago, where I spent several years of my life. I shall be content for you to name your own fee. "Assuring you once more that the matter is _urgent___, "Yours faithfully "P. T. RENAULD." Below the signature was a hastily scrawled line, almost illegible: "For God's sake, come!" I handed the letter back with quickened pulses. "At last!" I said. "Here is something distinctly out of the ordinary." "Yes, indeed," said Poirot meditatively. "You will go of course," I continued. Poirot nodded. He was thinking deeply. Finally he seemed to make up his mind, and glanced up at the clock. His face was very grave. "See you, my friend, there is no time to lose. The Continental express leaves Victoria at 11 o'clock. Do not agitate yourself. There is plenty of time. We can allow ten minutes for discussion. You accompany me, _n'est-ce pas?___" "Well "You told me yourself that your employer needed you not for the next few weeks." "Oh, that's all right. But this Mr. Renauld hints strongly that his business is private." "Ta-ta-ta. I will manage M. Renauld. By the way, I seem to know the name?" "There's a well-known South American millionaire fellow. His name's Renauld. I don't know whether it could be the same." "But without doubt. That explains the mention of Santiago. Santiago is in Chile, and Chile it is in South America! Ah, but we progress finely." "Dear me, Poirot," I said, my excitement rising, "I smell some goodly shekels in this. If we succeed, we shall make our fortunes!" "Do not be too sure of that, my friend. A rich man and his money are not so easily parted. Me, I have seen a well-known millionaire turn out a tramful of people to seek for a dropped halfpenny." I acknowledged the wisdom of this. "In any case," continued Poirot, "it is not the money which attracts me here. Certainly it will be pleasant to have _carte blanche___ in our investigations; one can be sure that way of wasting no time, but it is something a little bizarre in this problem which arouses my interest. You remarked the postscript? How did it strike you?" I considered. "Clearly he wrote the letter keeping himself well in hand, but at the end his self-control snapped and, on the impulse of the moment, he scrawled those four desperate words." But my friend shook his head energetically. "You are in error. See you not that while the ink of the signature is nearly black, that of the postscript is quite pale?" "Well?" I said puzzled. "_Mon Dieu, mon ami___, but use your little grey cells! Is it not obvious? M. Renauld wrote his letter. Without blotting it, he reread it carefully. Then, not on impulse, but deliberately, he added those last words, and blotted the sheet." "But why?" "_Parbleu!___ so that it should produce the effect upon me that it has upon you." "What?" "_Mais, oui___—to make sure of my coming! He reread the letter and was dissatisfied. It was not strong enough!" He paused, and then added softly, his eyes shining with that green light that always betokened inward excitement: "And so, _mon ami___, since that postscript was added, not on impulse, but soberly, in cold blood, the urgency is very great, and we must reach him as soon as possible." "Merlinville," I murmured thoughtfully. "I've heard of it, I think." Poirot nodded. "It is a quiet little place—but chic! It lies about midway between Bolougne and Calais. It is rapidly becoming the fashion. Rich English people who wish to be quiet are taking it up. M. Renauld has a house in England, I suppose?" "Yes, in Rutland Gate, as far as I remember. Also a big place in the country, somewhere in Hertfordshire. But I really know very little about him, he doesn't do much in a social way. I believe he has large South American interests in the City, and has spent most of his life out in Chile and the Argentino." "Well, we shall hear all details from the man himself. Come, let us pack. A small suit-case each, and then a taxi to Victoria." "And the Countess?" I inquired with a smile. "Ah! _je m'en fiche!___ Her case was certainly not interesting." "Why so sure of that?" "Because in that case she would have come, not written. A woman cannot wait—always remember that, Hastings." Eleven o'clock saw our departure from Victoria on our way to Dover. Before starting Poirot had despatched a telegram to Mr. Renauld giving the time of our arrival at Calais. "I'm surprised you haven't invested in a few bottles of some sea sick remedy, Poirot," I observed maliciously, as I recalled our conversation at breakfast. My friend, who was anxiously scanning the weather, turned a reproachful face upon me. "Is it that you have forgotten the method most excellent of Laverguier? His system, I practise it always. One balances oneself, if you remember, turning the head from left to right, breathing in and out, counting six between each breath." "H'm," I demurred. "You'll be rather tired of balancing yourself and counting six by the time you get to Santiago, or Buenos Ayres, or wherever it is you land." "_Quelle idée!___ You do not figure to yourself that I shall go to Santiago?" "Mr. Renauld suggests it in his letter." "He did not know the methods of Hercule Poirot. I do not run to and fro, making journeys, and agitating myself. My work is done from within—_here___ he tapped his forehead significantly. As usual, this remark roused my argumentative faculty. "It's all very well, Poirot, but I think you are falling into the habit of despising certain things too much. A finger-print has led sometimes to the arrest and conviction of a murderer." "And has, without doubt, hanged more than one innocent man," remarked Poirot dryly. "But surely the study of finger-prints and footprints, cigarette ash, different kinds of mud, and other clues that comprise the minute observation of details—all these are of vital importance?" "But certainly. I have never said otherwise. The trained observer, the expert, without doubt he is useful! But the others, the Hercules Poirots, they are above the experts! To them the experts bring the facts, their business is the method of the crime, its logical deduction, the proper sequence and order of the facts; above all, the true psychology of the case. You have hunted the fox, yes?" "I have hunted a bit, now and again," I said, rather bewildered by this abrupt change of subject. "Why?" "_Eh bien___, this hunting of the fox, you need the dogs, no?" "Hounds," I corrected gently. "Yes, of course." "But yet," Poirot wagged his finger at me. "You did not descend from your horse and run along the ground smelling with your nose and uttering loud Ow Ows?" In spite of myself I laughed immoderately. Poirot nodded in a satisfied manner. "So. You leave the work of the d— hounds to the hounds. Yet you demand that I, Hercule Poirot, should make myself ridiculous by lying down (possibly on damp grass) to study hypothetical footprints, and should scoop up cigarette ash when I do not know one kind from the other. Remember the Plymouth Express mystery. The good Japp departed to make a survey of the railway line. When he returned, I, without having moved from my apartments, was able to tell him exactly what he had found." "So you are of the opinion that Japp wasted his time." "Not at all, since his evidence confirmed my theory. But _I___ should have wasted my time if _I___ had gone. It is the same with so called ‘experts.' Remember the handwriting testimony in the Cavendish Case. One counsel's questioning brings out testimony as to the resemblances, the defence brings evidence to show dissimilarity. All the language is very technical. And the result? What we all knew in the first place. The writing was very like that of John Cavendish. And the psychological mind is faced with the question ‘Why?' Because it was actually his? Or because some one wished us to think it was his? I answered that question, _mon ami___, and answered it correctly." And Poirot, having effectually silenced, if not convinced me, leaned back with a satisfied air. On the boat, I knew better than to disturb my friend's solitude. The weather was gorgeous, and the sea as smooth as the proverbial mill-pond, so I was hardly surprised to hear that Laverguier's method had once more justified itself when a smiling Poirot joined me on disembarking at Calais. A disappointment was in store for us, as no car had been sent to meet us, but Poirot put this down to his telegram having been delayed in transit. "Since it is _carte blanche___, we will hire a car," he said cheerfully. And a few minutes later saw us creaking and jolting along, in the most ramshackle of automobiles that ever plied for hire, in the direction of Merlinville. My spirits were at their highest. "What gorgeous air!" I exclaimed. "This promises to be a delightful trip." "For you, yes. For me, I have work to do, remember, at our journey's end." "Bah!" I said cheerfully. "You will discover all, ensure this Mr. Renauld's safety, run the would-be assassins to earth, and all will finish in a blaze of glory." "You are sanguine, my friend." "Yes, I feel absolutely assured of success. Are you not the one and only Hercule Poirot?" But my little friend did not rise to the bait. He was observing me gravely. "You are what the Scotch people call ‘fey,' Hastings. It presages disaster." "Nonsense. At any rate, you do not share my feelings." "No, but I am afraid." "Afraid of what?" "I do not know. But I have a premonition—a _je ne sais quoi!___" He spoke so gravely, that I was impressed in spite of myself. "I have a feeling," he said slowly, "that this is going to be a big affair—a long, troublesome problem that will not be easy to work out." I would have questioned him further, but we were just coming into the little town of Merlinville, and we slowed up to inquire the way to the Villa Geneviève. "Straight on, monsieur, through the town. The Villa Geneviève is about half a mile the other side. You cannot miss it. A big Villa, overlooking the sea." We thanked our informant, and drove on, leaving the town behind. A fork in the road brought us to a second halt. A peasant was trudging towards us, and we waited for him to come up to us in order to ask the way again. There was a tiny Villa standing right by the road, but it was too small and dilapidated to be the one we wanted. As we waited, the gate of it swung open and a girl came out. The peasant was passing us now, and the driver leaned forward from his seat and asked for direction. "The Villa Geneviève? Just a few steps up this road to the right, monsieur. You could see it if it were not for the curve." The chauffeur thanked him, and started the car again. My eyes were fascinated by the girl who still stood, with one hand on the gate, watching us. I am an admirer of beauty, and here was one whom nobody could have passed without remark. Very tall, with the proportions of a young goddess, her uncovered golden head gleaming in the sunlight, I swore to myself that she was one of the most beautiful girls I had ever seen. As we swung up the rough road, I turned my head to look after her. "By Jove, Poirot," I exclaimed, "did you see that young goddess." Poirot raised his eyebrows. "_Ça commence!___" he murmured. "Already you have seen a goddess!" "But, hang it all, wasn't she?" "Possibly. I did not remark the fact." "Surely you noticed her?" "_Mon ami___, two people rarely see the same thing. You, for instance, saw a goddess. I he hesitated. "Yes?" "I saw only a girl with anxious eyes," said Poirot gravely. But at that moment we drew up at a big green gate, and, simultaneously, we both uttered an exclamation. Before it stood an imposing _sergent de ville___. He held up his hand to bar our way. "You cannot pass, monsieurs." "But we wish to see Mr. Renauld," I cried. "We have an appointment. This is his Villa, isn't it?" "Yes, monsieur, but Poirot leaned forward. "But what?" "M. Renauld was murdered this morning." In a moment Poirot had leapt from the car, his eyes blazing with excitement. He caught the man by the shoulder. "What is that you say? Murdered? When? How?" The _sergent de ville___ drew himself up. "I cannot answer any questions, monsieur." "True. I comprehend." Poirot reflected for a minute. "The Commissary of Police, he is without doubt within?" "Yes, monsieur." Poirot took out a card, and scribbled a few words on it. "_Voilà!___ Will you have the goodness to see that this card is sent in to the commissary at once?" The man took it and, turning his head over his shoulder, whistled. In a few seconds a comrade joined him and was handed Poirot's message. There was a wait of some minutes, and then a short stout man with a huge moustache came bustling down to the gate. The _sergent de ville___ saluted and stood aside. "My dear M. Poirot," cried the new-comer, "I am delighted to see you. Your arrival is most opportune." Poirot's face had lighted up. "M. Bex! This is indeed a pleasure." He turned to me. "This is an English friend of mine, Captain Hastings—M. Lucien Bex." The commissary and I bowed to each other ceremoniously, then M. Bex turned once more to Poirot. "_Mon vieux___, I have not seen you since 1909, that time in Ostend. I heard that you had left the Force?" "So I have. I run a private business in London." "And you say you have information to give which may assist us?" "Possibly you know it already. You were aware that I had been sent for?" "No. By whom?" "The dead man. It seems he knew an attempt was going to be made on his life. Unfortunately he sent for me too late." "_Sacri tonnerre!___" ejaculated the Frenchman. "So he foresaw his own murder? That upsets our theories considerably! But come inside." He held the gate open, and we commenced walking towards the house. M. Bex continued to talk: "The examining magistrate, M. Hautet, must hear of this at once. He has just finished examining the scene of the crime and is about to begin his interrogations. A charming man. You will like him. Most sympathetic. Original in his methods, but an excellent judge." "When was the crime committed?" asked Poirot. "The body was discovered this morning about nine o'clock. Madame Renauld's evidence, and that of the doctors goes to show that the death must have occurred about 2 a.m. But enter, I pray of you." We had arrived at the steps which led up to the front door of the Villa. In the hall another _sergent de ville___ was sitting. He rose at sight of the commissary. "Where is M. Hautet now?" inquired the latter. "In the _salon___, monsieur." M. Bex opened a door to the left of the hall, and we passed in. M. Hautet and his clerk were sitting at a big round table. They looked up as we entered. The commissary introduced us, and explained our presence. M. Hautet, the Juge d'Instruction, was a tall, gaunt man, with piercing dark eyes, and a neatly cut grey beard, which he had a habit of caressing as he talked. Standing by the mantelpiece was an elderly man, with slightly stooping shoulders, who was introduced to us as Dr. Durand. "Most extraordinary," remarked M. Hautet, as the commissary finished speaking. "You have the letter here, monsieur?" Poirot handed it to him, and the magistrate read it. "H'm. He speaks of a secret. What a pity he was not more explicit. We are much indebted to you, M. Poirot. I hope you will do us the honour of assisting us in our investigations. Or are you obliged to return to London?" "M. le juge, I propose to remain. I did not arrive in time to prevent my client's death, but I feel myself bound in honour to discover the assassin." The magistrate bowed. "These sentiments do you honour. Also, without doubt, Madame Renauld will wish to retain your services. We are expecting M. Giraud from the Sûreté in Paris any moment, and I am sure that you and he will be able to give each other mutual assistance in your investigations. In the meantime, I hope that you will do me the honour to be present at my interrogations, and I need hardly say that if there is any assistance you require it is at your disposal." "I thank you, monsieur. You will comprehend that at present I am completely in the dark. M. Hautet nodded to the commissary, and the latter took up the tale: "This morning, the old servant Françoise, on descending to start her work, found the front door ajar. Feeling a momentary alarm as to burglars, she looked into the dining-room, but seeing the silver was safe she thought no more about it, concluding that her master had, without doubt, risen early, and gone for a stroll." "Pardon, monsieur, for interrupting, but was that a common practice of his?" "No, it was not, but old Françoise has the common idea as regards the English—that they are mad, and liable to do the most unaccountable things at any moment! Going to call her mistress as usual, a younger maid, Léonie, was horrified to discover her gagged and bound, and almost at the same moment news was brought that M. Renauld's body had been discovered, stone dead, stabbed in the back." "Where?" "That is one of the most extraordinary features of the case. M. Poirot, the body was lying, face downwards, _in an open grave___." "What?" "Yes. The pit was freshly dug—just a few yards outside the boundary of the Villa grounds." "And he had been dead—how long?" Dr. Durand answered this. "I examined the body this morning at ten o'clock. Death must have taken place at least seven, and possibly ten hours previously." "H'm, that fixes it at between midnight and 3 a.m." "Exactly, and Madame Renauld's evidence places it at after 2 a.m. which narrows the field still further. Death must have been instantaneous, and naturally could not have been self-inflicted." Poirot nodded, and the commissary resumed: "Madame Renauld was hastily freed from the cords that bound her by the horrified servants. She was in a terrible condition of weakness, almost unconscious from the pain of her bonds. It appears that two masked men entered the bedroom, gagged and bound her, whilst forcibly abducting her husband. This we know at second hand from the servants. On hearing the tragic news, she fell at once into an alarming state of agitation. On arrival, Dr. Durand immediately prescribed a sedative, and we have not yet been able to question her. But without doubt she will awake more calm, and be equal to bearing the strain of the interrogation." The commissary paused. "And the inmates of the house, monsieur?" "There is old Françoise, the housekeeper, she lived for many years with the former owners of the Villa Geneviève. Then there are two young girls, sisters, Denise and Léonie Oulard. Their home is in Merlinville, and they come of the most respectable parents. Then there is the chauffeur whom M. Renauld brought over from England with him, but he is away on a holiday. Finally there are Madame Renauld and her son, M. Jack Renauld. He, too, is away from home at present." Poirot bowed his head. M. Hautet spoke: "Marchaud!" The _sergent de ville___ appeared. "Bring in the woman Françoise." The man saluted, and disappeared. In a moment or two, he returned, escorting the frightened Françoise. "You name is Françoise Arrichet?" "Yes, monsieur." "You have been a long time in service at the Villa Geneviève?" "Eleven years with Madame la Vicomtesse. Then when she sold the Villa this spring, I consented to remain on with the English milor. Never did I imagine The magistrate cut her short. "Without doubt, without doubt. Now, Françoise, in this matter of the front door, whose business was it to fasten it at night?" "Mine, monsieur. Always I saw to it myself." "And last night?" "I fastened it as usual." "You are sure of that?" "I swear it by the blessed saints, monsieur." "What time would that be?" "The same time as usual, half-past ten, monsieur." "What about the rest of the household, had they gone up to bed?" "Madame had retired some time before. Denise and Léonie went up with me. Monsieur was still in his study." "Then, if any one unfastened the door afterwards, it must have been M. Renauld himself?" Françoise shrugged her broad shoulders. "What should he do that for? With robbers and assassins passing every minute! A nice idea! Monsieur was not an imbecile. It is not as though he had had to let _cette dame___ out The magistrate interrupted sharply: "_Cette dame?___ What lady do you mean?" "Why, the lady who came to see him." "Had a lady been to see him that evening?" "But yes, monsieur—and many other evenings as well." "Who was she? Did you know her?" A rather cunning look spread over the woman's face. "How should I know who it was?" she grumbled. "I did not let her in last night." "Aha!" roared the examining magistrate, bringing his hand down with a bang on the table. "You would trifle with the police, would you? I demand that you tell me at once the name of this woman who came to visit M. Renauld in the evenings." "The police—the police," grumbled Françoise. "Never did I think that I should be mixed up with the police. But I know well enough who she was. It was Madame Daubreuil." The commissary uttered an exclamation, and leaned forward as though in utter astonishment. "Madame Daubreuil—from the Villa Marguerite just down the road?" "That is what I said, monsieur. Oh, she is a pretty one, _cellela!___" The old woman tossed her head scornfully. "Madame Daubreuil," murmured the commissary. "Impossible." "_Voilà,___" grumbled Françoise. "That is all you get for telling the truth." "Not at all," said the examining magistrate soothingly. "We were surprised, that is all. Madame Daubreuil then, and Monsieur Renauld, they were he paused delicately. "Eh? It was that without doubt?" "How should I know? But what will you? Monsieur, he was _milor anglais___—_trés riche___—and Madame Daubreuil, she was poor, that one—and _trés chic___ for all that she lives so quietly with her daughter. Not a doubt of it, she has had her history! She is no longer young, but _ma foi!___ I who speak to you have seen the men's heads turn after her as she goes down the street. Besides lately, she has had more money to spend—all the town knows it. The little economies, they are at an end." And Françoise shook her head with an air of unalterable certainty. M. Hautet stroked his beard reflectively. "And Madame Renauld?" he asked at length. "How did she take this—friendship." Françoise shrugged her shoulders. "She was always most amiable—most polite. One would say that she suspected nothing. But all the same, is it not so, the heart suffers, monsieur? Day by day, I have watched Madame grow paler and thinner. She was not the same woman who arrived here a month ago. Monsieur, too, has changed. He also has had his worries. One could see that he was on the brink of a crisis of the nerves. And who could wonder, with an affair conducted such a fashion? No reticence, no discretion. _Style anglais___, without doubt!" I bounded indignantly in my seat, but the examining magistrate was continuing his questions, undistracted by side issues. "You say that M. Renauld had not to let Madame Daubreuil out? Had she left, then?" "Yes, monsieur. I heard them come out of the study and go to the door. Monsieur said good night, and shut the door after her." "What time was that?" "About twenty-five minutes after ten, monsieur." "Do you know when M. Renauld went to bed?" "I heard him come up about ten minutes after we did. The stair creaks so that one hears every one who goes up and down." "And that is all? You heard no sound of disturbance during the night?" "Nothing whatever, monsieur." "Which of the servants came down the first in the morning?" "I did, monsieur. At once I saw the door swinging open." "What about the other downstairs windows, were they all fastened?" "Every one of them. There was nothing suspicious or out of place anywhere." "Good, Françoise, you can go." The old woman shuffled towards the door. On the threshold she looked back. "I will tell you one thing, monsieur. That Madame Daubreuil she is a bad one! Oh, yes, one woman knows about another. She is a bad one, remember that." And, shaking her head sagely, Françoise left the room. "Léonie Oulard," called the magistrate. Léonie appeared dissolved in tears, and inclined to be hysterical. M. Hautet dealt with her adroitly. Her evidence was mainly concerned with the discovery of her mistress gagged and bound, of which she gave rather an exaggerated account. She, like Françoise, had heard nothing during the night. Her sister, Denise, succeeded her. She agreed that her master had changed greatly of late. "Every day he became more and more morose. He ate less. He was always depressed." But Denise had her own theory. "Without doubt it was the Mafia he had on his track! Two masked men—who else could it be? A terrible society that!" "It is, of course, possible," said the magistrate smoothly. "Now, my girl, was it you who admitted Madame Daubreuil to the house last night?" "Not _last___ night, monsieur, the night before." "But Françoise has just told us that Madame Daubreuil was here last night?" "No, monsieur. A lady _did___ come to see M. Renauld last night, but it was not Madame Daubreuil." Surprised, the magistrate insisted, but the girl held firm. She knew Madame Daubreuil perfectly by sight. This lady was dark also, but shorter, and much younger. Nothing could shake her statement. "Had you ever seen this lady before?" "Never, monsieur." And then the girl added diffidently: "But I think she was English." "English?" "Yes, monsieur. She asked for M. Renauld in quite good French, but the accent—one can always tell it, _n'est-ce pas?___ Besides when they came out of the study they were speaking in English." "Did you hear what they said? Could you understand it, I mean?" "Me, I speak the English very well," said Denise with pride. "The lady was speaking too fast for me to catch what she said, but I heard Monsieur's last words as he opened the door for her." She paused, and then repeated carefully and laboriously: "\u200a‘Yeas—yeas—butt for Gaud's saike go nauw!' " "Yes, yes, but for God's sake go now!" repeated the magistrate. He dismissed Denise and, after a moment or two for consideration, recalled Françoise. To her he propounded the question as to whether she had not made a mistake in fixing the night of Madame Daubreuil's visit. Françoise, however, proved unexpectedly obstinate. It was last night that Madame Daubreuil had come. Without a doubt it was she. Denise wished to make herself interesting, _voilà tout!___ So she had cooked up this fine tale about a strange lady. Airing her knowledge of English too! Probably Monsieur had never spoken that sentence in English at all, and even if he had, it proved nothing, for Madame Daubreuil spoke English perfectly, and generally used that language when talking to M. and Madame Renauld. "You see, M. Jack, the son of Monsieur, was usually here, and he spoke the French very badly." The magistrate did not insist. Instead he inquired about the chauffeur, and learned that only yesterday, M. Renauld had declared that he was not likely to use the car, and that Masters might just as well take a holiday. A perplexed frown was beginning to gather between Poirot's eyes. "What is it?" I whispered. He shook his head impatiently, and asked a question: "Pardon, M. Bex, but without doubt M. Renauld could drive the car himself?" The commissary looked over at Françoise, and the old woman replied promptly: "No, Monsieur did not drive himself." Poirot's frown deepened. "I wish you would tell me what is worrying you," I said impatiently. "See you not? In his letter M. Renauld speaks of sending the car for me to Calais." "Perhaps he meant a hired car," I suggested. "Doubtless that is so. But why hire a car when you have one of your own. Why choose yesterday to send away the chauffeur on a holiday—suddenly, at a moment's notice? Was it that for some reason he wanted him out of the way before we arrived?" Françoise had left the room. The magistrate was drumming thoughtfully on the table. "M. Bex," he said at length, "here we have directly conflicting testimony. Which are we to believe, Françoise or Denise?" "Denise," said the commissary decidedly. "It was she who let the visitor in. Françoise is old and obstinate, and has evidently taken a dislike to Madame Daubreuil. Besides, our own knowledge tends to show that Renauld was entangled with another woman." "_Tiens!___" cried M. Hautet. "We have forgotten to inform M. Poirot of that." He searched amongst the papers on the table, and finally handed the one he was in search of to my friend. "This letter, M. Poirot, we found in the pocket of the dead man's overcoat." Poirot took it and unfolded it. It was somewhat worn and crumbled, and was written in English in a rather unformed hand: "_My dearest one:___" Why have you not written for so long? You do love me still, don't you? Your letters lately have been so different, cold and strange, and now this long silence. It makes me afraid. If you were to stop loving me! But that's impossible—what a silly kid I am—always imagining things! But if you _did___ stop loving me, I don't know what I should do—kill myself perhaps! I couldn't live without you. Sometimes I fancy another woman is coming between us. Let her look out, that's all—and you too! I'd as soon kill you as let her have you! I mean it. "But there, I'm writing high-flown nonsense. You love me, and I love you—yes, love you, love you, love you! "Your own adoring "BELLA." There was no address or date. Poirot handed it back with a grave face. "And the assumption is, M. le juge—?" The examining magistrate shrugged his shoulders. "Obviously M. Renauld was entangled with this Englishwoman—Bella. He comes over here, meets Madame Daubreuil, and starts an intrigue with her. He cools off to the other, and she instantly suspects something. This letter contains a distinct threat. M. Poirot, at first sight the case seemed simplicity itself. Jealousy! The fact that M. Renauld was stabbed in the back seemed to point distinctly to its being a woman's crime." Poirot nodded. "The stab in the back, yes—but not the grave! That was laborious work, hard work—no woman dug that grave, monsieur. That was a man's doing." The commissary exclaimed excitedly: "Yes, yes, you are right. We did not think of that." "As I said," continued M. Hautet, "at first sight the case seemed simple, but the masked men, and the letter you received from M. Renauld complicate matters. Here we seem to have an entirely different set of circumstances, with no relationship between the two. As regards the letter written to yourself, do you think it is possible that it referred in any way to this ‘Bella,' and her threats?" Poirot shook his head. "Hardly. A man like M. Renauld, who has led an adventurous life in out-of-the-way places, would not be likely to ask for protection against a woman." The examining magistrate nodded his head emphatically. "My view exactly. Then we must look for the explanation of the letter "In Santiago," finished the commissary. "I shall cable without delay to the police in that city, requesting full details of the murdered man's life out there, his love affairs, his business transactions, his friendships, and any enmities he may have incurred. It will be strange if, after that, we do not hold a clue to his mysterious murder." The commissary looked round for approval. "Excellent," said Poirot appreciatively. "His wife, too, may be able to give us a pointer," added the magistrate. "You have found no other letters from this Bella amongst M. Renauld's effects?" asked Poirot. "No. Of course one of our first proceedings was to search through his private papers in the study. We found nothing of interest, however. All seemed square and above-board. The only thing at all out of the ordinary was his will. Here it is." Poirot ran through the document. "So. A legacy of a thousand pounds to Mr. Stonor—who is he, by the way?" "M. Renauld's secretary. He remained in England, but was over here once or twice for a week-end." "And everything else left unconditionally to his beloved wife, Eloise. Simply drawn up, but perfectly legal. Witnessed by the two servants, Denise and Françoise. Nothing so very unusual about that." He handed it back. "Perhaps," began Bex, "you did not notice "The date?" twinkled Poirot. "But yes, I noticed it. A fortnight ago. Possibly it marks his first intimation of danger. Many rich men die intestate through never considering the likelihood of their demise. But it is dangerous to draw conclusions prematurely. It points, however, to his having a real liking and fondness for his wife, in spite of his amorous intrigues." "Yes," said M. Hautet doubtfully. "But it is possibly a little unfair on his son, since it leaves him entirely dependent on his mother. If she were to marry again, and her second husband obtained an ascendancy over her, this boy might never touch a penny of his father's money." Poirot shrugged his shoulders. "Man is a vain animal. M. Renauld figured to himself, without doubt, that his widow would never marry again. As to the son, it may have been a wise precaution to leave the money in his mother's hands. The sons of rich men are proverbially wild." "It may be as you say. Now, M. Poirot, you would without doubt like to visit the scene of the crime. I am sorry that the body has been removed, but of course photographs have been taken from every conceivable angle, and will be at your disposal as soon as they are available." "I thank you, monsieur, for all your courtesy." The commissary rose. "Come with me, monsieurs." He opened the door, and bowed ceremoniously to Poirot to precede him. Poirot, with equal politeness, drew back and bowed to the commissary. "Monsieur." "Monsieur." At last they got out into the hall. "That room there, it is the study, _hein?___" asked Poirot suddenly, nodding towards the door opposite. "Yes. You would like to see it?" He threw the door open as he spoke, and we entered. The room which M. Renauld had chosen for his own particular use was small, but furnished with great taste and comfort. A businesslike writing desk, with many pigeon holes, stood in the window. Two large leather-covered armchairs faced the fireplace, and between them was a round table covered with the latest books and magazines. Bookshelves lined two of the walls, and at the end of the room opposite the window there was a handsome oak sideboard with a tantalus on top. The curtains and _portière___ were of a soft dull green, and the carpet matched them in tone. Poirot stood a moment talking in the room, then he stepped forward, passed his hand lightly over the backs of the leather chairs, picked up a magazine from the table, and drew a finger gingerly over the surface of the oak sideboard. His face expressed complete approval. "No dust?" I asked, with a smile. He beamed on me, appreciative of my knowledge of his peculiarities. "Not a particle, _mon ami!___ And for once, perhaps, it is a pity." His sharp, birdlike eyes darted here and there. "Ah!" he remarked suddenly, with an intonation of relief. "The hearth-rug is crooked," and he bent down to straighten it. Suddenly he uttered an exclamation and rose. In his hand he held a small fragment of paper. "In France, as in England," he remarked, "the domestics omit to sweep under the mats!" Bex took the fragment from him, and I came closer to examine it. "You recognize it—eh, Hastings?" I shook my head, puzzled—and yet that particular shade of pink paper was very familiar. The commissary's mental processes were quicker than mine. "A fragment of a cheque," he exclaimed. The piece of paper was roughly about two inches square. On it was written in ink the word "Duveen." "_Bien___," said Bex. "This cheque was payable to, or drawn by, one named Duveen." "The former, I fancy," said Poirot, "for, if I am not mistaken, the handwriting is that of M. Renauld." That was soon established, by comparing it with a memorandum from the desk. "Dear me," murmured the commissary, with a crestfallen air, "I really cannot imagine how I came to overlook this." Poirot laughed. "The moral of that is, always look under the mats! My friend Hastings here will tell you that anything in the least crooked is a torment to me. As soon as I saw that the hearth-rug was out of the straight, I said to myself: ‘_Tiens!___ The leg of the chair caught it in Possibly there may be something beneath it which the good Françoise overlooked.' " "Françoise?" "Or Denise, or Léonie. Whoever did this room. Since there is no dust, the room _must___ have been done this morning. I reconstruct the incident like this. Yesterday, possibly last night, M. Renauld drew a cheque to the order of some one named Duveen. Afterwards it was torn up, and scattered on the floor. This morning But M. Bex was already pulling impatiently at the bell. Françoise answered it. Yes, there had been a lot of pieces of paper on the floor. What had she done with them? Put them in the kitchen stove of course! What else? With a gesture of despair, Bex dismissed her. Then, his face lightening, he ran to the desk. In a minute he was hunting through the dead man's cheque book. Then he repeated his former gesture. The last counterfoil was blank. "Courage!" cried Poirot, clapping him on the back. "Without doubt, Madame Renauld will be able to tell us all about this mysterious person named Duveen." The commissary's face cleared. "That is true. Let us proceed." As we turned to leave the room, Poirot remarked casually: "It was here that M. Renauld received his guest last night, eh?" "It was—but how did you know?" "By _this___. I found it on the back of the leather chair." And he held up between his finger and thumb a long black hair—a woman's hair! M. Bex took us out by the back of the house to where there was a small shed leaning against the house. He produced a key from his pocket and unlocked it. "The body is here. We moved it from the scene of the crime just before you arrived, as the photographers had done with it." He opened the door and we passed in. The murdered man lay on the ground, with a sheet over him. M. Bex dexterously whipped off the covering. Renauld was a man of medium height, slender and lithe in figure. He looked about fifty years of age, and his dark hair was plentifully streaked with grey. He was clean shaven with a long thin nose, and eyes set rather close together, and his skin was deeply bronzed, as that of a man who had spent most of his life beneath tropical skies. His lips were drawn back from his teeth and an expression of absolute amazement and terror was stamped on the livid features. "One can see by his face that he was stabbed in the back," remarked Poirot. Very gently, he turned the dead man over. There, between the shoulder-blades, staining the light fawn overcoat, was a round dark patch. In the middle of it there was a slit in the cloth. Poirot examined it narrowly. "Have you any idea with what weapon the crime was committed?" "It was left in the wound." The commissary reached down a large glass jar. In it was a small object that looked to me more like a paper-knife than anything else. It had a black handle, and a narrow shining blade. The whole thing was not more than ten inches long. Poirot tested the discoloured point gingerly with his finger tip. "_Ma foi!___ but it is sharp! A nice easy little tool for murder!" "Unfortunately, we could find no trace of fingerprints on it," remarked Bex regretfully. "The murderer must have worn gloves." "Of course he did," said Poirot contemptuously. "Even in Santiago they know enough for that. The veriest amateur of an English Mees knows it—thanks to the publicity the Bertillon system has been given in the Press. All the same, it interests me very much that there were no finger-prints. It is so amazingly simple to leave the finger-prints of some one else! And then the police are happy." He shook his head. "I very much fear our criminal is not a man of method—either that or he was pressed for time. But we shall see." He let the body fall back into its original position. "He wore only underclothes under his overcoat, I see," he remarked. "Yes, the examining magistrate thinks that is rather a curious point." At this minute there was a tap on the door which Bex had closed after him. He strode forward and opened it. Françoise was there. She endeavoured to peep in with ghoulish curiosity. "Well, what is it?" demanded Bex impatiently. "Madame. She sends a message that she is much recovered, and is quite ready to receive the examining magistrate." "Good," said M. Bex briskly. "Tell M. Hautet and say that we will come at once." Poirot lingered a moment, looking back towards the body. I thought for a moment that he was going to apostrophize it, to declare aloud his determination never to rest till he had discovered the murderer. But when he spoke, it was tamely and awkwardly, and his comment was ludicrously inappropriate to the solemnity of the moment. "He wore his overcoat very long," he said constrainedly. We found M. Hautet awaiting us in the hall, and we all proceeded upstairs together, Françoise marching ahead to show us the way. Poirot went up in a zigzag fashion which puzzled me, until he whispered with a grimace: "No wonder the servants heard M. Renauld mounting the stairs; not a board of them but creaks fit to wake the dead!" At the head of the staircase, a small passage branched off. "The servants' quarters," explained Bex. We continued along a corridor, and Françoise tapped on the last door to the right of it. A faint voice bade us enter, and we passed into a large sunny apartment looking out towards the sea, which showed blue and sparkling about a quarter of a mile distant. On a couch, propped up with cushions, and attended by Dr. Durand, lay a tall, striking-looking woman. She was middle-aged, and her once dark hair was now almost entirely silvered, but the intense vitality and strength of her personality would have made itself felt anywhere. You knew at once that you were in the presence of what the French call "_une maitresse femme___." She greeted us with a dignified inclination of the head. "Pray be seated, monsieurs." We took chairs, and the magistrate's clerk established himself at a round table. "I hope, madame," began M. Hautet, "that it will not distress you unduly to relate to us what occurred last night?" "Not at all, monsieur. I know the value of time, if these scoundrelly assassins are to be caught and punished." "Very well, madame. It will fatigue you less, I think, if I ask you questions and you confine yourself to answering them. At what time did you go to bed last night?" "At half-past nine, monsieur. I was tired." "And your husband?" "About an hour later, I fancy." "Did he seem disturbed—upset in any way?" "No, not more than usual." "What happened then?" "We slept. I was awakened by a hand being pressed over my mouth. I tried to scream out, but the hand prevented me. There were two men in the room. They were both masked." "Can you describe them at all, madame?" "One was very tall, and had a long black beard, the other was short and stout. His beard was reddish. They both wore hats pulled down over their eyes." "H'm," said the magistrate thoughtfully, "too much beard, I fear." "You mean they were false?" "Yes, madame. But continue your story." "It was the short man who was holding me. He forced a gag into my mouth, and then bound me with rope hand and foot. The other man was standing over my husband. He had caught up my little dagger paper-knife from the dressing-table and was holding it with the point just over his heart. When the short man had finished with me, he joined the other, and they forced my husband to get up and accompany them into the dressing-room next door. I was nearly fainting with terror, nevertheless I listened desperately. "They were speaking in too low a tone for me to hear what they said. But I recognized the language, a bastard Spanish such as is spoken in some parts of South America. They seemed to be demanding something from my husband, and presently they grew angry, and their voices rose a little. I think the tall man was speaking. ‘You know what we want!' he said. ‘_The secret!___ Where is it?' I do not know what my husband answered, but the other replied fiercely: ‘You lie! We know you have it. Where are your keys?' "Then I heard sounds of drawers being pulled out. There is a safe on the wall of my husband's dressing-room in which he always keeps a fairly large amount of ready money. Léonie tells me this has been rifled and the money taken, but evidently what they were looking for was not there, for presently I heard the tall man, with an oath, command my husband to dress himself. Soon after that, I think some noise in the house must have disturbed them, for they hustled my husband out into my room only half dressed." "_Pardon___," interrupted Poirot, "but is there then no other egress from the dressing-room?" "No, monsieur, there is only the communicating door into my room. They hurried my husband through, the short man in front, and the tall man behind him with the dagger still in his hand. Paul tried to break away to come to me. I saw his agonized eyes. He turned to his captors. ‘I must speak to her,' he said. Then, coming to the side of the bed, ‘It is all right, Eloise,' he said. ‘Do not be afraid. I shall return before morning.' But, although he tried to make his voice confident, I could see the terror in his eyes. Then they hustled him out of the door, the tall man saying: ‘One sound—and you are a dead man, remember.' "After that," continued Mrs. Renauld, "I must have fainted. The next thing I recollect is Léonie rubbing my wrists, and giving me brandy." "Madame Renauld," said the magistrate, "had you any idea what it was for which the assassins were searching?" "None whatever, monsieur." "Had you any knowledge that your husband feared something?" "Yes. I had seen the change in him." "How long ago was that?" Mrs. Renauld reflected. "Ten days perhaps." "Not longer?" "Possibly. I only noticed it then." "Did you question your husband at all as to the cause?" "Once. He put me off evasively. Nevertheless, I was convinced that he was suffering some terrible anxiety. However, since he evidently wished to conceal the fact from me, I tried to pretend that I had noticed nothing." "Were you aware that he had called in the services of a detective?" "A detective?" exclaimed Mrs. Renauld, very much surprised. "Yes, this gentleman—M. Hercule Poirot." Poirot bowed. "He arrived today in response to a summons from your husband." And taking the letter written by M. Renauld from his pocket he handed it to the lady. She read it with apparently genuine astonishment. "I had no idea of this. Evidently he was fully cognizant of the danger." "Now, madame, I will beg of you to be frank with me. Is there any incident in your husband's past life in South America which might throw light on his murder?" Mrs. Renauld reflected deeply, but at last shook her head. "I can think of none. Certainly my husband had many enemies, people he had got the better of in some way or another, but I can think of no one distinctive case. I do not say there is no such incident—only that I am not aware of it." The examining magistrate stroked his beard disconsolately. "And you can fix the time of this outrage?" "Yes, I distinctly remember hearing the clock on the mantelpiece strike two." She nodded towards an eight-day travelling clock in a leather case which stood in the centre of the chimney-piece. Poirot rose from his seat, scrutinized the clock carefully, and nodded, satisfied. "And here too," exclaimed M. Bex, "is a wrist watch, knocked off the dressing-table by the assassins, without doubt, and smashed to atoms. Little did they know it would testify against them." Gently he picked away the fragments of broken glass. Suddenly his face changed to one of utter stupefaction. "_Mon Dieu!___" he ejaculated. "What is it?" "The hands of the watch point to seven o'clock!" "What?" cried the examining magistrate, astonished. But Poirot, deft as ever, took the broken trinket from the startled commissary, and held it to his ear. Then he smiled. "The glass is broken, yes, but the watch itself is still going." The explanation of the mystery was greeted with a relieved smile. But the magistrate bethought him of another point. "But surely it is not seven o'clock now?" "No," said Poirot gently, "it is a few minutes after five. Possibly the watch gains, is that so, madame?" Mrs. Renauld was frowning perplexedly. "It does gain," she admitted, "but I've never known it to gain quite so much as that." With a gesture of impatience, the magistrate left the matter of the watch and proceeded with his interrogatory. "Madame, the front door was found ajar. It seems almost certain that the murderers entered that way, yet it has not been forced at all. Can you suggest any explanation?" "Possibly my husband went out for a stroll the last thing, and forgot to latch it when he came in." "Is that a likely thing to happen?" "Very. My husband was the most absent-minded of men." There was a slight frown on her brow as she spoke, as though this trait in the dead man's character had at times vexed her. "There is one inference I think we might draw," remarked the commissary suddenly. "Since the men insisted on M. Renauld dressing himself, it looks as though the place they were taking him to, the place where ‘the secret' was concealed, lay some distance away." The magistrate nodded. "Yes, far, and yet not too far, since he spoke of being back by morning." "What times does the last train leave the station of Merlinville?" asked Poirot. "Eleven-fifty one way, and 12:17 the other, but it is more probable that they had a motor waiting." "Of course," agreed Poirot, looking somewhat crestfallen. "Indeed, that might be one way of tracing them," continued the magistrate, brightening. "A motor containing two foreigners is quite likely to have been noticed. That is an excellent point, M. Bex." He smiled to himself, and then, becoming grave once more, he said to Mrs. Renauld: "There is another question. Do you know any one of the name of ‘Duveen'?" "Duveen?" Mrs. Renauld repeated, thoughtfully. "No, for the moment, I cannot say I do." "You have never heard your husband mention any one of that name?" "Never." "Do you know any one whose Christian name is Bella?" He watched Mrs. Renauld narrowly as he spoke, seeking to surprise any signs of anger or consciousness, but she merely shook her head in quite a natural manner. He continued his questions. "Are you aware that your husband had a visitor last night?" Now he saw the red mount slightly in her cheeks, but she replied composedly. "No, who was that?" "A lady." "Indeed?" But for the moment the magistrate was content to say no more. It seemed unlikely that Madame Daubreuil had any connection with the crime, and he was anxious not to upset Mrs. Renauld more than necessary. He made a sign to the commissary, and the latter replied with a nod. Then rising, he went across the room, and returned with the glass jar we had seen in the outhouse in his hand. From this, he took the dagger. "Madame," he said gently, "do you recognize this?" She gave a little cry. "Yes, that is my little dagger." Then—she saw the stained point, and she drew back, her eyes widening with horror. "Is that—blood?" "Yes, madame. Your husband was killed with this weapon." He removed it hastily from sight. "You are quite sure about it's being the one that was on your dressing-table last night?" "Oh, yes. It was a present from my son. He was in the Air Force during the War. He gave his age as older than it was." There was a touch of the proud mother in her voice. "This was made from a streamline aeroplane wire, and was given to me by my son as a souvenir of the War." "I see, madame. That brings us to another matter. Your son, where is he now? It is necessary that he should be telegraphed to without delay." "Jack? He is on his way to Buenos Ayres." "What?" "Yes. My husband telegraphed to him yesterday. He had sent him on business to Paris, but yesterday he discovered that it would be necessary for him to proceed without delay to South America. There was a boat leaving Cherbourg for Buenos Ayres last night, and he wired him to catch it." "Have you any knowledge of what the business in Buenos Ayres was?" "No, monsieur, I know nothing of its nature, but Buenos Ayres is not my son's final destination. He was going overland from there to Santiago." And, in unison, the magistrate and the commissary exclaimed: "Santiago! Again Santiago!" It was at this moment, when we were all stunned by the mention of that word, that Poirot approached Mrs. Renauld. He had been standing by the window like a man lost in a dream, and I doubt if he had fully taken in what had passed. He paused by the lady's side with a bow. "_Pardon___, madame, but may I examine your wrists." Though slightly surprised at the request, Mrs. Renauld held them out to him. Round each of them was a cruel red mark where the cords had bitten into the flesh. As he examined them, I fancied that a momentary flicker of excitement I had seen in his eyes disappeared. "They must cause you great pain," he said, and once more he looked puzzled. But the magistrate was speaking excitedly. "Young M. Renauld must be communicated with at once by wireless. It is vital that we should know anything he can tell us about this trip to Santiago." He hesitated. "I hoped he might have been near at hand, so that we could have saved you pain, madame." He paused. "You mean," she said in a low voice, "the identification of my husband's body?" The magistrate bowed his head. "I am a strong woman, monsieur. I can bear all that is required of me. I am ready—now." "Oh, tomorrow will be quite soon enough, I assure you "I prefer to get it over," she said in a low tone, a spasm of pain crossing her face. "If you will be so good as to give me your arm, Doctor?" The doctor hastened forward, a cloak was thrown over Mrs. Renauld's shoulders, and a slow procession went down the stairs. M. Bex hurried on ahead to open the door of the shed. In a minute or two Mrs. Renauld appeared in the doorway. She was very pale, but resolute. Behind her, M. Hautet was clacking commiserations and apologies like an animated hen. She raised her hand to her face. "A moment, messieurs, while I steel myself." She took her hand away and looked down at the dead man. Then the marvellous self-control which had upheld her so far deserted her. "Paul!" she cried. "Husband! Oh, God!" And pitching forward she fell unconscious to the ground. Instantly Poirot was beside her, he raised the lid of her eye, felt her pulse. When he had satisfied himself that she had really fainted, he drew aside. He caught me by the arm. "I am an imbecile, my friend! If ever there was love and grief in a woman's voice, I heard it then. My little idea was all wrong. _Eh bien!___ I must start again!" Between them, the doctor and M. Hautet carried the unconscious woman into the house. The commissary looked after them, shaking his head. "_Pauvre femme___," he murmured to himself. "The shock was too much for her. Well, well, we can do nothing. Now, M. Poirot, shall we visit the place where the crime was committed?" "If you please, M. Bex." We passed through the house, and out by the front door. Poirot had looked up at the staircase in passing, and shook his head in a dissatisfied manner. "It is to me incredible that the servants heard nothing. The creaking of that staircase, with _three___ people descending it, would awaken the dead!" "It was the middle of the night, remember. They were sound asleep by then." But Poirot continued to shake his head as though not fully accepting the explanation. On the sweep of the drive, he paused, looking up at the house. "What It was a most unlikely thing that it should be. It was far more probable that they should at once try to force a window." "But all the windows on the ground floor are barred with iron shutters," objected the commissary. Poirot pointed to a window on the first floor. "That is the window of the bedroom we have just come from, is it not? And see—there is a tree by which it would be the easiest thing in the world to mount." "Possibly," admitted the other. "But they could not have done so without leaving footprints in the flower-bed." I saw the justice of his words. There were two large oval flower-beds planted with scarlet geraniums, one each side of the steps leading up to the front door. The tree in question had its roots actually at the back of the bed itself, and it would have been impossible to reach it without stepping on the bed. "You see," continued the commissary, "owing to the dry weather no prints would show on the drive or paths; but, on the soft mould of the flower-bed, it would have been a very different affair." Poirot went close to the bed and studied it attentively. As Bex had said, the mould was perfectly smooth. There was not an indentation on it anywhere. Poirot nodded, as though convinced, and we turned away, but he suddenly darted off and began examining the other flower-bed. "M. Bex!" he called. "See here. Here are plenty of traces for you." The commissary joined him—and smiled. "My dear M. Poirot, those are without doubt the footprints of the gardener's large hobnailed boots. In any case, it would have no importance, since this side we have no tree, and consequently no means of gaining access to the upper story." "True," said Poirot, evidently crestfallen. "So you think these footprints are of no importance?" "Not the least in the world." Then, to my utter astonishment, Poirot pronounced these words: "I do not agree with you. I have a little idea that these footprints are the most important things we have seen yet." M. Bex said nothing, merely shrugged his shoulders. He was far too courteous to utter his real opinion. "Shall we proceed?" he asked instead. "Certainly. I can investigate this matter of the footprints later," said Poirot cheerfully. Instead of following the drive down to the gate, M. Bex turned up a path that branched off at right angles. It led, up a slight incline, round to the right of the house, and was bordered on either side by a kind of shrubbery. Suddenly it emerged into a little clearing from which one obtained a view of the sea. A seat had been placed here, and not far from it was a rather ramshackle shed. A few steps further on, a neat line of small bushes marked the boundary of the Villa grounds. M. Bex pushed his way through these and we found ourselves on a wide stretch of open downs. I looked round, and saw something that filled me with astonishment. "Why, this is a golf course," I cried. Bex nodded. "The limits are not completed yet," he explained. "It is hoped to be able to open them sometime next month. It was some of the men working on them who discovered the body early this morning." I gave a gasp. A little to my left, where for the moment I had overlooked it, was a long narrow pit, and by it, face downwards, was the body of a man! For a moment, my heart gave a terrible leap, and I had a wild fancy that the tragedy had been duplicated. But the commissary dispelled my illusion by moving forward with a sharp exclamation of annoyance: "What have my police been about? They had strict orders to allow no one near the place without proper credentials!" The man on the ground turned his head over his shoulder. "But I have proper credentials," he remarked, and rose slowly to his feet. "My dear M. Giraud," cried the commissary. "I had no idea that you had arrived, even. The examining magistrate has been awaiting you with the utmost impatience." As he spoke, I was scanning the new-comer with the keenest curiosity. The famous detective from the Paris Sûreté was familiar to me by name, and I was extremely interested to see him in the flesh. He was very tall, perhaps about thirty years of age, with auburn hair and moustache, and a military carriage. There was a trace of arrogance in his manner which showed that he was fully alive to his own importance. Bex introduced us, presenting Poirot as a colleague. A flicker of interest came into the detective's eye. "I know you by name, M. Poirot," he said. "You cut quite a figure in the old days, didn't you? But methods are very different now." "Crimes, though, are very much the same," remarked Poirot gently. I saw at once that Giraud was prepared to be hostile. He resented the other being associated with him, and I felt that if he came across any clue of importance he would be more than likely to keep it to himself. "The examining magistrate began Bex again. But Giraud interrupted him rudely: "A fig for the examining magistrate! The light is the important thing. For all practical purposes it will be gone in another half-hour or so. I know all about the case, and the people at the house will do very well until tomorrow, but, if we're going to find a clue to the murderers, here is the spot we shall find it. Is it your police who have been trampling all over the place? I thought they knew better nowadays." "Assuredly they do. The marks you complain of were made by the workmen who discovered the body." The other grunted disgustedly. "I can see the tracks where the three of them came through the hedge—but they were cunning. You can just recognize the centre footmarks as those of M. Renauld, but those on either side have been carefully obliterated. Not that there would really be much to see anyway on this hard ground, but they weren't taking any chances." "The external sign," said Poirot. "That is what you seek, eh?" The other detective stared. "Of course." A very faint smile came to Poirot's lips. He seemed about to speak, but checked himself. He bent down to where a spade was lying. "That's what the grave was dug with, right enough," said Giraud. "But you'll get nothing from it. It was Renauld's own spade, and the man who used it wore gloves. Here they are." He gesticulated with his foot to where two soiled earth-stained gloves were lying. "And they're Renauld's too—or at least his gardener's. I tell you, the men who planned out this crime were taking no chances. The man was stabbed with his own dagger, and would have been buried with his own spade. They counted on leaving no traces! But I'll beat them. There's always _something!___ And I mean to find it." But Poirot was now apparently interested in something else, a short discoloured piece of lead-piping which lay beside the spade. He touched it delicately with his finger. "And does this, too, belong to the murdered man?" he asked, and I thought I detected a subtle flavour of irony in the question. Giraud shrugged his shoulders to indicate that he neither knew nor cared. "May have been lying around here for weeks. Anyway, it doesn't interest me." "I, on the contrary, find it very interesting," said Poirot sweetly. I guessed that he was merely bent on annoying the Paris detective and, if so, he succeeded. The other turned away rudely, remarking that he had no time to waste, and bending down he resumed his minute search of the ground. Meanwhile Poirot, as though struck by a sudden idea, stepped back over the boundary, and tried the door of the little shed. "That's locked," said Giraud over his shoulder. "But it's only a place where the gardener keeps his rubbish. The spade didn't come from there, but from the toolshed up by the house." "Marvellous," murmured M. Bex, to me ecstatically. "He has been here but half an hour, and he already knows everything! What a man! Undoubtedly Giraud is the greatest detective alive today." Although I disliked the detective heartily, I nevertheless was secretly impressed. Efficiency seemed to radiate from the man. I could not help feeling that, so far, Poirot had not greatly distinguished himself, and it vexed me. He seemed to be directing his attention to all sorts of silly, puerile points that had nothing to do with the case. Indeed, at this juncture, he suddenly asked: "M. Bex, tell me, I pray you, the meaning of this whitewashed line that extends all round the grave. Is it a device of the police?" "No, M. Poirot, it is an affair of the golf course. It shows that there is here to be a ‘bunkair,' as you call it." "A bunkair?" Poirot turned to me. "That is the irregular hole filled with sand and a bank at one side, is it not?" I concurred. "You do not play the golf, M. Poirot?" inquired Bex. "I? Never! What a game!" He became excited. "Figure to yourself, each hole it is of a different length. The obstacles, they are not arranged mathematically. Even the greens are frequently up one side! There is only one pleasing thing—the how do you call them?—tee boxes! They, at least, are symmetrical." I could not refrain from a laugh at the way the game appeared to Poirot, and my little friend smiled at me affectionately, bearing no malice. Then he asked: "But M. Renauld, without doubt he played the golf?" "Yes, he was a keen golfer. It's mainly owing to him, and to his large subscriptions, that this work is being carried forward. He even had a say in the designing of it." Poirot nodded thoughtfully. Then he remarked: "It was not a very good choice they made—of a spot to bury the body? When the men began to dig up the ground, all would have been discovered." "Exactly," cried Giraud triumphantly. "And that _proves___ that they were strangers to the place. It's an excellent piece of indirect evidence." "Yes," said Poirot doubtfully. "No one who knew would bury a body there—unless—unless—they _wanted___ it to be discovered. And that is clearly absurd, is it not?" Giraud did not even trouble to reply. "Yes," said Poirot, in a somewhat dissatisfied voice. "Yes—undoubtedly—absurd!" As we retraced our steps to the house, M. Bex excused himself for leaving us, explaining that he must immediately acquaint the examining magistrate with the fact of Giraud's arrival. Giraud himself had been obviously delighted when Poirot declared that he had seen all he wanted. The last thing we observed, as we left the spot, was Giraud, crawling about on all fours, with a thoroughness in his search that I could not but admire. Poirot guessed my thoughts, for as soon as we were alone he remarked ironically: "At last you have seen the detective you admire—the human foxhound! Is it not so, my friend?" "At any rate, he's _doing___ something," I said, with asperity. "If there's anything to find, he'll find it. Now you "_Eh bien!___ I also have found something! A piece of lead-piping." "Nonsense, Poirot. You know very well that's got nothing to do with it. I meant _little___ things—traces that may lead us infallibly to the murderers." "_Mon ami___, a clue of two feet long is every bit as valuable as one measuring two millimetres! But it is the romantic idea that all important clues must be infinitesimal! As to the piece of lead-piping having nothing to do with the crime, you say that because Giraud told you so. No"—as I was about to interpose a question we will say no more. Leave Giraud to his search, and me to my ideas. The case seems straightforward enough—and yet—and yet, _mon ami___, I am not satisfied! And do you know why? Because of the wrist watch that is two hours fast. And then there are several curious little points that do not seem to fit in. For instance, if the object of the murderers was revenge, why did they not stab Renauld in his sleep and have done with it?" "They wanted the ‘secret,'\u200a" I reminded him. Poirot brushed a speck of dust from his sleeve with a dissatisfied air. "Well, where is this ‘secret'? Presumably some distance away, since they wish him to dress himself. Yet he is found murdered close at hand, almost within ear-shot of the house. Then again, it is pure chance that a weapon such as the dagger should be lying about casually, ready to hand." He paused frowning, and then went on: "Why did the servants hear nothing? Were they drugged? Was there an accomplice and did that accomplice see to it that the front door should remain open? I wonder if He stopped abruptly. We had reached the drive in front of the house. Suddenly he turned to me. "My friend, I am about to surprise you—to please you! I have taken your reproaches to heart! We will examine some footprints!" "Where?" "In that right-hand bed yonder. M. Bex says that they are the footmarks of the gardener. Let us see if that is so. See, he approaches with his wheelbarrow." Indeed an elderly man was just crossing the drive with a barrowful of seedlings. Poirot called to him, and he set down the barrow and came hobbling towards us. "You are going to ask him for one of his boots to compare with the footmarks?" I asked breathlessly. My faith in Poirot revived a little. Since he said the footprints in this right-hand bed were important, presumably they _were___. "Exactly," said Poirot. "But won't he think it very odd?" "He will not think about it at all." We could say no more, for the old man had joined us. "You want me for something, monsieur?" "Yes. You have been gardener here a long time, haven't you?" "Twenty-four years, monsieur." "And your name is—?" "Auguste, monsieur." "I was admiring these magnificent geraniums. They are truly superb. They have been planted long?" "Some time, monsieur. But of course, to keep the beds looking smart, one must keep bedding out a few new plants, and remove those that are over, besides keeping the old blooms well picked off." "You put in some new plants yesterday, didn't you? Those in the middle there, and in the other bed also?" "Monsieur has a sharp eye. It takes always a day or so for them to ‘pick up.' Yes, I put ten new plants in each bed last night. As Monsieur doubtless knows, one should not put in plants when the sun is hot." Auguste was charmed with Poirot's interest, and was quite inclined to be garrulous. "That is a splendid specimen there," said Poirot, pointing. "Might I perhaps have a cutting of it?" "But certainly, monsieur." The old fellow stepped into the bed, and carefully took a slip from the plant Poirot had admired. Poirot was profuse in his thanks, and Auguste departed to his barrow. "You see?" said Poirot with a smile, as he bent over the bed to examine the indentation of the gardener's hobnailed boot. "It is quite simple." "I did not realize "That the foot would be inside the boot? You do not use your excellent mental capacities sufficiently. Well, what of the footmark?" I examined the bed carefully. "All the footmarks in the bed were made by the same boot," I said at length after a careful study. "You think so? _Eh bien___, I agree with you," said Poirot. He seemed quite uninterested, and as though he were thinking of something else. "At any rate," I remarked, "you will have one bee less in your bonnet now." "_Mon Dieu!___ But what an idiom! What does it mean?" "What I meant was that now you will give up your interest in these footmarks." But to my surprise Poirot shook his head. "No, no, _mon ami___. At last I am on the right track. I am still in the dark, but, as I hinted just now to M. Bex, these footmarks are the most important and interesting things in the case! That poor Giraud—I should not be surprised if he took no notice of them whatever." At that moment, the front door opened, and M. Hautet and the commissary came down the steps. "Ah, M. Poirot, we were coming to look for you," said the magistrate. "It is getting late, but I wish to pay a visit to Madame Daubreuil. Without doubt she will be very much upset by M. Renauld's death, and we may be fortunate enough to get a clue from her. The secret that he did not confide to his wife, it is possible that he may have told it to the woman whose love held him enslaved. We know where our Samsons are weak, don't we?" I admired the picturesqueness of M. Hautet's language. I suspected that the examining magistrate was by now thoroughly enjoying his part in the mysterious drama. "Is M. Giraud not going to accompany us?" asked Poirot. "M. Giraud has shown clearly that he prefers to conduct the case in his own way," said M. Hautet dryly. One could see easily enough that Giraud's cavalier treatment of the examining magistrate had not prejudiced the latter in his favour. We said no more, but fell into line. Poirot walked with the examining magistrate, and the commissary and I followed a few paces behind. "There is no doubt that Françoise's story is substantially correct," he remarked to me in a confidential tone. "I have been telephoning headquarters. It seems that three times in the last six weeks—that is to say since the arrival of M. Renauld at Merlinville—Madame Daubreuil has paid a large sum in notes into her banking account. Altogether the sum totals two hundred thousand francs!" "Dear me," I said, considering, "that must be something like four thousand pounds!" "Precisely. Yes, there can be no doubt that he was absolutely infatuated. But it remains to be seen whether he confided his secret to her. The examining magistrate is hopeful, but I hardly share his views." During this conversation we were walking down the lane towards the fork in the road where our car had halted earlier in the afternoon, and in another moment I realized that the Villa Marguerite, the home of the mysterious Madame Daubreuil, was the small house from which the beautiful girl had emerged. "She has lived here for many years," said the commissary, nodding his head towards the house. "Very quietly, very unobtrusively. She seems to have no friends or relations other than the acquaintances she has made in Merlinville. She never refers to the past, nor to her husband. One does not even know if he is alive or dead. There is a mystery about her, you comprehend." I nodded, my interest growing. "And—the daughter?" I ventured. "A truly beautiful young girl—modest, devout, all that she should be. One pities her, for, though she may know nothing of the past, a man who wants to ask her hand in marriage must necessarily inform himself, and then The commissary shrugged his shoulders cynically. "But it would not be her fault!" I cried, with rising indignation. "No. But what will you? A man is particular about his wife's antecedents." I was prevented from further argument by our arrival at the door. M. Hautet rang the bell. A few minutes elapsed, and then we heard a footfall within, and the door was opened. On the threshold stood my young goddess of that afternoon. When she saw us, the colour left her cheeks, leaving her deathly white, and her eyes widened with apprehension. There was no doubt about it, she was afraid! "Mademoiselle Daubreuil," said M. Hautet, sweeping off his hat, "we regret infinitely to disturb you, but the exigencies of the Law—you comprehend? My compliments to Madame your mother, and will she have the goodness to grant me a few moments' interview." For a moment the girl stood motionless. Her left hand was pressed to her side, as though to still the sudden unconquerable agitation of her heart. But she mastered herself, and said in a low voice: "I will go and see. Please come inside." She entered a room on the left of the hall, and we heard the low murmur of her voice. And then another voice, much the same in timbre, but with a slightly harder inflection behind its mellow roundness said: "But certainly. Ask them to enter." In another minute we were face to face with the mysterious Madame Daubreuil. She was not nearly so tall as her daughter, and the rounded Her hair, again unlike her daughter's, was dark, and parted in the middle in the madonna style. Her eyes, half hidden by the drooping lids, were blue. There was a dimple in the round chin, and the half parted lips seemed always to hover on the verge of a mysterious smile. There was something almost exaggeratedly feminine about her, at once yielding and seductive. Though very well preserved, she was certainly no longer young, but her charm was of the quality which is independent of age. Standing there, in her black dress with the fresh white collar and cuffs, her hands clasped together, she looked subtly appealing and helpless. "You wished to see me, monsieur?" she asked. "Yes, madame." M. Hautet cleared his throat. "I am investigating the death of M. Renauld. You have heard of it, no doubt?" She bowed her head without speaking. Her expression did not change. "We came to ask you whether you can—er—throw any light upon the circumstances surrounding it?" "I?" The surprise of her tone was excellent. "Yes, madame. It would, perhaps, be better if we could speak to you alone." He looked meaningly in the direction of the girl. Madame Daubreuil turned to her. "Marthe, dear But the girl shook her head. "No, _maman___, I will not go. I am not a child. I am twenty-two. I shall not go." Madame Daubreuil turned back to the examining magistrate. "You see, monsieur." "I should prefer not to speak before Mademoiselle Daubreuil." "As my daughter says, she is not a child." For a moment the magistrate hesitated, baffled. "Very well, madame," he said at last. "Have it your own way. We have reason to believe that you were in the habit of visiting the dead man at his Villa in the evenings. Is that so?" The colour rose in the lady's pale cheeks, but she replied quietly: "I deny your right to ask me such a question!" "Madame, we are investigating a murder." "Well, what of it? I had nothing to do with the murder." "Madame, we do not say that for a moment. But you knew the dead man well. Did he ever confide in you as to any danger that threatened him?" "Never." "Did he ever mention his life in Santiago, and any enemies he may have made there?" "No." "Then you can give us no help at all?" "I fear not. I really do not see why you should come to me. Cannot his wife tell you what you want to know?" Her voice held a slender inflection of irony. "Madame Renauld has told us all she can." "Ah!" said Madame Daubreuil. "I wonder "You wonder what, madame?" "Nothing." The examining magistrate looked at her. He was aware that he was fighting a duel, and that he had no mean antagonist. "You persist in your statement that M. Renauld confided nothing in you?" "Why should you think it likely that he should confide in me?" "Because, madame," said M. Hautet, with calculated brutality. "A man tells to his mistress what he does not always tell to his wife." "Ah!" she sprang forward. Her eyes flashed fire. "Monsieur, you insult me! And before my daughter! I can tell you nothing. Have the goodness to leave my house!" The honours undoubtedly rested with the lady. We left the Villa Marguerite like a shamefaced pack of schoolboys. The magistrate muttered angry ejaculations to himself. Poirot seemed lost in thought. Suddenly he came out of his reverie with a start, and inquired of M. Hautet if there was a good hotel near at hand. "There is a small place, the Hotel des Bains, on this side of town. A few hundred yards down the road. It will be handy for your investigations. We shall see you in the morning then, I presume?" "Yes, I thank you, M. Hautet." With mutual civilities, we parted company, Poirot and I going towards Merlinville, and the others returning to the Villa Geneviève. "The French police system is very marvellous," said Poirot, looking after them. "The information they possess about every one's life, down to the most commonplace detail, is extraordinary. Though he has only been here a little over six weeks, they are perfectly well acquainted with M. Renauld's tastes and pursuits, and at a moment's notice they can produce information as to Madame Daubreuil's banking account, and the sums that have lately been paid in! Undoubtedly the _dossier___ is a great institution. But what is that?" He turned sharply. A figure was running hatless, down the road after us. It was Marthe Daubreuil. "I beg your pardon," she cried breathlessly, as she reached us. "I—I should not do this, I know. You must not tell my mother. But is it true, what the people say, that M. Renauld called in a detective before he died, and—and that you are he?" "Yes, mademoiselle," said Poirot gently. "It is quite true. But how did you learn it?" "Françoise told our Amélie," explained Marthe, with a blush. Poirot made a grimace. "The secrecy, it is impossible in an affair of this kind! Not that it matters. Well, mademoiselle, what is it you want to know?" The girl hesitated. She seemed longing, yet fearing, to speak. At last, almost in a whisper, she asked: "Is—any one suspected?" Poirot eyed her keenly. Then he replied evasively: "Suspicion is in the air at present, mademoiselle." "Yes, I know—but—any one in particular?" "Why do you want to know?" The girl seemed frightened by the question. All at once Poirot's words about her earlier in the day recurred to me. The "girl with the anxious eyes!" "M. Renauld was always very kind to me," she replied at last. "It is natural that I should be interested." "I see," said Poirot. "Well, mademoiselle, suspicion at present is hovering round two persons." "Two?" I could have sworn there was a note of surprise and relief in her voice. "Their names are unknown, but they are presumed to be Chilians from Santiago. And now, mademoiselle, you see what comes of being young and beautiful! I have betrayed professional secrets for you!" The girl laughed merrily, and then, rather shyly, she thanked him. "I must run back now. _Maman___ will miss me." And she turned and ran back up the road, looking like a modern Atalanta. I stared after her. "_Mon ami___," said Poirot, in his gentle ironical voice, "is it that we are to remain planted here all night—just because you have seen a beautiful young woman, and your head is in a whirl?" I laughed and apologized. "But she _is___ beautiful, Poirot. Any one might be excused for being bowled over by her." Poirot groaned. "_Mon Dieu!___ But it is that you have the susceptible heart!" "Poirot," I said, "do you remember after the Styles Case when "When you were in love with two charming women at once, and neither of them were for you? Yes, I remember." "You consoled me by saying that perhaps some day we should hunt together again, and that then "_Eh bien?___" "Well, we are hunting together again, and I paused, and laughed rather self-consciously. But to my surprise Poirot shook his head very earnestly. "Ah, _mon ami___, do not set your heart on Marthe Daubreuil. She is not for you, that one! Take it from Papa Poirot!" "Why," I cried, "the commissary assured me that she was as good as she is beautiful! A perfect angel!" "Some of the greatest criminals I have known had the faces of angels," remarked Poirot cheerfully. "A malformation of the grey cells may coincide quite easily with the face of a madonna." "Poirot," I cried, horrified, "you cannot mean that you suspect an innocent child like this!" "Ta-ta-ta! Do not excite yourself! I have not said that I suspected her. But you must admit that her anxiety to know about the case is somewhat unusual." "For once, I see further than you do," I said. "Her anxiety is not for herself—but for her mother." "My friend," said Poirot, "as usual, you see nothing at all. Madame Daubreuil is very well able to look after herself without her daughter worrying about her. I admit I was teasing you just now, but all the same I repeat what I said before. Do not set your heart on that girl. She is not for you! I, Hercule Poirot, know it. _Sacré!___ if only I could remember where I had seen that face!" "What face?" I asked, surprised. "The daughter's?" "No. The mother's." Noting my surprise, he nodded emphatically. "But yes—it is as I tell you. It was a long time ago, when I was still with the Police in Belgium. I have never actually seen the woman before, but I have seen her picture—and in connection with some case. I rather fancy "Yes?" "I may be mistaken, but I rather fancy that it was a murder case!" We were up at the Villa betimes next morning. The man on guard at the gate did not bar our way this time. Instead, he respectfully saluted us, and we passed on to the house. The maid Léonie was just coming down the stairs, and seemed not averse to the prospect of a little conversation. Poirot inquired after the health of Mrs. Renauld. Léonie shook her head. "She is terribly upset, _la pauvre dame!___ She will eat nothing—but nothing! And she is as pale as a ghost. It is heartrending to see her. Ah, _par exemple___, it is not I who would grieve like that for a man who had deceived me with another woman!" Poirot nodded sympathetically. "What you say is very just, but what will you? The heart of a woman who loves will forgive many blows. Still, undoubtedly there must have been many scenes of recrimination between them in the last few months?" Again Léonie shook her head. "Never, monsieur. Never have I heard Madame utter a word of protest—of reproach, even! She had the temper and disposition of an angel—quite different to Monsieur." "Monsieur Renauld had not the temper of an angel?" "Far from it. When he enraged himself, the whole house knew of it. The day that he quarrelled with M. Jack—_ma foi!___ they might have been heard in the market place, they shouted so loud!" "Indeed," said Poirot. "And when did this quarrel take place?" "Oh! it was just before M. Jack went to Paris. Almost he missed his train. He came out of the library, and caught up his bag which he had left in the hall. The automobile, it was being repaired, and he had to run for the station. I was dusting the salon, and I saw him pass, and his face was white—white—with two burning spots of red. Ah, but he was angry!" Léonie was enjoying her narrative thoroughly. "And the dispute, what was it about?" "Ah, that I do not know," confessed Léonie. "It is true that they shouted, but their voices were so loud and high, and they spoke so fast, that only one well acquainted with English could have comprehended. But Monsieur, he was like a thundercloud all day! Impossible to please him!" The sound of a door shutting upstairs cut short Léonie's loquacity. "And Françoise who awaits me!" she exclaimed, awakening to a tardy remembrance of her duties. "That old one, she always scolds." "One moment, mademoiselle. The examining magistrate, where is he?" "They have gone out to look at the automobile in the garage. Monsieur the commissary had some idea that it might have been used on the night of the murder." "_Quelle idée___," murmured Poirot, as the girl disappeared. "You will go out and join them?" "No, I shall await their return in the _salon___. It is cool there on this hot morning." This placid way of taking things did not quite commend itself to me. "If you don't mind I said, and hesitated. "Not in the least. You wish to investigate on your own account, eh?" "Well, I'd rather like to have a look at Giraud, if he's anywhere about, and see what he's up to." "The human foxhound," murmured Poirot, as he leaned back in a comfortable chair, and closed his eyes. "By all means, my friend. Au revoir." I strolled out of the front door. It was certainly hot. I turned up the path we had taken the day before. I had a mind to study the scene of the crime myself. I did not go directly to the spot, however, but turned aside into the bushes, so as to come out on the links some hundred yards or so further to the right. If Giraud were still on the spot, I wanted to observe his methods before he knew of my presence. But the shrubbery here was much denser, and I had quite a struggle to force my way through. When I emerged at last on the course, it was quite unexpectedly and with such vigour that I cannoned heavily into a young lady who had been standing with her back to the plantation. She not unnaturally gave a suppressed shriek, but I, too, uttered an exclamation of surprise. For it was my friend of the train, Cinderella! The surprise was mutual. "You," we both exclaimed simultaneously. The young lady recovered herself first. "My only Aunt!" she exclaimed. "What are you doing here?" "For the matter of that, what are you?" I retorted. "When last I saw you, the day before yesterday, you were trotting home to England like a good little boy. Have they given you a season ticket to and fro, on the strength of your M.P.?" I ignored the end of the speech. "When last I saw you," I said, "you were trotting home with your sister, like a good little girl. By the way, how is your sister?" A flash of white teeth rewarded me. "How kind of you to ask! My sister is well, I thank you." "She is here with you?" "She remained in town," said the minx with dignity. "I don't believe you've got a sister," I laughed. "If you have, her name is Harris!" "Do you remember mine?" she asked, with a smile. "Cinderella. But you're going to tell me the real one now, aren't you?" She shook her head with a wicked look. "Not even why you're here?" "Oh, that! I suppose you've heard of members of my profession ‘resting.' " "At expensive French watering-places?" "Dirt cheap if you know where to go." I eyed her keenly. "Still, you'd no intention of coming here when I met you two days ago?" "We all have our disappointments," said Miss Cinderella sententiously. "There now, I've told you quite as much as is good for you. Little boys should not be inquisitive. You've not yet told me what you're doing here? Got the M.P. in tow, I suppose, doing the gay boy on the beach." I shook my head. "Guess again. You remember my telling you that my great friend was a detective?" "Yes?" "And perhaps you've heard about this crime—at the Villa Geneviève—?" She stared at me. Her breast heaved, and her eyes grew wide and round. "You don't mean—that you're in on _that?___" I nodded. There was no doubt that I had scored heavily. Her emotion, as she regarded me, was only too evident. For some few seconds, she remained silent, staring at me. Then she nodded her head emphatically. "Well, if that doesn't beat the band! Tote me round. I want to see all the horrors." "What do you mean?" "What I say. Bless the boy, didn't I tell you I doted on crimes? What do you think I'm imperilling my ankles for in high-heeled shoes over this stubble? I've been nosing round for hours. Tried the front way in, but that old stick-in-the-mud of a French gendarme wasn't taking any. I guess Helen of Troy, and Cleopatra, and Mary, Queen of Scots, rolled in one wouldn't cut ice with him! It's a real piece of luck happening on you this way. Come on, show me all the sights." "But look here—wait a minute—I can't. Nobody's allowed in. They're awfully strict." "Aren't you and your friend the big bugs?" I was loath to relinquish my position of importance. "Why are you so keen?" I asked weakly. "And what is it you want to see." "Oh, everything! The place where it happened, and the weapon, and the body, and any finger-prints or interesting things like that. I've never had a chance of being right in on a murder like this before. It'll last me all my life?" I turned away, sickened. What were women coming to nowadays? The girl's ghoulish excitement nauseated me. I had read of the mobs of women who besieged the law courts when some wretched man was being tried for his life on the capital charge. I had sometimes wondered who these women were. Now I knew. They were of the likeness of Cinderella, young, yet obsessed with a yearning for morbid excitement, for sensation at any price, without regard to any decency or good feeling. The vividness of the girl's beauty had attracted me in spite of myself, yet at heart I retained my first impression of disapproval and dislike. I thought of my mother, long since dead. What would she have said of this strange modern product of girlhood? The pretty face with the paint and powder, and the ghoulish mind behind! "Come off your high horse," said the lady suddenly. "And don't give yourself airs. When you got called to this job, did you put your nose in the air and say it was a nasty business, and you wouldn't be mixed up in it?" "No, but "If you'd been here on a holiday, wouldn't you be nosing round just the same as I am? Of course you would." "I'm a man. You're a woman." "Your idea of a woman is some one who gets on a chair and shrieks if she sees a mouse. That's all prehistoric. But you _will___ show me round, won't you? You see, it might make a big difference to me." "In what way?" "They're keeping all the reporters out. I might make a big scoop with one of the papers. You don't know how much they pay for a bit of inside stuff." I hesitated. She slipped a small soft hand into mine. "_Please___—there's a dear." I capitulated. Secretly, I knew that I should rather enjoy the part of showman. After all, the moral attitude displayed by the girl was none of my business. I was a little nervous as to what the examining magistrate might say, but I reassured myself by the reflection that no harm could possibly be done. We repaired first to the spot where the body had been discovered. A man was on guard there, who saluted respectfully, knowing me by sight, and raised no question as to my companion. Presumably he regarded her as vouched for by me. I explained to Cinderella just how the discovery had been made, and she listened attentively, sometimes putting an intelligent question. Then we turned our steps in the direction of the Villa. I proceeded rather cautiously, for, truth to tell, I was not at all anxious to meet any one. I took the girl through the shrubbery round to the back of the house where the small shed was. I recollected that yesterday evening, after relocking the door, M. Bex had left the key with the _sergent de ville___ Marchaud, "in case M. Giraud should require it while we are upstairs." I thought it quite likely that the Sûreté detective, after using it, had returned it to Marchaud again. Leaving the girl out of sight in the shrubbery, I entered the house. Marchaud was on duty outside the door of the _salon___. From within came the murmur of voices. "Monsieur desires Hautet? He is within. He is again interrogating Françoise." "No," I said hastily, "I don't want him. But I should very much like the key of the shed outside if it is not against regulations." "But certainly, monsieur." He produced it. "Here it is. M. le juge gave orders that all facilities were to be placed at your disposal. You will return it to me when you have finished out there, that is all." "Of course." I felt a thrill of satisfaction as I realized that in Marchaud's eyes, at least, I ranked equally in importance with Poirot. The girl was waiting for me. She gave an exclamation of delight as she saw the key in my hand. "You've got it then?" "Of course," I said coolly. "All the same, you know, what I'm doing is highly irregular." "You've been a perfect duck, and I shan't forget it. Come along. They can't see us from the house, can they?" "Wait a minute." I arrested her eager advance. "I won't stop you But do you? You've seen the grave, and the grounds, and you've heard all the details of the affair. Isn't that enough for you? This is going to be gruesome, you know, and—unpleasant." She looked at me for a moment with an expression that I could not quite fathom. Then she laughed. "Me for the horrors," she said. "Come along." In silence we arrived at the door of the shed. I opened it and we passed in. I walked over to the body, and gently pulled down the sheet as M. Bex had done the preceding afternoon. A little gasping sound escaped from the girl's lips, and I turned and looked at her. There was horror on her face now, and those debonair high spirits of hers were quenched utterly. She had not chosen to listen to my advice, and she was punished now for her disregard of it. I felt singularly merciless towards her. She should go through with it now. I turned the corpse gently over. "You see," I said, "he was stabbed in the back." Her voice was almost soundless. "With what?" I nodded towards the glass jar. "That dagger." Suddenly the girl reeled, and then sank down in a heap. I sprang to her assistance. "You are faint. Come out of here. It has been too much for you." "Water," she murmured. "Quick. Water. ..." I left her, and rushed into the house. Fortunately none of the servants were about, and I was able to secure a glass of water unobserved and add a few drops of brandy from a pocket flask. In a few minutes I was back again. The girl was lying as I had left her, but a few sips of the brandy and water revived her in a marvellous manner. "Take me out of here—oh, quickly, quickly!" she cried, shuddering. Supporting her with my arm I led her out into the air, and she pulled the door to behind her. Then she drew a deep breath. "That's better. Oh, it was horrible! Why did you ever let me go in?" I felt this to be so feminine that I could not forbear a smile. Secretly, I was not dissatisfied with her collapse. It proved that she was not quite so callous as I had thought her. After all she was little more than a child, and her curiosity had probably been of the unthinking order. "I did my best to stop you, you know," I said gently. "I suppose you did. Well, good-bye." "Look here, you can't start off like that—all alone. You're not fit for it. I insist on accompanying you back to Merlinville." "Nonsense. I'm quite all right now." "Supposing you felt faint again? No, I shall come with you." But this she combated with a good deal of energy. In the end, however, I prevailed so far as to be allowed to accompany her to the outskirts of the town. We retraced our steps over our former route, passing the grave again, and making a detour on to the road. Where the first straggling line of shops began, she stopped and held out her hand. "Good-bye, and thank you ever so much for coming with me." "Are you sure you're all right now?" "Quite, thanks. I hope you won't get into any trouble over showing me things?" I disclaimed the idea lightly. "Well, good-bye." "Au revoir," I corrected. "If you're staying here, we shall meet again." She flashed a smile at me. "That's so. Au revoir, then." "Wait a second, you haven't told me your address?" "Oh, I'm staying at the Hôtel du Phare. It's a little place, but quite good. Come and look me up tomorrow." "I will," I said, with perhaps rather unnecessary _empressement___. I watched her out of sight, then turned and retraced my steps to the Villa. I remembered that I had not relocked the door of the shed. Fortunately no one had noticed the oversight, and turning the key I removed it and returned it to the _sergent de ville___. And, as I did so, it came upon me suddenly that though Cinderella had given me her address I still did not know her name. In the _Salon___ I found the examining magistrate busily interrogating the old gardener Auguste. Poirot and the commissary, who were both present, greeted me respectively with a smile and a polite bow. I slipped quietly into a seat. M. Hautet was painstaking and meticulous in the extreme, but did not succeed in eliciting anything of importance. The gardening gloves Auguste admitted to be his. He wore them when handling a certain species of primula plant which was poisonous to some people. He could not say when he had worn them last. Certainly he had not missed them. Where were they kept? Sometimes in one place, sometimes in another. The spade was usually to be found in the small tool shed. Was it locked? Of course it was locked. Where was the key kept? _Parbleu___, it was in the door of course! There was nothing of value to steal. Who would have expected a party of bandits, of assassins? Such things did not happen in Madame la Vicomtesse's time. M. Hautet signifying that he had finished with him, the old man withdrew, grumbling to the last. Remembering Poirot's unaccountable insistence on the footprints in the flower beds, I scrutinized him narrowly as he gave his evidence. Either he had nothing to do with the crime or he was a consummate actor. Suddenly, just as he was going out of the door, an idea struck me. "_Pardon___ M. Hautet," I cried, "but will you permit me to ask him one question?" "But certainly, monsieur." Thus encouraged, I turned to Auguste. "Where do you keep your boots?" "_Sac à papier!___" growled the old man. "On my feet. Where else?" "But when you go to bed at night?" "Under my bed." "But who cleans them?" "Nobody. Why should they be cleaned? Is it that I promenade myself on the front like a young man? On Sunday I wear the Sunday boots, _bien entendu___, but otherwise—!" he shrugged his shoulders. I shook my head, discouraged. "Well, well," said the magistrate. "We do not advance very much. Undoubtedly we are held up until we get the return cable from Santiago. Has any one seen Giraud? In verity that one lacks politeness! I have a very good mind to send for him and "You will not have to send far, M. le juge." The quiet voice startled us. Giraud was standing outside looking in through the open window. He leaped lightly into the room, and advanced to the table. "Here I am, M. le juge, at your service. Accept my excuses for not presenting myself sooner." "Not at all. Not at all," said the magistrate, rather confused. "Of course I am only a detective," continued the other. "I know nothing of interrogatories. Were I conducting one, I should be inclined to do so without an open window. Any one standing outside can so easily hear all that passes. ... But no matter." M. Hautet flushed angrily. There was evidently going to be no love lost between the examining magistrate and the detective in charge of the case. They had fallen foul of each other at the start. Perhaps in any event it would have been much the same. To Giraud, all examining magistrates were fools, and to M. Hautet who took himself seriously, the casual manner of the Paris detective could not fail to give offence. "_Eh bien___, M. Giraud," said the magistrate rather sharply. "Without doubt you have been employing your time to a marvel? You have the names of the assassins for us, have you not? And also the precise spot where they find themselves now?" Unmoved by this irony, Giraud replied: "I know at least where they have come from." "_Comment?___" Giraud took two small objects from his pocket and laid them down on the table. We crowded round. The objects were very simple ones: the stub of a cigarette, and an unlighted match. The detective wheeled round on Poirot. "What do you see there?" he asked. There was something almost brutal in his tone. It made my cheeks flush. But Poirot remained unmoved. He shrugged his shoulders. "A cigarette end, and a match." "And what does that tell you?" Poirot spread out his hands. "It tells me—nothing." "Ah!" said Giraud, in a satisfied voice. "You haven't made a study of these things. That's not an ordinary match—not in this country at least. It's common enough in South America. Luckily it's unlighted. I mightn't have recognized it otherwise. Evidently one of the men threw away his cigarette end, and lit another, spilling one match out of the box as he did so." "And the other match?" asked Poirot. "Which match?" "The one he _did___ light his cigarette with. You have found that also?" "No." "Perhaps you didn't search very thoroughly." "Not search thoroughly For a moment it seemed as though the detective were going to break out angrily, but with an effort he controlled himself. "I see you love a joke, M. Poirot. But in any case, match or no match, the cigarette end would be sufficient. It is a South American cigarette with liquorice pectoral paper." Poirot bowed. The commissary spoke: "The cigarette end and match might have belonged to M. Renauld. Remember, it is only two years since he returned from South America." "No," replied the other confidently. "I have already searched among the effects of M. Renauld. The cigarettes he smoked and the matches he used are quite different." "You do not think it odd," asked Poirot, "that these strangers should come unprovided with a weapon, with gloves, with a spade, and that they should so conveniently find all these things?" Giraud smiled in a rather superior manner. "Undoubtedly it is strange. Indeed, without the theory that I hold, it would be inexplicable." "Aha!" said M. Hautet. "An accomplice. An accomplice within the house!" "Or outside it," said Giraud with a peculiar smile. "But some one must have admitted them? We cannot allow that, by an unparalleled piece of good fortune, they found the door ajar for them to walk in?" "_D'accord___, M. le juge. The door was opened for them, but it could just as easily be opened from outside—by some one who possessed a key." "But who did possess a key?" Giraud shrugged his shoulders. "As for that, no one who possesses one is going to admit the fact if they can help it. But several people _might___ have had one. M. Jack Renauld, the son, for instance. It is true that he is on his way to South America, but he might have lost the key or had it stolen from him. Then there is the gardener—he has been here many years. One of the younger servants may have a lover. It is easy to take an impression of a key and have one cut. There are many possibilities. Then there is another person who, I should judge, is exceedingly likely to have such a thing in her keeping." "Who is that?" "Madame Daubreuil," said the detective dryly. "Eh, eh!" said the magistrate, his face falling a little, "so you have heard about that, have you?" "I hear everything," said Giraud imperturbably. "There is one thing I could swear you have not heard," said M. Hautet, delighted to be able to show superior knowledge, and without more ado, he retailed the story of the mysterious visitor the night before. He also touched on the cheque made out to "Duveen," and finally handed Giraud the letter signed "Bella." Giraud listened in silence, studied the letter attentively, and then handed it back. "All very interesting, M. le juge. But my theory remains unaffected." "And your theory is?" "For the moment I prefer not to say. Remember, I am only just beginning my investigations." "Tell me one thing, M. Giraud," said Poirot suddenly. "Your theory allows for the door being opened. It does not explain why it was _left___ open. When they departed, would it not have been natural for them to close it behind them. If a _sergent de ville___ had chanced to come up to the house, as is sometimes done to see that all is well, they might have been discovered and overtaken almost at once." "Bah! They forgot it. A mistake, I grant you." Then, to my surprise, Poirot uttered almost the same words as he had uttered to Bex the previous evening: "_I do not agree with you.___ The door being left open was the result of either design or necessity, and any theory that does not admit that fact is bound to prove vain." We all regarded the little man with a good deal of astonishment. The confession of ignorance drawn from him over the match end had, I thought, been bound to humiliate him, but here he was self satisfied as ever, laying down the law to the great Giraud without a tremor. The detective twisted his moustache, eyeing my friend in a somewhat bantering fashion. "You don't agree with me, eh? Well, what strikes you particularly about the case. Let's hear your views." "One thing presents itself to me as being significant. Tell me, M. Giraud, does nothing strike you as familiar about this case? Is there nothing it reminds you of?" "Familiar? Reminds me of? I can't say off-hand. I don't think so, though." "You are wrong," said Poirot quietly. "A crime almost precisely similar has been committed before." "When? And where?" "Ah, that, unfortunately, I cannot for the moment remember—but I shall do so. I had hoped you might be able to assist me." Giraud snorted incredulously. "There have been many affairs of masked men! I cannot remember the details of them all. These crimes all resemble each other more or less." "There is such a thing as the individual touch." Poirot suddenly assumed his lecturing manner, and addressed us collectively. "I am speaking to you now of the psychology of crime. M. Giraud knows quite well that each criminal has his particular method, and that the police, when called in to investigate—say a case of burglary—can often make a shrewd guess at the offender, simply by the peculiar method he has employed. (Japp would tell you the same, Hastings.) Man is an unoriginal animal. Unoriginal within the law in his daily respectable life, equally unoriginal outside the law. If a man commits a crime, any other crime he commits will resemble it closely. The English murderer who disposed of his wives in succession by drowning them in their baths was a case in point. Had he varied his methods, he might have escaped detection to this day. But he obeyed the common dictates of human nature, arguing that what had once succeeded would succeed again, and he paid the penalty of his lack of originality." "And the point of all this?" sneered Giraud. "That when you have two crimes precisely similar in design and execution, you find the same brain behind them both. I am looking for that brain, M. Giraud—and I shall find it. Here we have a true clue—a psychological clue. You may know all about cigarettes and match ends, M. Giraud, but I, Hercule Poirot, know the mind of man!" And the ridiculous little fellow tapped his forehead with emphasis. Giraud remained singularly unimpressed. "For your guidance," continued Poirot, "I will also advise you of one fact which might fail to be brought to your notice. The wrist watch of Madame Renauld, on the day following the tragedy, had gained two hours. It might interest you to examine it." Giraud stared. "Perhaps it was in the habit of gaining?" "As a matter of fact, I am told it did." "_Eh bien___, then!" "All the same, two hours is a good deal," said Poirot softly. "Then there is the matter of the footprints in the flower-bed." He nodded his head towards the open window. Giraud took two eager strides, and looked out. "This bed here?" "Yes." "But I see no footprints?" "No," said Poirot, straightening a little pile of books on a table. "There are none." For a moment an almost murderous rage obscured Giraud's face. He took two strides towards his tormentor, but at that moment the _salon___ door was opened, and Marchaud announced. "M. Stonor, the secretary, has just arrived from England. May he enter?" 1 The man who entered the room was a striking figure. Very tall, with a well knit athletic frame, and a deeply bronzed face and neck, he dominated the assembly. Even Giraud seemed anaemic beside him. When I knew him better I realized that Gabriel Stonor was quite an unusual personality. English by birth, he had knocked about all over the world. He had shot big game in Africa, travelled in Korea, ranched in California, and traded in the South Sea Islands. He had been secretary to a New York railway magnate, and had spent a year encamped in the desert with a friendly tribe of Arabs. His unerring eye picked out M. Hautet. "The examining magistrate in charge of the case? Pleased to meet you, M. le juge. This is a terrible business. How's Mrs. Renauld? Is she bearing up fairly well? It must have been an awful shock to her." "Terrible, terrible," said M. Hautet. "Permit me to introduce M. Bex—our commissary of police, M. Giraud of the Sûreté. This gentleman is M. Hercule Poirot. M. Renauld sent for him, but he arrived too late to do anything to avert the tragedy. A friend of M. Poirot's, Captain Hastings." Stonor looked at Poirot with some interest. "Sent for you, did he?" "You did not know, then, that M. Renauld contemplated calling in a detective?" interposed M. Bex. "No, I didn't. But it doesn't surprise me a bit." "Why?" "Because the old man was rattled! I don't know what it was all about. He didn't confide in me. We weren't on those terms. But rattled he was—and badly!" "H'm!" said M. Hautet. "But you have no notion of the cause?" "That's what I said, sir." "You will pardon me, M. Stonor, but we must begin with a few formalities. Your name?" "Gabriel Stonor." "How long ago was it that you became secretary to M. Renauld?" "About two years ago, when he first arrived from South America. I met him through a mutual friend, and he offered me the post. A thundering good boss he was too." "Did he talk to you much about his life in South America?" "Yes, a good bit." "Do you know if he was ever in Santiago?" "Several times, I believe." "He never mentioned any special incident that occurred there—anything that might have provoked some vendetta against him?" "Never." "Did he speak of any secret that he had acquired whilst sojourning there?" "No." "Did he ever say anything at all about a secret?" "Not that I can remember. But, for all that, there _was___ a mystery about him. I've never heard him speak of his boyhood for instance, or of any incident prior to his arrival in South America. He was a French Canadian by birth, I believe, but I've never heard him speak of his life in Canada. He could shut up like a clam if he liked." "So, as far as you know, he had no enemies, and you can give us no clue as to any secret to obtain possession of which he might have been murdered?" "That's so." "M. Stonor, have you ever heard the name of Duveen in connection with M. Renauld?" "Duveen. Duveen." He tried the name over thoughtfully. "I don't think I have. And yet it seems familiar." "Do you know a lady, a friend of M. Renauld's whose Christian name is Bella?" Again Mr. Stonor shook his head. "Bella Duveen? Is that the full name? It's curious! I'm sure I know it. But for the moment I can't remember in what connection." The magistrate coughed. "You understand, M. Stonor—the case is like this. _There must be no reservations.___ You might, perhaps, through a feeling of consideration for Madame Renauld—for whom, I gather, you have a great esteem and affection, you might—_enfin!___" said M. Hautet getting rather tied up in his sentence, "there must absolutely be no reservations." Stonor stared at him, a dawning light of comprehension in his eyes. "I don't quite get you," he said gently. "Where does Mrs. Renauld come in? I've an immense respect and affection for that lady; she's a very wonderful and unusual type, but I don't quite see how my reservations, or otherwise, could affect her?" "Not if this Bella Duveen should prove to have been something more than a friend to her husband?" "Ah!" said Stonor. "I get you now. But I'll bet my bottom dollar that you're wrong. The old man never so much as looked at He just adored his own wife. They were the most devoted couple I know." M. Hautet shook his head gently. "M. Stonor, we hold absolute proof—a love letter written by this Bella to M. Renauld, accusing him of having tired of her. Moreover, we have further proof that, at the time of his death, he was carrying on an intrigue with a Frenchwoman, a Madame Daubreuil, who rents the adjoining Villa. And this is the man who, according to you, never looked at a petticoat!" The secretary's eyes narrowed. "Hold on, M. le juge. You're barking up the wrong tree. I knew Paul Renauld. What you've just been saying is utterly impossible. There's some other explanation." The magistrate shrugged his shoulders. "What other explanation could there be?" "What leads you to think it was a love affair?" "Madame Daubreuil was in the habit of visiting him here in the evenings. Also, since M. Renauld came to the Villa Geneviève, Madame Daubreuil has paid large sums of money into the bank in notes. In all, the amount totals four thousand pounds of your English money." "I guess that's right," said Stonor quietly. "I transmitted him those sums at his request. But it wasn't an intrigue." "Eh! _mon Dieu!___ What else could it be?" "_Blackmail___," said Stonor sharply, bringing down his hand with a slam on the table. "That's what it was." "Ah! Voilà une idée!" cried the magistrate, shaken in spite of himself. "Blackmail," repeated Stonor. "The old man was being bled—and at a good rate too. Four thousand in a couple of months. Whew! I told you just now there was a mystery about Renauld. Evidently this Madame Daubreuil knew enough of it to put the screws on." "It is possible," the commissary cried excitedly. "Decidedly, it is possible." "Possible?" roared Stonor. "It's certain! Tell me, have you asked Mrs. Renauld about this love affair stunt of yours?" "No, monsieur. We did not wish to occasion her any distress if it could reasonably be avoided." "Distress? Why, she'd laugh in your face. I tell you, she and Renauld were a couple in a hundred." "Ah, that reminds me of another point," said M. Hautet. "Did M. Renauld take you into his confidence at all as to the dispositions of his will?" "I know all about it—took it to the lawyer for him after he'd drawn it out. I can give you the name of his solicitors if you want to see it. They've got it there. Quite simple. Half in trust to his wife for her lifetime, the other half to his son. A few legacies. I rather think he left me a thousand." "When was this will drawn up?" "Oh, about a year and a half ago." "Would it surprise you very much, M. Stonor, to hear that M. Renauld had made another will, less than a fortnight ago?" Stonor was obviously very much surprised. "I'd no idea of it. What's it like?" "The whole of his vast fortune is left unreservedly to his wife. There is no mention of his son." Mr. Stonor gave vent to a prolonged whistle. "I call that rather rough on the lad. His mother adores him, of course, but to the world at large it looks rather like a want of confidence on his father's part. It will be rather galling to his pride. Still, it all goes to prove what I told you, that Renauld and his wife were on first rate terms." "Quite so, quite so," said M. Hautet. "It is possible we shall have to revise our ideas on several points. We have, of course, cabled to Santiago, and are expecting a reply from there any minute. In all possibility, everything will then be perfectly clear and straightforward. On the other hand, if your suggestion of blackmail is true, Madame Daubreuil ought to be able to give us valuable information." Poirot interjected a remark: "M. Stonor, the English chauffeur, Masters, had he been long with M. Renauld?" "Over a year?" "Have you any idea whether he has ever been in South America?" "I'm quite sure he hasn't. Before coming to Mr. Renauld, he had been for many years with some people in Gloucestershire whom I know well." "In fact, you can answer for him as being above suspicion?" "Absolutely." Poirot seemed somewhat crest-fallen. Meanwhile the magistrate had summoned Marchaud. "My compliments to Madame Renauld, and I should be glad to speak to her for a few minutes. Beg her not to disturb herself. I will wait upon her upstairs." Marchaud saluted and disappeared. We waited some minutes, and then, to our surprise, the door opened, and Mrs. Renauld, deathly pale in her heavy mourning, entered the room. M. Hautet brought forward a chair, uttering vigorous protestations, and she thanked him with a smile. Stonor was holding one hand of hers in his with an eloquent sympathy. Words evidently failed him. Mrs. Renauld turned to M. Hautet. "You wished to ask me something, M. le juge." "With your permission, madame. I understand your husband was a French Canadian by birth. Can you tell me anything of his youth, or upbringing?" She shook her head. "My husband was always very reticent about himself, monsieur. He came from the North West, I know, but I fancy that he had an unhappy childhood, for he never cared to speak of that time. Our life was lived entirely in the present and the future." "Was there any mystery in his past life?" Mrs. Renauld smiled a little, and shook her head. "Nothing so romantic, I am sure, M. le juge." M. Hautet also smiled. "True, we must not permit ourselves to get melodramatic. There is one thing more he hesitated. Stonor broke in impetuously: "They've got an extraordinary idea into their heads Mrs. Renauld. They actually fancy that Mr. Renauld was carrying on an intrigue with a Madame Daubreuil who, it seems, lives next door." The scarlet colour flamed into Mrs. Renauld's cheeks. She flung her head up, then bit her lip, her face quivering. Stonor stood looking at her in astonishment, but M. Bex leaned forward and said gently: "We regret to cause you pain, madame, but have you any reason to believe that Madame Daubreuil was your husband's mistress?" With a sob of anguish, Mrs. Renauld buried her face in her hands. Her shoulders heaved convulsively. At last she lifted her head, and said brokenly: "She may have been." Never, in all my life, have I seen anything to equal the blank amazement on Stonor's face. He was thoroughly taken aback. What the next development of the conversation would have been, I cannot say, for at that moment the door was thrown violently open, and a tall young man strode into the room. Just for a moment I had the uncanny sensation that the dead man had come to life again. Then I realized that this dark head was untouched with grey, and that, in point of fact, it was a mere boy who now burst in among us with so little ceremony. He went straight to Mrs. Renauld with an impetuosity that took no heed of the presence of others. "Mother!" "Jack!" With a cry she folded him in her arms. "My dearest! But what brings you here? You were to sail on the _Anzora___ from Cherbourg two days ago?" Then, suddenly recalling to herself the presence of others, she turned with a certain dignity, "My son, messieurs." "Aha!" said M. Hautet, acknowledging the young man's bow. "So you did not sail on the _Anzora?___" "No, monsieur. As I was about to explain, the _Anzora___ was detained twenty-four hours through engine trouble. I should have sailed last night instead of the night before, but, happening to buy an evening paper, I saw in it an account of the—the awful tragedy that had befallen us His voice broke and the tears came into his eyes. "My poor father—my poor, poor, father." Staring at him like one in a dream, Mrs. Renauld repeated: "So you did not sail?" And then, with a gesture of infinite weariness, she murmured as though to herself, "After all, it does not matter—now." "Sit down, M. Renauld, I beg of you," said M. Hautet, indicating a chair. "My sympathy for you is profound. It must have been a terrible shock to you to learn the news as you did. However, it is most fortunate that you were prevented from sailing. I am in hopes that you may be able to give us just the information we need to clear up this mystery." "I am at your disposal, M. le juge. Ask me any questions you please." "To begin with, I understand that this journey was being undertaken at your father's request?" "Quite so, M. le juge. I received a telegram bidding me to proceed without delay to Buenos Ayres, and from thence via the Andes to Valparaiso and on to Santiago." "Ah. And the object of this journey?" "I have no idea, M. le juge." "What?" "No. See, here is the telegram." The magistrate took it and read it aloud. " ‘Proceed immediately Cherbourg embark _Anzora___ sailing tonight Buenos Ayres. Ultimate destination Santiago. Further instructions will await you Buenos Ayres. Do not fail. Matter is of utmost importance. Renauld.' And there had been no previous correspondence on the matter?" Jack Renauld shook his head. "That is the only intimation of any kind. I knew, of course, that my father, having lived so long out there, had necessarily many interests in South America. But he had never mooted any suggestion of sending me out." "You have, of course, been a good deal in South America, M. Renauld?" "I was there as a child. But I was educated in England, and spent most of my holidays in that country, so I really know far less of South America than might be supposed. You see, the war broke out when I was seventeen." "You served in the English Flying Corps, did you not?" "Yes, M. le juge." M. Hautet nodded his head, and proceeded with his inquiries along the, by now, well-known lines. In response, Jack Renauld declared definitely that he knew nothing of any enmity his father might have incurred in the city of Santiago, or elsewhere in the South American continent, that he had noticed no change in his father's manner of late, and that he had never heard him refer to a secret. He had regarded the mission to South America as connected with business interests. As M. Hautet paused for a minute, the quiet voice of Giraud broke in. "I should like to put a few questions on my own account, M. le juge." "By all means, M. Giraud, if you wish," said the magistrate coldly. Giraud edged his chair a little nearer to the table. "Were you on good terms with your father, M. Renauld?" "Certainly I was," returned the lad haughtily. "You assert that positively?" "Yes." "No little disputes, eh?" Jack shrugged his shoulders. "Every one may have a difference of opinion now and then." "Quite so, quite so. But if any one were to assert that you had a violent quarrel with your father on the eve of your departure for Paris, that person, without doubt, would be lying?" I could not but admire the ingenuity of Giraud. His boast "I know everything" had been no idle one. Jack Renauld was clearly disconcerted by the question. "We—we did have an argument," he admitted. "Ah, an argument! In the course of that argument did you use this phrase: ‘When you are dead, I can do as I please?' " "I may have done," muttered the other. "I don't know." "In response to that, did your father say: ‘But I am not dead yet!' To which you responded: ‘I wish you were!' " The boy made no answer. His hands fiddled nervously with the things on the table in front of him. "I must request an answer, please, M. Renauld," said Giraud sharply. With an angry exclamation, the boy swept a heavy paper-knife on to the floor. "What does it matter? You might as well know. Yes, I did quarrel with my father. I dare say I said all those things—I was so angry I cannot even remember what I said! I was furious—I could almost have killed him at that moment—there, make the most of that!" He leant back in his chair, flushed and defiant. Giraud smiled, then, moving his chair back a little, said: "That is all. You would, without doubt, prefer to continue the interrogatory, M. le juge." "Ah, yes, exactly," said M. Hautet. "And what was the subject of your quarrel?" "I decline to state." M. Hautet sat up in his chair. "M. Renauld, it is not permitted to trifle with the law!" he thundered. "What was the subject of the quarrel?" Young Renauld remained silent, his boyish face sullen and overcast. But another voice spoke, imperturbable and calm, the voice of Hercule Poirot. "I will inform you, if you like, M. le juge." "You know?" "Certainly I know. The subject of the quarrel was Mademoiselle Marthe Daubreuil." Renauld sprang round, startled. The magistrate leaned forward. "Is this so, monsieur." Jack Renauld bowed his head. "Yes," he admitted. "I love Mademoiselle Daubreuil, and I wish to marry her. When I informed my father of the fact, he flew at once into a violent rage. Naturally I could not stand hearing the girl I loved insulted, and I, too, lost my temper." M. Hautet looked across at Mrs. Renauld. "You were aware of this—attachment, madame." "I feared it," she replied simply. "Mother," cried the boy. "You too! Marthe is as good as she is beautiful. What can you have against her?" "I have nothing against Mademoiselle Daubreuil in any way. But I should prefer you to marry an Englishwoman, or if a Frenchwoman not one who has a mother of doubtful antecedents!" Her rancour against the older woman showed plainly in her voice, and I could well understand that it must have been a bitter blow to her when her only son showed signs of falling in love with the daughter of her rival. Mrs. Renauld continued, addressing the magistrate: "I ought, perhaps, to have spoken to my husband on the subject, but I hoped that it was only a boy and girl flirtation which would blow over all the quicker if no notice was taken of it. I blame myself now for my silence, but my husband, as I told you, had seemed so anxious and care-worn, different altogether from his normal self, that I was chiefly concerned not to give him any additional worry." M. Hautet nodded. "When you informed your father of your intentions towards Mademoiselle Daubreuil," he resumed, "he was surprised?" "He seemed completely taken aback. Then he ordered me peremptorily to dismiss any such idea from my mind. He would never give his consent to such a marriage. Nettled, I demanded what he had against Mademoiselle Daubreuil. To that he could give no satisfactory reply, but spoke in slighting terms of the mystery surrounding the lives of the mother and daughter. I answered that I was marrying Marthe, and not her antecedents, but he shouted me down with a peremptory refusal to discuss the matter in any way. The whole thing must be given up. The injustice and high-handedness of it all maddened me—especially since he himself always seemed to go out of his way to be attentive to the Daubreuils and was always suggesting that they should be asked to the house. I lost my head, and we quarrelled in earnest. My father reminded me that I was entirely dependent on him, and it must have been in answer to that that I made the remark about doing as I pleased after his death Poirot interrupted with a quick question. "You were aware, then, of the terms of your father's will?" "I knew that he had left half his fortune to me, the other half in trust for my mother to come to me at her death," replied the lad. "Proceed with your story," said the magistrate. "After that we shouted at each other in sheer rage, until I suddenly realized that I was in danger of missing my train to Paris. I had to run for the station, still in a white heat of fury. However, once well away, I calmed down. I wrote to Marthe, telling her what had happened, and her reply soothed me still further. She pointed out to me that we had only to be steadfast, and any opposition was bound to give way at last. Our affection for each other must be tried and proved, and when my parents realized that it was no light infatuation on my part they would doubtless relent towards us. Of course, to her, I had not dwelt on my father's principal objection to the match. I soon saw that I should do my cause no good by violence. My father wrote me several letters to Paris, affectionate in tone, and which did not refer to our disagreement or its cause, and I replied in the same strain." "You can produce those letters, eh?" said Giraud. "I did not keep them." "No matter," said the detective. Renauld looked at him for a moment, but the magistrate was continuing his questions. "To pass to another matter, are you acquainted with the name of Duveen, M. Renauld?" "Duveen?" said Jack. "Duveen?" He leant forward, and slowly picked up the paper-knife he had swept from the table. As he lifted his head, his eyes met the watching ones of Giraud. "Duveen? No, I can't say I am." "Will you read this letter, M. Renauld? And tell me if you have any idea as to who the person was who addressed it to your father?" Jack Renauld took the letter, and read it through, the colour mounting in his face as he did so. "Addressed to my father?" The emotion and indignation in his tones were evident. "Yes. We found it in the pocket of his coat." "Does He hesitated, throwing the merest fraction of a glance towards his mother. The magistrate understood. "As yet—no. Can you give us any clue as to the writer?" "I have no idea whatsoever." M. Hautet sighed. "A most mysterious case. Ah, well, I suppose we can now rule out the letter altogether. What do you think, M. Giraud? It does not seem to lead us anywhere." "It certainly does not," agreed the detective with emphasis. "And yet," sighed the magistrate, "it promised at the beginning to be such a beautiful and simple case!" He caught Mrs. Renauld's eye, and blushed in immediate confusion. "Ah, yes," he coughed, turning over the papers on the table. "Let me see, where were we? Oh, the weapon. I fear this may give you pain, M. Renauld. I understand it was a present from you to your mother. Very sad—very distressing Jack Renauld leaned forward. His face, which had flushed during the perusal of the letter, was now deadly white. "Do you mean—that it was with an aeroplane wire paper cutter that my father was—was killed? But it's impossible! A little thing like that!" "Alas, M. Renauld, it is only too true! An ideal little tool, I fear. Sharp and easy to handle." "Where is it? Can I see it? Is it still in the—the body?" "Oh, no, it had been removed. You would like to see it? To make sure? It would be as well, perhaps, though madame has already identified it. Still—M. Bex, might I trouble you?" "Certainly, M. le juge. I will fetch it immediately." "Would it not be better to take M. Renauld to the shed?" suggested Giraud smoothly. "Without doubt he would wish to see his father's body." The boy made a shivering gesture of negation, and the magistrate, always disposed to cross Giraud whenever possible, replied. "But no—not at present. M. Bex will be so kind as to bring it to us here." The commissary left the room. Stonor crossed to Jack, and wrung him by the hand. Poirot had risen and was adjusting a pair of candlesticks that struck his trained eye as being a shade askew. The magistrate was reading the mysterious love-letter through a last time, clinging desperately to his first theory of jealousy and a stab in the back. Suddenly the door burst open and the commissary rushed in. "M. le juge! M. le juge!" "But yes. What is it?" "The dagger! It is gone!" "_Comment___—gone?" "Vanished. Disappeared. The glass jar that contained it is empty!" "What?" I cried. "Impossible. Why, only this morning I saw The words died on my tongue. But the attention of the entire room was diverted to me. "What is that you say?" cried the commissary. "This morning?" "I saw it there this morning," I said slowly. "About "You went to the shed, then? How did you get the key?" "I asked the _sergent de ville___ for it." "And you went there? Why?" I hesitated, but in the end I decided that the only thing to do was to make a clean breast of it. "M. le juge," I said. "I have committed a grave fault, for which I must crave your indulgence." "_Eh bien!___ Proceed, monsieur." "The fact of the matter is," I said, wishing myself anywhere else than where I was, "that I met a young lady, an acquaintance of mine. She displayed a great desire to see everything that was to be seen, and I—well, in short, I took the key to show her the body." "Ah, _par exemple___," cried the magistrate indignantly. "But it is a grave fault you have committed there, Captain Hastings. It is altogether most irregular. You should not have permitted yourself this folly." "I know," I said meekly. "Nothing that you can say could be too severe, M. le juge." "You did not invite this lady to come here?" "Certainly not. I met her quite by accident. She is an English lady who happens to be staying in Merlinville, though I was not aware of that until my unexpected meeting with her." "Well, well," said the magistrate, softening. "It was most irregular, but the lady is without doubt young and beautiful, _n'est-ce pas?___ What it is to be young! _O jeunesse, jeunesse!___" And he sighed sentimentally. But the commissary, less romantic, and more practical, took up the tale: "But did not you reclose and lock the door when you departed." "That's just it," I said slowly. "That's what I blame myself for so terribly. My friend was upset at the sight. She nearly fainted. I got her some brandy and water, and afterwards insisted on accompanying her back to town. In the excitement, I forgot to relock the door. I only did so when I got back to the Villa." "Then for twenty minutes at least said the commissary slowly. He stopped. "Exactly," I said. "Twenty minutes," mused the commissary. "It is deplorable," said M. Hautet, his sternness of manner returning. "Without precedent." Suddenly another voice spoke. "You find it deplorable, M. le juge?" asked Giraud. "Certainly I do." "_Eh bien!___ I find it admirable," said the other imperturbably. This unexpected ally quite bewildered me. "Admirable, M. Giraud?" asked the magistrate, studying him cautiously out of the corner of his eye. "Precisely." "And why?" "Because we know now that the assassin, or an accomplice of the assassin, has been near the Villa only an hour ago. It will be strange if, with that knowledge, we do not shortly lay hands upon him." There was a note of menace in his voice. He continued: "He risked a good deal to gain possession of that dagger. Perhaps he feared that finger-prints might be discovered on it." Poirot turned to Bex. "You said there were none?" Giraud shrugged his shoulders. "Perhaps he could not be sure." Poirot looked at him. "You are wrong, M. Giraud. The assassin wore gloves. So he must have been sure." "I do not say it was the assassin himself. It may have been an accomplice who was not aware of that fact." "_Ils sont mal renseignés, les accomplices!___" muttered Poirot, but he said no more. The magistrate's clerk was gathering up the papers on the table. M. Hautet addressed us: "Our work here is finished. Perhaps, M. Renauld, you will listen whilst your evidence is read over to you. I have purposely kept all the proceedings as informal as possible. I have been called original in my methods, but I maintain that there is much to be said for originality. The case is now in the clever hands of the renowned M. Giraud. He will without doubt distinguish himself. Indeed, I wonder that he has not already laid his hands upon the murderers! Madame, again let me assure you of my heart-felt sympathy. Messieurs, I wish you all good day." And, accompanied by his clerk and the commissary, he took his departure. Poirot tugged out that large turnip of a watch of his, and observed the time. "Let us return to the hotel for lunch, my friend," he said. "And you shall recount to me in full the indiscretions of this morning. No one is observing us. We need make no adieux." We went quietly out of the room. The examining magistrate had just driven off in his car. I was going down the steps when Poirot's voice arrested me: "One little moment, my friend." Dexterously, he whipped out his yard measure, and proceeded, quite solemnly, to measure an overcoat hanging in the hall from the collar to the hem. I had not seen it hanging there before, and guessed that it belonged to either Mr. Stonor, or Jack Renauld. Then, with a little satisfied grunt, Poirot returned the measure to his pocket, and followed me out into the open air. "Why did you measure that overcoat?" I asked, with some curiosity, as we walked down the hot white road at a leisurely pace. "_Parbleu!___ to see how long it was," replied my friend imperturbably. I was vexed. Poirot's incurable habit of making a mystery out of nothing never failed to irritate me. I relapsed into silence, and followed a train of thought of my own. Although I had not noticed them specially at the time, certain words Mrs. Renauld had addressed to her son now recurred to me, fraught with a new significance. "So you did not sail?" she had said, and then had added: "_After all, it does not matter—now.___" What had she meant by that? The words were enigmatical—significant. Was it possible that she knew more than we supposed? She had denied all knowledge of the mysterious mission with which her husband was to have entrusted his son. But was she really less ignorant than she pretended? Could she enlighten us if she chose, and was her silence part of a carefully thought out and preconceived plan? The more I thought about it, the more I was convinced that I was right. Mrs. Renauld knew more than she chose to tell. In her surprise at seeing her son, she had momentarily betrayed herself. I felt convinced that she knew, if not the assassins, at least the motive for the assassination. But some very powerful considerations must keep her silent. "You think profoundly, my friend," remarked Poirot, breaking in upon my reflections. "What is it that intrigues you so?" I told him, sure of my ground, though feeling expectant that he would ridicule my suspicions. But to my surprise he nodded thoughtfully. "You are quite right, Hastings. From the beginning I have been sure that she was keeping something back. At first I suspected her, if not of inspiring, at least of conniving at the crime." "You suspected _her?___" I cried. "But certainly! She benefits enormously—in fact, by this new will, she is the only person to benefit. So, from the start, she was singled out for attention. You may have noticed that I took an early opportunity of examining her wrists. I wished to see whether there was any possibility that she had gagged and bound herself. _Eh bien___, I saw at once that there was no fake, the cords had actually been drawn so tight as to cut into the flesh. That ruled out the possibility of her having committed the crime single-handed. But it was still possible for her to have connived at it, or to have been the instigator with an accomplice. Moreover, the story, as she told it, was singularly familiar to me—the masked men that she could not recognize, the mention of ‘the secret'—I had heard, or read, all these things before. Another little detail confirmed my belief that she was not speaking the truth. _The wrist watch, Hastings, the wrist watch!___" Again that wrist watch! Poirot was eyeing me curiously. "You see, _mon ami?___ You comprehend?" "No," I replied with some ill humour. "I neither see nor comprehend. You make all these confounded mysteries, and it's useless asking you to explain. You always like keeping everything up your sleeve to the last minute." "Do not enrage yourself, my friend," said Poirot with a smile. "I will explain if you wish. But not a word to Giraud, _c'est entendu?___ He treats me as an old one of no importance! _We shall see!___ In common fairness I gave him a hint. If he does not choose to act upon it, that is his own look out." I assured Poirot that he could rely upon my discretion. "_C'est bien!___ Let us then employ our little grey cells. Tell me, my friend, at what time, according to you, did the tragedy take place?" "Why, at two o'clock or thereabouts," I said, astonished. "You remember, Mrs. Renauld told us that she heard the clock strike while the men were in the room." "Exactly, and on the strength of that, you, the examining magistrate, Bex, and every one else, accept the time without further question. But I, Hercule Poirot, say that Madame Renauld lied. _The crime took place at least two hours earlier.___" "But the doctors "They declared, after examination of the body, that death had taken place between ten and seven hours previously. _Mon ami___, for some reason, it was imperative that the crime should seem to have taken place later than it actually did. You have read of a smashed watch or clock recording the exact hour of a crime? So that the time should not rest on Mrs. Renauld's testimony alone, some one moved on the hands of that wrist watch to two o'clock, and then dashed it violently to the ground. But, as is often the case, they defeated their own object. The glass was smashed, but the mechanism of the watch was uninjured. It was a most disastrous manoeuvre on their part, for it at once drew my attention to two points—first, that Madame Renauld was lying: secondly, that there must be some vital reason for the postponement of the time." "But what reason could there be?" "Ah, that is the question! There we have the whole mystery. As yet, I cannot explain it. There is only one idea that presents itself to me as having a possible connection." "And that is?" "The last train left Merlinville at seventeen minutes past twelve." I followed it out slowly. "So that, the crime apparently taking place some two hours later, any one leaving by that train would have an unimpeachable alibi!" "Perfect, Hastings! You have it!" I sprang up. "But we must inquire at the station. Surely they cannot have failed to notice two foreigners who left by that train! We must go there at once!" "You think so, Hastings?" "Of course. Let us go there now." Poirot restrained my ardour with a light touch upon the arm. "Go by all means if you wish, _mon ami___—but if you go, I should not ask for particulars of two foreigners." I stared, and he said rather impatiently: "Là, là, you do not believe all that rigmarole, do you? The masked men and all the rest of _cette histoire-là!___" His words took me so much aback that I hardly knew how to respond. He went on serenely: "You heard me say to Giraud, did you not, that all the details of this crime were familiar to me? _Eh bien___, that presupposes one of two things, either the brain that planned the first crime also planned this one, or else an account read of a _cause célèbre___ unconsciously remained in our assassin's memory and prompted the details. I shall be able to pronounce definitely on that after he broke off. I was revolving sundry matters in my mind. "But Mr. Renauld's letter? It distinctly mentions a secret and Santiago?" "Undoubtedly there was a secret in M. Renauld's life—there can be no doubt of that. On the other hand, the word Santiago, to my mind, is a red herring, dragged continually across the track to put us off the scent. It is possible that it was used in the same way on M. Renauld, to keep him from directing his suspicions into a quarter nearer at hand. Oh, be assured, Hastings, the danger that threatened him was not in Santiago, it was near at hand, in France." He spoke so gravely, and with such assurance, that I could not fail to be convinced. But I essayed one final objection: "And the match and cigarette end found near the body? What of them." A light of pure enjoyment lit up Poirot's face. "Planted! Deliberately planted there for Giraud or one of his tribe to find! Ah, he is smart, Giraud, he can do his tricks! So can a good retriever dog. He comes in so pleased with himself. For hours he has crawled on his stomach. ‘See what I have found,' he says. And then again to me: ‘What do you see here?' Me, I answer, with profound and deep truth, ‘Nothing.' And Giraud, the great Giraud, he laughs, he thinks to himself, ‘Oh, that he is imbecile, this old one!' _But we shall see. ...___" But my mind had reverted to the main facts. "Then all this story of the masked men—?" "Is false." "What really happened?" Poirot shrugged his shoulders. "One person could tell us—Madame Renauld. But she will not speak. Threats and entreaties would not move her. A remarkable woman that, Hastings. I recognized as soon as I saw her that I had to deal with a woman of unusual character. At first, as I told you, I was inclined to suspect her of being concerned in the crime. Afterwards I altered my opinion." "What made you do that?" "Her spontaneous and genuine grief at the sight of her husband's body. I could swear that the agony in that cry of hers was genuine." "Yes," I said thoughtfully, "one cannot mistake these things." "I beg your pardon, my friend—one can always be mistaken. Regard a great actress, does not her acting of grief carry you away and impress you with its reality? No, however strong my own impression and belief, I needed other evidence before I allowed myself to be satisfied. The great criminal can be a great actor. I base my certainty in this case, not upon my own impression, but upon the undeniable fact that Mrs. Renauld actually fainted. I turned up her eyelids and felt her pulse. There was no deception—the swoon was genuine. Therefore I was satisfied that her anguish was real and not assumed. Besides, a small additional point not without interest, it was unnecessary for Mrs. Renauld to exhibit unrestrained grief. She had had one paroxysm on learning of her husband's death, and there would be no need for her to simulate another such a violent one on beholding his body. No, Mrs. Renauld was not her husband's murderess. But why has she lied? She lied about the wrist watch, she lied about the masked men—she lied about a third thing. Tell me, Hastings, what is your explanation of the open door?" "Well," I said, rather embarrassed, "I suppose it was an oversight. They forgot to shut it." Poirot shook his head, and sighed. "That is the explanation of Giraud. It does not satisfy me. There is a meaning behind that open door which for a moment I cannot fathom." "I have an idea," I cried suddenly. "_A la bonne heure!___ Let us hear it." "Listen. We are agreed that Mrs. Renauld's story is a fabrication. Is it not possible, then, that Mr. Renauld left the house to keep an appointment—possibly with the murderer—leaving the front door open for his return. But he did not return, and the next morning he is found, stabbed in the back." "An admirable theory, Hastings, but for two facts which you have characteristically overlooked. In the first place, who gagged and bound Madame Renauld? And why on earth should they return to the house to do so? In the second place, no man on earth would go out to keep an appointment wearing his underclothes and an overcoat. There are circumstances in which a man might wear pajamas and an overcoat—but the other, never!" "True," I said, rather crest-fallen. "No," continued Poirot, "we must look elsewhere for a solution of the open door mystery. One thing I am fairly sure of—they did not leave through the door. They left by the window." "What?" "Precisely." "But there were no footmarks in the flower bed underneath." "No—_and there ought to have been.___ Listen, Hastings. The gardener, Auguste, as you heard him say, planted both those beds the preceding afternoon. In the one there are plentiful impressions of his big hobnailed boots—in the other, _none!___ You see? Some one had passed that way, some one who, to obliterate their footprints, smoothed over the surface of the bed with a rake." "Where did they get a rake?" "Where they got the spade and the gardening gloves," said Poirot impatiently. "There is no difficulty about that." "What makes you think that they left that way, though? Surely it is more probable that they entered by the window, and left by the door." "That is possible of course. Yet I have a strong idea that they left by the window." "I think you are wrong." "Perhaps, _mon ami___." I mused, thinking over the new field of conjecture that Poirot's deductions had opened up to me. I recalled my wonder at his cryptic allusions to the flower bed and the wrist watch. His remarks had seemed so meaningless at the moment and now, for the first time, I realized how remarkably, from a few slight incidents, he had unravelled much of the mystery that surrounded the case. I paid a belated homage to my friend. As though he read my thoughts, he nodded sagely. "Method, you comprehend! Method! Arrange your facts. Arrange your ideas. And if some little fact will not fit in—do not reject it but consider it closely. Though its significance escapes you, be sure that it is significant." "In the meantime," I said, considering, "although we know a great deal more than we did, we are no nearer to solving the mystery of who killed Mr. Renauld." "No," said Poirot cheerfully. "In fact we are a great deal further off." The fact seemed to afford him such peculiar satisfaction that I gazed at him in wonder. He met my eye and smiled. "But yes, it is better so. Before, there was at all events a clear theory as to how and by whose hands he met his death. Now that is all gone. We are in darkness. A hundred conflicting points confuse and worry us. That is well. That is excellent. Out of confusion comes forth order. But if you find order to start with, if a crime seems simple and above-board, _eh bien, méfiez vous!___ It is, how do you say it?—_cooked!___ The great criminal is simple—but very few criminals _are___ great. In trying to cover up their tracks, they invariably betray themselves. Ah, _mon ami___, I would that some day I could meet a really great criminal—one who commits his crime, and then—does nothing! Even I, Hercule Poirot, might fail to catch such a one." But I had not followed his words. A light had burst upon me. "Poirot! Mrs. Renauld! I see it now. She must be shielding somebody." From the quietness with which Poirot received my remark, I could see that the idea had already occurred to him. "Yes," he said thoughtfully. "Shielding some one—or screening some one. One of the two." I saw very little difference between the two words, but I developed my theme with a good deal of earnestness. Poirot maintained a strictly non-committal attitude, repeating: "It may be—yes, it may be. But as yet I do not know! There is something very deep underneath all this. You will see. Something very deep." Then, as we entered our hotel, he enjoined silence on me with a gesture. We lunched with an excellent appetite. I understood well enough that Poirot did not wish to discuss the tragedy where we could so easily be overheard. But, as is usual when one topic fills the mind to the exclusion of everything else, no other subject of interest seemed to present itself. For a while we ate in silence, and then Poirot observed maliciously: "_Eh bien!___ And your indiscretions! You recount them not?" I felt myself blushing. "Oh, you mean this morning?" I endeavoured to adopt a tone of absolute nonchalance. But I was no match for Poirot. In a very few minutes he had extracted the whole story from me, his eyes twinkling as he did so. "_Tiens!___ A story of the most romantic. What is her name, this charming young lady?" I had to confess that I did She looked down at the corpse almost without interest, certainly without any sign of agitation or recognition. "No," she said. "I have never seen him in my life. He is quite a stranger to me." "You are sure?" "Quite sure." "You do not recognize in him one of your assailants, for instance?" "No," she seemed to hesitate, as though struck by the idea. "No, I do not think so. Of course they wore beards—false ones the examining magistrate thought, but still—no." Now she seemed to make her mind up definitely. "I am sure neither of the two was this man." "Very well, madame. That is all, then." She stepped out with head erect, the sun flashing on the silver threads in her hair. Jack Renauld succeeded her. He, too, failed to identify the man, in a completely natural manner. Giraud merely grunted. Whether he was pleased or chagrined I could not tell. He merely called to Marchaud: "You have got the other there?" "Yes, monsieur." "Bring her in then." "The other" was Madame Daubreuil. She came indignantly, protesting with vehemence. "I object, monsieur! This is an outrage! What have I to do with all this?" "Madame," said Giraud brutally, "I am investigating not one murder, but two murders! For all I know you may have committed them both." "How dare you?" she cried. "How dare you insult me by such a wild accusation! It is infamous." "Infamous, is it? What about this?" Stooping, he again detached the hair, and held it up. "Do you see this, madame?" He advanced towards her. "You permit that I see whether it matches?" With a cry she started backwards, white to the lips. "It is false—I swear it. I know nothing of the crime—of either crime. Any one who says I do lies! Ah! _mon Dieu___, what shall I do?" "Calm yourself, madame," said Giraud coldly. "No one has accused you as yet. But you will do well to answer my questions without more ado." "Anything you wish, monsieur." "Look at the dead man. Have you ever seen him before?" Drawing nearer, a little of the colour creeping back to her face, Madame Daubreuil looked down at the victim with a certain amount of interest and curiosity. Then she shook her head. "I do not know him." It seemed impossible to doubt her, the words came so naturally. Giraud dismissed her with a nod of the head. "You are letting her go?" I asked in a low voice. "Is that wise? Surely that black hair is from her head." "I do not need teaching my business," said Giraud dryly. "She is under surveillance. I have no wish to arrest her as yet." Then, frowning, he gazed down at the body. "Should you say that was a Spanish type at all?" he asked suddenly. I considered the face carefully. "No," I said at last. "I should put him down as a Frenchman most decidedly." Giraud gave a grunt of dissatisfaction. "Same here." He stood there for a moment, then with an imperative gesture he waved me aside, and once more, on hands and knees, he continued his search of the floor of the shed. He was marvellous. Nothing escaped him. Inch by inch he went over the floor, turning over pots, examining old sacks. He pounced on a bundle by the door, but it proved to be only a ragged coat and trousers, and he flung it down again with a snarl. Two pairs of old gloves interested him, but in the end he shook his head and laid them aside. Then he went back to the pots, methodically turning them over one by one. In the end, he rose to his feet, and shook his head thoughtfully. He seemed baffled and perplexed. I think he had forgotten my presence. But, at that moment, a stir and bustle was heard outside, and our old friend, the examining magistrate, accompanied by his clerk and M. Bex, with the doctor behind him, came bustling in. "But this is extraordinary, Mr. Giraud," cried M. Hautet. "Another crime! Ah, we have not got to the bottom of this case. There is some deep mystery here. But who is the victim this time?" "That is just what nobody can tell us, M. le juge. He has not been identified." "Where is the body?" asked the doctor. Giraud moved aside a little. "There in the corner. He has been stabbed to the heart, as you see. And with the dagger that was stolen yesterday morning. I fancy that the murder followed hard upon the theft—but that is for you to say. You can handle the dagger freely—there are no finger-prints on it." The doctor knelt down by the dead man, and Giraud turned to the examining magistrate. "A pretty little problem, is it not? But I shall solve it." "And so no one can identify him," mused the magistrate. "Could it possibly be one of the assassins? They may have fallen out among themselves." Giraud shook his head. "The man is a Frenchman—I would take my oath of that But at that moment they were interrupted by the doctor who was sitting back on his heels with a perplexed expression. "You say he was killed yesterday morning?" "I fix it by the theft of the dagger," explained Giraud. "He may, of course, have been killed later in the day." "Later in the day? Fiddlesticks! This man has been dead at least forty-eight hours, and probably longer." We stared at each other in blank amazement. The doctor's words were so surprising that we were all momentarily taken aback. Here was a man stabbed with a dagger which we knew to have been stolen only twenty-four hours previously, and yet Dr. Durand asserted positively that he had been dead at least forty-eight hours! The whole thing was fantastic to the last extreme. We were still recovering from the surprise of the doctor's announcement, when a telegram was brought to me. It had been sent up from the hotel to the Villa. I tore it open. It was from Poirot, and announced his return by the train arriving at Merlinville at 12:28. I looked at my watch and saw that I had just time to get comfortably to the station and meet him there. I felt that it was of the utmost importance that he should know at once of the new and startling developments in the case. Evidently, I reflected, Poirot had had no difficulty in finding what he wanted in Paris. The quickness of his return proved that. Very few hours had sufficed. I wondered how he would take the exciting news I had to impart. The train was some minutes late, and I strolled aimlessly up and down the platform, until it occurred to me that I might pass the time by asking a few questions as to who had left Merlinville by the last train on the evening of the tragedy. I approached the chief porter, an intelligent looking man, and had little difficulty in persuading him to enter upon the subject. It was a disgrace to the Police, he hotly affirmed, that such brigands of assassins should be allowed to go about unpunished. I hinted that there was some possibility they might have left by the midnight train, but he negatived the idea decidedly. He would have noticed two foreigners—he was sure of it. Only about twenty people had left by the train, and he could not have failed to observe them. I do not know what put the idea into my head—possibly it was the deep anxiety underlying Marthe Daubreuil's tones—but I asked suddenly: "Young M. Renauld—he did not leave by that train, did he?" "Ah, no, monsieur. To arrive and start off again within half an hour, it would not be amusing, that!" I stared at the man, the significance of his words almost escaping me. Then I saw. ... "You mean," I said, my heart beating a little, "that M. Jack Renauld arrived at Merlinville that evening?" "But yes, monsieur. By the last train arriving the other way, the 11:40." My brain whirled. That, then, was the reason of Marthe's poignant anxiety. Jack Renauld had been in Merlinville on the night of the crime! But why had he not said so? Why, on the contrary, had he led us to believe that he had remained in Cherbourg? Remembering his frank boyish countenance, I could hardly bring myself to believe that he had any connection with the crime. Yet why this silence on his part about so vital a matter? One thing was certain, Marthe had known all along. Hence her anxiety, and her eager questioning of Poirot to know whether any one were suspected. My cogitations were interrupted by the arrival of the train, and in another moment I was greeting Poirot. The little man was radiant. He beamed and vociferated and, forgetting my English reluctance, embraced me warmly on the platform. "_Mon cher ami___, I have succeeded—but succeeded to a marvel!" "Indeed? I'm delighted to hear it. Have you heard the latest here?" "How would you that I should hear anything? There have been some developments, eh? The brave Giraud, he has made an arrest? Or even arrests perhaps? Ah, but I will make him look foolish, that one! But where are you taking me, my friend? Do we not go to the hotel? It is necessary that I attend to my moustaches—they are deplorably limp from the heat of travelling. Also, without doubt, there is dust on my coat. And my tie, that I must rearrange." I cut short his remonstrances. "My dear Poirot—never mind all that. We must go to the Villa at once. _There has been another murder!___" I have frequently been disappointed when fancying that I was giving news of importance to my friend. Either he has known it already or he has dismissed it as irrelevant to the main issue—and in the latter case events have usually proved him justified. But this time I could not complain of missing my effect. Never have I seen a man so flabbergasted. His jaw dropped. All the jauntiness went out of his bearing. He stared at me open-mouthed. "What is that you say? Another murder? Ah, then, I am all wrong. I have failed. Giraud may mock himself at me—he will have reason!" "You did not expect it, then?" "I? Not the least in the world. It demolishes my theory—it ruins everything—it—ah, no!" He stopped dead, thumping himself on the chest. "It is impossible. I _cannot___ be wrong! The facts, taken methodically and in their proper order admit of only one explanation. I must be right! I _am___ right!" "But then He interrupted me. "Wait, my friend. I must be right, therefore this new murder is impossible unless—unless—oh, wait, I implore you. Say no word He was silent for a moment or two, then, resuming his normal manner, he said in a quiet assured voice: "The victim is a man of middle-age. His body was found in the locked shed near the scene of the crime and had been dead at least forty-eight hours. And it is most probable that he was stabbed in a similar manner to M. Renauld, though not necessarily in the back." It was my turn to gape—and gape I did. In all my knowledge of Poirot he had never done anything so amazing as this. And, almost inevitably, a doubt crossed my mind. "Poirot," I cried, "you're pulling my leg. You've heard all about it already." He turned his earnest gaze upon me reproachfully. "Would I do such a thing? I assure you that I have heard nothing whatsoever. Did you not observe the shock your news was to me?" "But how on earth could you know all that?" "I was right then? But I knew it. The little grey cells, my friend, the little grey cells! They told me. Thus, and in no other way, could there have been a second death. Now tell me all. If we go round to the left here, we can take a short cut across the golf links which will bring us to the back of the Villa Geneviève much more quickly." As we walked, taking the way he had indicated, I recounted all I knew. Poirot listened attentively. "The dagger was in the wound, you say? That is curious. You are sure it was the same one?" "Absolutely certain. That's what make it so impossible." "Nothing is impossible. There may have been two daggers." I raised my eyebrows. "Surely that is in the highest degree unlikely? It would be a most extraordinary coincidence." "You speak as usual, without reflection, Hastings. In some cases two identical weapons _would___ be highly improbable. But not here. This particular weapon was a war souvenir which was made to Jack Renauld's orders. It is really highly unlikely, when you come to think of it, that he should have had only one made. Very probably he would have another for his own use." "But nobody has mentioned such a thing," I objected. A hint of the lecturer crept into Poirot's tone. "My friend, in working upon a case, one does not take into account only the things that are ‘mentioned.' There is no reason to mention many things which may be important. Equally, there is often an excellent reason for _not___ mentioning them. You can take your choice of the two motives." I was silent, impressed in spite of myself. Another few minutes brought us to the famous shed. We found all our friends there and, after an interchange of polite amenities, Poirot began his task. Having watched Giraud at work, I was keenly interested. Poirot bestowed but a cursory glance on the surroundings. The only thing he examined was the ragged coat and trousers by the door. A disdainful smile rose to Giraud's lips, and, as though noting it, Poirot flung the bundle down again. "Old clothes of the gardener's?" he queried. "Exactly," said Giraud. Poirot knelt down by the body. His fingers were rapid but methodical. He examined the texture of the clothes, and satisfied himself that there were no marks on them. The boots he subjected to special care, also the dirty and broken finger-nails. Whilst examining the latter he threw a quick question at Giraud. "You saw these?" "Yes, I saw them," replied the other. His face remained inscrutable. Suddenly Poirot stiffened. "Dr. Durand!" "Yes?" The doctor came forward. "There is foam on the lips. You observed it?" "I didn't notice it, I must admit." "But you observe it now?" "Oh, certainly." Poirot again shot a question at Giraud. "You noticed it without doubt?" The other did not reply. Poirot proceeded. The dagger had been withdrawn from the wound. It reposed in a glass jar by the side of the body. Poirot examined it, then he studied the wound closely. When he looked up, his eyes were excited, and shone with the green light I knew so well. "It is a strange wound, this! It has not bled. There is no stain on the clothes. The blade of the dagger is slightly discoloured, that is all. What do you think, M. le docteur?" "I can only say that it is most abnormal." "It is not abnormal at all. It is most simple. The man was stabbed _after he was dead___." And, stilling the clamour of voices that arose with a wave of his hand, Poirot turned to Giraud and added, "M. Giraud agrees with me, do you not, monsieur?" Whatever Giraud's real belief, he accepted the position without moving a muscle. Calmly and almost scornfully he replied: "Certainly I agree." The murmur of surprise and interest broke out again. "But what an idea!" cried M. Hautet. "To stab a man after he is dead! Barbaric! Unheard of! Some unappeasable hate, perhaps." "No, M. le juge," said Poirot. "I should fancy it was done quite cold-bloodedly—to create an impression." "What impression?" "The impression it nearly did create," returned Poirot oracularly. M. Bex had been thinking. "How, then, was the man killed?" "He was not killed. He died. He died, M. le juge, if I am not much mistaken, of an epileptic fit!" This statement of Poirot's again aroused considerable excitement. Dr. Durand knelt down again, and made a searching examination. At last he rose to his feet. "Well, M. le docteur?" "M. Poirot, I am inclined to believe that you are correct in your assertion. I was misled to begin with. The incontrovertible fact that the man had been stabbed distracted my attention from any other indications." Poirot was the hero of the hour. The examining magistrate was profuse in compliments. Poirot responded gracefully, and then excused himself on the pretext that neither he nor I had yet lunched, and that he wished to repair the ravages of the journey. As we were about to leave the shed, Giraud approached us. "One more thing, M. Poirot," he said, in his suave mocking voice. "We found this coiled round the handle of the dagger. A woman's hair." "Ah!" said Poirot. "A woman's hair? What woman's, I wonder?" "I wonder also," said Giraud. Then, with a bow, he left us. "He was insistent, the good Giraud," said Poirot thoughtfully, as we walked towards the hotel. "I wonder in what direction he hopes to mislead me? A woman's hair—h'm!" We lunched heartily, but I found Poirot somewhat distrait and inattentive. Afterwards we went up to our sitting-room and there I begged him to tell me something of his mysterious journey to Paris. "Willingly, my friend. I went to Paris to find _this___." He took from his pocket a small faded newspaper cutting. It was the reproduction of a woman's photograph. He handed it to me. I uttered an exclamation. "You recognize it, my friend?" I nodded. Although the photo obviously dated from very many years back, and the hair was dressed in a different style, the likeness was unmistakable. "Madame Daubreuil!" I exclaimed. Poirot shook his head with a smile. "Not quite correct, my friend. She did not call herself by that name in those days. That is a picture of the notorious Madame Beroldy!" Madame Beroldy! In a flash the whole thing came back to me. The murder trial that had evoked such world-wide interest. _The Beroldy Case.___ Some twenty years or so before the opening of the present story, Monsieur Arnold Beroldy, a native of Lyons, arrived in Paris accompanied by his pretty wife and their little daughter, a mere babe. Monsieur Beroldy was a junior partner in a firm of wine merchants, a stout middle-aged man, fond of the good things of life, devoted to his charming wife, and altogether unremarkable in every way. The firm in which Monsieur Beroldy was a partner was a small one, and although doing well, it did not yield a large income to the junior partner. The Beroldys had a small apartment and lived in a very modest fashion to begin with. But unremarkable though Monsieur Beroldy might be, his wife was plentifully gilded with the brush of Romance. Young and good looking, and gifted withal with a singular charm of manner, Madame Beroldy at once created a stir in the quarter, especially when it began to be whispered that some interesting mystery surrounded her birth. It was rumoured that she was the illegitimate daughter of a Russian Grand Duke. Others asserted that it was an Austrian Archduke, and that the union was legal, though morganatic. But all stories agreed upon one point, that Jeanne Beroldy was the centre of an interesting mystery. Questioned by the curious, Madame Beroldy did not deny these rumours. On the other hand she let it be clearly understood that, though her "lips" were "sealed," all these stories had a foundation in fact. To intimate friends she unburdened herself further, spoke of political intrigues, of "papers," of obscure dangers that threatened her. There was also much talk of Crown jewels that were to be sold secretly, with herself acting as the go-between. Amongst the friends and acquaintances of the Beroldys was a young lawyer, Georges Conneau. It was soon evident that the fascinating Jeanne had completely enslaved his heart. Madame Beroldy encouraged the young man in a discreet fashion, but being always careful to affirm her complete devotion to her middle-aged husband. Nevertheless, many spiteful persons did not hesitate to declare that young Conneau was her lover—and not the only one! When the Beroldys had been in Paris about three months, another personage came upon the scene. This was Mr. Hiram P. Trapp, a native of the United States, and extremely wealthy. Introduced to the charming and mysterious Madame Beroldy, he fell a prompt victim to her fascinations. His admiration was obvious, though strictly respectful. About this time, Madame Beroldy became more outspoken in her confidences. To several friends, she declared herself greatly worried on her husband's behalf. She They had been entrusted to his custody to throw pursuers off the track, but Madame Beroldy was nervous, having recognized several important members of the Revolutionary Circle in Paris. On the 28th day of November, the blow fell. The woman who came daily to clean and cook for the Beroldys was surprised to find the door of the apartment standing wide open. Hearing faint moans issuing from the bedroom, she went in. A terrible sight met her eyes. Madame Beroldy lay on the floor, bound hand and foot, uttering feeble moans, having managed to free her mouth from a gag. On the bed was Monsieur Beroldy, lying in a pool of blood, with a knife driven through his heart. Madame Beroldy's story was clear enough. Suddenly awakened from sleep, she had discerned two masked men bending over her. Stifling her cries, they had bound and gagged her. They had then demanded of Monsieur Beroldy the famous "secret." But the intrepid wine merchant refused point-blank to accede to their request. Angered by his refusal, one of the men incontinently stabbed him through the heart. With the dead man's keys, they had opened the safe in the corner, and had carried away with them a mass of papers. Both men were heavily bearded, and had worn masks, but Madame Beroldy declared positively that they were Russians. The affair created an immense sensation. It was referred to variously as "the Nihilist Atrocity," "Revolutionaries in Paris," and the "Russian Mystery." Time went on, and the mysterious bearded men were never traced. And then, just as public interest was beginning to die down, a startling development occurred. Madame Beroldy was arrested and charged with the murder of her husband. The trial, when it came on, aroused widespread interest. The youth and beauty of the accused, and her mysterious history, were sufficient to make of it a _cause célèbre___. People ranged themselves wildly for or against the prisoner. But her partisans received several severe checks to their enthusiasm. The romantic past of Madame Beroldy, her royal blood, and the mysterious intrigues in which she had her being were shown to be mere fantasies of the imagination. It was proved beyond doubt that Jeanne Beroldy's parents were a highly respectable and prosaic couple, fruit merchants, who lived on the outskirts of Lyons. The Russian Grand Duke, the court intrigues, and the political schemes—all the stories current were traced back to—the lady herself! From her brain had emanated these ingenious myths, and she was proved to have raised a considerable sum of money from various credulous persons by her fiction of the "Crown jewels"—the jewels in question being found to be mere paste imitations. Remorselessly the whole story of her life was laid bare. The motive for the murder was found in Mr. Hiram P. Trapp. Mr. Trapp did his best, but relentlessly and agilely cross-questioned he was forced to admit that he loved the lady, and that, had she been free, he would have asked her to be his wife. The fact that the relations between them were admittedly platonic strengthened the case against the accused. Debarred from becoming his mistress by the simple honourable nature of the man, Jeanne Beroldy had conceived the monstrous project of ridding herself of her elderly undistinguished husband, and becoming the wife of the rich American. Throughout, Madame Beroldy confronted her accusers with complete sang froid and self possession. Her story never varied. She continued to declare strenuously that she was of royal birth, and that she had been substituted for the daughter of the fruit seller at an early age. Absurd and completely unsubstantiated as these statements were, a great number of people believed implicitly in their truth. But the prosecution was implacable. It denounced the masked "Russians" as a myth, and asserted that the crime had been committed by Madame Beroldy and her lover, Georges Conneau. A warrant was issued for the arrest of the latter, but he had wisely disappeared. Evidence showed that the bonds which secured Madame Beroldy were so loose that she could easily have freed herself. And then, towards the close of the trial, a letter, posted in Paris, was sent to the Public Prosecutor. It was from Georges Conneau and, without revealing his whereabouts, it contained a full confession of the crime. He declared that he had indeed struck the fatal blow at Madame Beroldy's instigation. The crime had been planned between them. Believing that her husband ill-treated her, and maddened by his own passion for her, a passion which he believed her to return, he had planned the crime and struck the fatal blow that should free the woman he loved from a hateful bondage. Now, for the first time, he learnt of Mr. Hiram P. Trapp, and realized that the woman he loved had betrayed him! Not for his sake did she wish to be free—but in order to marry the wealthy American. She had used him as a cat's-paw, and now, in his jealous rage, he turned and denounced her, declaring that throughout he had acted at her instigation. And then Madame Beroldy proved herself the remarkable woman she undoubtedly was. Without hesitation, she dropped her previous defence, and admitted that the "Russians" were a pure invention on her part. The real murderer was Georges Conneau. Maddened by passion, he had committed the crime, vowing that if she did not keep silence he would enact a terrible vengeance from her. Terrified by his threats, she had consented—also fearing it likely that if she told the truth she might be accused of conniving at the crime. But she had steadfastly refused to have anything more to do with her husband's murderer, and it was in revenge for this attitude on her part that he had written this letter accusing her. She swore solemnly that she had had nothing to do with the planning of the crime, that she had awoke on that memorable night to find Georges Conneau standing over her, the blood-stained knife in his hand. It was a touch and go affair. Madame Beroldy's story was hardly credible. But this woman, whose fairy tales of royal intrigues had been so easily accepted, had the supreme art of making herself believed. Her address to the jury was a masterpiece. The tears streaming down her face, she spoke of her child, of her woman's honour—of her desire to keep her reputation untarnished for the child's sake. She admitted that, Georges Conneau having been her lover, she might perhaps be held morally responsible for the crime—but, before God, nothing more! She knew that she had committed a grave fault in not denouncing Conneau to the law, but she declared in a broken voice that that was a thing no woman could have done. ... She had loved him! Could she let her hand be the one to send him to the Guillotine? She had been guilty of much, but she was innocent of the terrible crime imputed to her. However that may have been, her eloquence and personality won the day. Madame Beroldy, amidst a scene of unparalleled excitement, was acquitted. Despite the utmost endeavours of the police, Georges Conneau was never traced. As for Madame Beroldy, nothing more was heard of her. Taking the child with her, she left Paris to begin a new life. I have set down the Beroldy case in full. Of course all the details did not present themselves to my memory as I have recounted them here. Nevertheless, I recalled the case fairly accurately. It had attracted a great deal of interest at the time, and had been fully reported by the English papers, so that it did not need much effort of memory on my part to recollect the salient details. Just for the moment, in my excitement, it seemed to clear up the whole matter. I admit that I am impulsive, and Poirot deplores my custom of jumping to conclusions, but I think I had some excuse in this instance. The remarkable way in which this discovery justified Poirot's point of view struck me at once. "Poirot," I said, "I congratulate you. I see everything now." "If that is indeed the truth, _I___ congratulate _you___, _mon ami___. For as a rule you are not famous for seeing—eh, is it not so?" I felt a little annoyed. "Come now, don't rub it in. You've been so confoundedly mysterious all along with your hints and your insignificant details that any one might fail to see what you were driving at." Poirot lit one of his little cigarettes with his usual precision. Then he looked up. "And since you see everything now, _mon ami___, what exactly is it that you see?" "Why, that it was Madame Daubreuil—Beroldy, who murdered Mr. Renauld. The similarity of the two cases proves that beyond a doubt." "Then you consider that Madame Beroldy was wrongly acquitted? That in actual fact she was guilty of connivance in her husband's murder?" I opened my eyes wide. "But of course! Don't you?" Poirot walked to the end of the room, absentmindedly straightened a chair, and then said thoughtfully. "Yes, that is my opinion. But there is no ‘of course' about it, my friend. Technically speaking, Madame Beroldy is innocent." "Of that crime, perhaps. But not of this." Poirot sat down again, and regarded me, his thoughtful air more marked than ever. "So it is definitely your opinion, Hastings, that Madame Daubreuil murdered M. Renauld?" "Yes." "Why?" He shot the question at me with such suddenness that I was taken aback. "Why?" I stammered. "Why? Oh, because I came to a stop. Poirot nodded his head at me. "You see, you come to a stumbling-block at once. Why should Madame Daubreuil (I shall call her that for clearness sake) murder M. Renauld? We can find no shadow of a motive. She does not benefit by his death; considered as either mistress or blackmailer she stands to lose. You cannot have a murder without a motive. The first crime was different, there we had a rich lover waiting to step into her husband's shoes." "Money is not the only motive for murder," I objected. "True," agreed Poirot placidly. "There are two others, the _crime passionnel___ is one. And there is the third rare motive, murder for an idea which implies some form of mental derangement on the part of the murderer. Homicidal mania, and religious fanaticism belong to that class. We can rule it out here." "But what about the _crime passionnel?___ Can you rule that out? If Madame Daubreuil was Renauld's mistress, if she found that his affection was cooling, or if her jealousy was aroused in any way, might she not have struck him down in a moment of anger?" Poirot shook his head. "If—I say _if___, you note—Madame Daubreuil was Renauld's mistress, he had not had time to tire of her. And in any case you mistake her character. She is a woman who can simulate great emotional stress. She is a magnificent actress. But, looked at dispassionately, her life disproves her appearance. Throughout, if we examine it, she had been cold-blooded and calculating in her motives and actions. It was not to link her life with that of her young lover that she connived at her husband's murder. The rich American, for whom she probably did not care a button, was her objective. If she committed a crime, she would always do so for gain. Here there was no gain. Besides, how do you account for the digging of the grave? That was a man's work." "She might have had an accomplice," I suggested, unwilling to relinquish my belief. "I pass to another objection. You have spoken of the similarity between the two crimes. Wherein does that lie, my friend?" I stared at him in astonishment. "Why, Poirot, it was you who remarked on that! The story of the masked men, the ‘secret,' the papers!" Poirot smiled a little. "Do not be so indignant, I beg of you. I repudiate nothing. The similarity of the two stories links the two cases together inevitably. But reflect now on something very curious. It is not Madame Daubreuil who tells us this tale—if it were all would indeed be plain sailing—it is Madame Renauld. Is she then in league with the other?" "I can't believe that," I said slowly. "If it is so, she must be the most consummate actress the world has ever known." "Ta-ta-ta," said Poirot impatiently. "Again you have the sentiment, and not the logic! If it is necessary for a criminal to be a consummate actress, then by all means assume her to be one. But is it necessary? I do not believe Madame Renauld to be in league with Madame Daubreuil for several reasons, some of which I have already enumerated to you. The others are self-evident. Therefore, that possibility eliminated, we draw very near to the truth which is, as always, very curious and interesting." "Poirot," I cried, "what more do you know?" "_Mon ami___, you must make your own deductions. You have ‘access to the facts!' Concentrate your grey cells. Reason—not like Giraud—but like Hercule Poirot." "But are you _sure?___" "My friend, in many ways I have been an imbecile. But at last I see clearly." "You know everything?" "I have discovered what M. Renauld sent for me to discover." "And you know the murderer?" "I know one murderer." "What do you mean?" "We talk a little at cross-purposes. There are here not one crime, but two. The first I have solved, the second—_eh bien___, I will confess, I am not sure!" "But, Poirot, I thought you said the man in the shed had died a natural death?" "Ta-ta-ta." Poirot made his favourite ejaculation of impatience. "Still you do not understand. One may have a crime without a murderer, but for two crimes it is essential to have two bodies." His remark struck me as so peculiarly lacking in lucidity that I looked at him in some anxiety. But he appeared perfectly normal. Suddenly he rose and strolled to the window. "Here he is," he observed. "Who?" "M. Jack Renauld. I sent a note up to the Villa to ask him to come here." That changed the course of my ideas, and I asked Poirot if he knew that Jack Renauld had been in Merlinville on the night of the crime. I had hoped to catch my astute little friend napping, but as usual, he was omniscient. He, too, had inquired at the station. "And without doubt we are not original in the idea, Hastings. The excellent Giraud, he also has probably made his inquiries." "You don't think I said, and then stopped. "Ah, no, it would be too horrible!" Poirot looked inquiringly at me, but I said no more. It had just occurred to me that though there were seven women directly or indirectly connected with the case Mrs. Renauld, Madame Daubreuil and her daughter, the mysterious visitor, and the three servants—there was, with the exception of old Auguste who could hardly count, only one man—Jack Renauld. _And a man must have dug a grave. ...___ I had no time to develop further the appalling idea that had occurred to me, for Jack Renauld was ushered into the room. Poirot greeted him in a business-like manner. "Take a seat, monsieur. I regret infinitely to derange you, but you will perhaps understand that the atmosphere of the Villa is not too congenial to me. M. Giraud and I do not see eye to eye about everything. His politeness to me has not been striking and you will comprehend that I do not intend any little discoveries I may make to benefit him in any way." "Exactly, M. Poirot," said the lad. "That fellow Giraud is an ill-conditioned brute, and I'd be delighted to see some one score at his expense." "Then I may ask a little favour of you?" "Certainly." "I will ask you to go to the railway station and take a train to the next station along the line, Abbalac. Ask there at the cloak-room whether two foreigners deposited a valise there on the night of the murder. It is a small station, and they are almost certain to remember. Will you do this?" "Of course I will," said the boy, mystified, though ready for the task. "I and my friend, you comprehend, have business elsewhere," explained Poirot. "There is a train in a quarter of an hour, and I will ask you not to return to the Villa, as I have no wish for Giraud to get an inkling of your errand." "Very well, I will go straight to the station." He rose to his feet. Poirot's voice stopped him. "One moment, M. Renauld, there is one little matter that puzzles me. Why did you not mention to M. Hautet this morning that you were in Merlinville on the night of the crime?" Jack Renauld's face went crimson. With an effort he controlled himself. "You have made a mistake. I was in Cherbourg, as I told the examining magistrate this morning." Poirot looked at him, his eyes narrowed, cat-like, until they only showed a gleam of green. "Then it is a singular mistake that I have made there—for it is shared by the station staff. They say you arrived by the 11:40 train." For a moment Jack Renauld hesitated, then he made up his mind. "And if I did? I suppose you do not mean to accuse me of participating in my father's murder?" He asked the question haughtily, his head thrown back. "I should like an explanation of the reason that brought you here." "That is simple enough. I came to see my fiancée, Mademoiselle Daubreuil. I was on the eve of a long voyage, uncertain as to when I should return. I wished to see her before I went, to assure her of my unchanging devotion." "And you did see her?" Poirot's eyes never left the other's face. There was an appreciable pause before Renauld replied. Then he said: "Yes." "And afterwards?" "I found I had missed the last train. I walked to St. Beauvais where I knocked up a garage and got a car to take me back to Cherbourg." "St. Beauvais? That is fifteen kilometres. A long walk, M. Renauld." "I—I felt like walking." Poirot bowed his head as a sign that he accepted the explanation. Jack Renauld took up his hat and cane and departed. In a trice Poirot jumped to his feet. "Quick, Hastings. We will go after him." Keeping a discreet distance behind our quarry, we followed him through the streets of Merlinville. But when Poirot saw that he took the turning to the station, he checked himself. "All is well. He has taken the bait. He will go to Abbalac, and will inquire for the mythical valise left by the mythical foreigners. Yes, _mon ami___, all that was a little invention of my own." "You wanted him out of the way!" I exclaimed. "Your penetration is amazing, Hastings! Now, if you please, we will go up to the Villa Geneviève." "By the way, Poirot," I said, as we walked along the hot white road, "I've got a bone to pick with you. I dare say you meant well, but really it was no business of yours to go mouching round to the Hôtel du Phare without letting me know." Poirot shot a quick sidelong glance at me. "And how did you know I had been there?" he inquired. Much to my annoyance I felt the colour rising in my cheeks. "I happened to look in in passing," I explained with as much dignity as I could muster. I rather feared Poirot's banter, but to my relief, and somewhat to my surprise, he only shook his head with a rather unusual gravity. "If I have offended your susceptibilities in any way, I demand pardon of you. You will understand better soon. But, believe me, I have striven to concentrate all my energies on the case." "Oh, it's all right," I said, mollified by the apology. "I know it's only that you have my interests at heart. But I can take care of myself all right." Poirot seemed to be about to say something further, but checked himself. Arrived at the Villa, Poirot led the way up to the shed where the second body had been discovered. He did not, however, go in, but paused by the bench which I have mentioned before as being set some few yards away from it. After contemplating it for a moment or two, he paced carefully from it to the hedge which marked the boundary between the Villa Geneviève and the Villa Marguerite. Then he paced back again, nodding his head as he did so. Returning again to the hedge, he parted the bushes with his hands. "With good fortune," he remarked to me over his shoulder, "Mademoiselle Marthe may find herself I desire to speak to her and would prefer not to call formally at the Villa Marguerite. Ah, all is well, there she is. Pst, mademoiselle! Pst! _Un moment, s'il vous plaît.___" I joined him at the moment that Marthe Daubreuil, looking slightly startled, came running up to the hedge at his call. "A little word with you, mademoiselle, if it is permitted?" "Certainly, Monsieur Poirot." Despite her acquiescence, her eyes looked troubled and afraid. "Mademoiselle, do you remember running after me on the road the day that I came to your house with the examining magistrate? You asked me if any one were suspected of the crime." "And you told me two Chilians." Her voice sounded rather breathless, and her left hand stole to her breast. "Will you ask me the same question again, mademoiselle?" "What do you mean?" "This. If you were to ask me that question again, I should give you a different answer. Some one is suspected—but not a Chilian." "Who?" The word came faintly between her parted lips. "M. Jack Renauld." "What?" It was a cry. "Jack? Impossible. Who dares to suspect him?" "Giraud." "Giraud!" The girl's face was ashy. "I am afraid of that man. He is cruel. He will—he will She broke off. There was courage gathering in her face, and determination. I realized in that moment that she was a fighter. Poirot, too, watched her intently. "You know, of course, that he was here on the night of the murder?" he asked. "Yes," she replied mechanically. "He told me." "It was unwise to have tried to conceal the fact," ventured Poirot. "Yes, yes," she replied impatiently. "But we cannot waste time on regrets. We must find something to save him. He is innocent, of course, but that will not help him with a man like Giraud who has his reputation to think of. He must arrest some one, and that some one will be Jack." "The facts will tell against him," said Poirot. "You realize that?" She faced him squarely, and used the words I had heard her say in her mother's drawing-room. "I am not a child, monsieur. I can be brave and look facts in the face. He is innocent, and we must save him." She spoke with a kind of desperate energy, then was silent, frowning as she thought. "Mademoiselle," said Poirot observing her keenly, "is there not something that you are keeping back that you could tell us?" She nodded perplexedly. "Yes, there is something, but I hardly know whether you will believe it—it seems so absurd." "At any rate, tell us, mademoiselle." "It is this. M. Giraud sent for me, as an afterthought, to see if I could identify the man in there." She signed with her head towards the shed. "I could not. At least I could not at the moment. But since I have been thinking "Well?" "It seems so queer, and yet I am almost sure. I will tell you. On the morning of the day M. Renauld was murdered, I was walking in the garden here, when I heard a sound of men's voices quarrelling. I pushed aside the bushes and looked through. One of the men was M. Renauld and the other was a tramp, a dreadful looking creature in filthy rags. He was alternately whining and threatening. I gathered he was asking for money, but at that moment _maman___ called me from the house, and I had to go. That is all, only—I am almost sure that the tramp and the dead man in the shed are one and the same." Poirot uttered an exclamation. "But why did you not say so at the time, mademoiselle?" "Because at first it only struck me that the face was vaguely familiar in some way. The man was differently dressed, and apparently belonged to a superior station in life. But tell me, Monsieur Poirot, is it not possible that this tramp might have attacked and killed M. Renauld, and taken his clothes and money?" "It is an idea, mademoiselle," said Poirot slowly. "It leaves a lot unexplained, but it is certainly an idea. I will think of it." A voice called from the house. "_Maman___," whispered Marthe, "I must go." And she slipped away through the trees. "Come," said Poirot, and taking my arm, turned in the direction of the Villa. "What do you really think?" I asked, in some curiosity. "Was that story true, or did the girl make it up in order to divert suspicion from her lover?" "It is a curious tale," said Poirot, "but I believe it to be the absolute truth. Unwittingly, Mademoiselle Marthe told us the truth on another point—and incidentally gave Jack Renauld the lie. Did you notice his hesitation when I asked him if he saw Marthe Daubreuil on the night of the crime? He paused and then said ‘Yes.' I suspected that he was lying. It was necessary for me to see Mademoiselle Marthe before he could put her on her guard. Three little words gave me the information I wanted. When I asked her if she knew that Jack Renauld was here that night, she answered ‘He _told___ me.' Now, Hastings, what was Jack Renauld doing here on that eventful evening, and if he did not see Mademoiselle Marthe whom did he see?" "Surely, Poirot," I cried, aghast, "you cannot believe that a boy like that would murder his own father." "_Mon ami___," said Poirot, "you continue to be of a sentimentality unbelievable! I have seen mothers who murdered their little children for the sake of the insurance money! After that, one can believe anything." "And the motive?" "Money of course. Remember that Jack Renauld thought that he would come in to half his father's fortune at the latter's death." "But the tramp. Where does he come in?" Poirot shrugged his shoulders. "Giraud would say that he was an accomplice—an apache who helped young Renauld to commit the crime, and who was conveniently put out of the way afterwards." "But the hair round the dagger? The woman's hair?" "Ah," said Poirot, smiling broadly. "That is the cream of Giraud's little jest. According to him, it is not a woman's hair at all. Remember that the youths of today wear their hair brushed straight back from the forehead with pomade or hairwash to make it lie flat. Consequently some of the hairs are of considerable length." "And you believe that too?" "No," said Poirot with a curious smile. "For I know it to be the hair of a woman—and more, which woman!" "Madame Daubreuil," I announced positively. "Perhaps," said Poirot, regarding me quizzically. But I refused to allow myself to get annoyed. "What are we going to do now?" I asked, as we entered the hall of the Villa Geneviève. "I wish to make a search amongst the effects of M. Jack Renauld. That is why I had to get him out of the way for a few hours." "But will not Giraud have searched already?" I asked doubtfully. "Of course. He builds a case, as a beaver builds a dam, with a fatiguing industry. But he will not have looked for the things that I am seeking—in all probability he would not have seen their importance if they stared him in the face. Let us begin." Neatly and methodically, Poirot opened each drawer in turn, examined the contents, and returned them exactly to their places. It was a singularly dull and uninteresting proceeding. Poirot waded on through collars, pajamas and socks. A purring noise outside drew me to the window. Instantly I became galvanized into life. "Poirot!" I cried. "A car has just driven up. Giraud is in it, and Jack Renauld, and two gendarmes." "_Sacré tonnerre!___" growled Poirot. "That animal of a Giraud, could he not wait? I shall not be able to replace the things in this last drawer with the proper method. Let us be quick." Unceremoniously he tumbled out the things on the floor, mostly ties and handkerchiefs. Suddenly with a cry of triumph Poirot pounced on something, a small square cardboard, evidently a photograph. Thrusting it into his pocket, he returned the things pell-mell to the drawer, and seizing me by the arm dragged me out of the room and down the stairs. In the hall stood Giraud, contemplating his prisoner. "Good afternoon, M. Giraud," said Poirot. "What have we here?" Giraud nodded his head towards Jack. "He was trying to make a getaway, but I was too sharp for him. He is under arrest for the murder of his father, M. Paul Renauld." Poirot wheeled to confront the boy who leaned limply against the door, his face ashy pale. "What do you say to that, _jeune homme?___" Jack Renauld stared at him stonily. "Nothing," he said. I was dumbfounded. Up to the last, I had not been able bring myself to believe Jack Renauld guilty. I had expected a ringing proclamation of his innocence when Poirot challenged him. But now, watching him as he stood, white and limp against the wall, and hearing the damning admission fall from his lips, I doubted no longer. But Poirot had turned to Giraud. "What are your grounds for arresting him?" "Do you expect me to give them to you?" "As a matter of courtesy, yes." Giraud looked at him doubtfully. He was torn between a desire to refuse rudely and the pleasure of triumphing over his adversary. "You think I have made a mistake, I suppose?" he sneered. "It would not surprise me," replied Poirot, with a soupçon of malice. Giraud's face took on a deeper tinge of red. "_Eh bien___, come in here. You shall judge for yourself." He flung open the door of the _salon___, and we passed in, leaving Jack Renauld in the care of the two other men. "Now, M. Poirot," said Giraud laying his hat on the table, and speaking with the utmost sarcasm, "I will treat you to a little lecture on detective work. I will show you how we moderns work." "_Bien!___" said Poirot, composing himself to listen. "I will show you how admirably the Old Guard can listen," and he leaned back and closed his eyes, opening them for a moment to remark. "Do not fear that I shall sleep. I will attend most carefully." "Of course," began Giraud, "I soon saw through all that Chilian tomfoolery. Two men were in it—but they were not mysterious foreigners! All that was a blind." "Very creditable so far, my dear Giraud," murmured Poirot. "Especially after that clever trick of theirs with the match and cigarette end." Giraud glared, but continued: "A man must have been connected with the case, in order to dig the grave. There is no man who actually benefits by the crime, but there was a man who thought he would benefit. I heard of Jack Renauld's quarrel with his father, and of the threats that he had used. The motive was established. Now as to means. Jack Renauld was in Merlinville that night. He concealed the fact—which turned suspicion into certainty. Then we found a second victim—_stabbed with the same dagger___. We know when that dagger was stolen. Captain Hastings here can fix the time. Jack Renauld, arriving from Cherbourg, was the only person who could have taken it. I have accounted for all the other members of the household." Poirot interrupted: "You are wrong. There is one other person who could have taken the dagger." "You refer to M. Stonor? He arrived at the front door, in an automobile which had brought him straight from Calais. Ah, believe me, I have looked into everything. M. Jack Renauld arrived by train. An hour elapsed between his arrival, and the moment he presented himself at the house. Without doubt, he saw Captain Hastings and his companion leave the shed, slipped in himself and took the dagger, stabbed his accomplice in the shed "Who was already dead!" Giraud shrugged his shoulders. "Possibly he did not observe that. He may have judged him to be sleeping. Without doubt they had a rendezvous. In any case he knew this apparent second murder would greatly complicate the case. It did." "But it could not deceive M. Giraud," murmured Poirot. "You mock yourself at me. But I will give you one last irrefutable proof. Madame Renauld's story was false—a fabrication from beginning to end. We believe Madame Renauld to have loved her husband—_yet she lied to shield his murderer___. For whom will a woman lie? Sometimes for herself, usually for the man she loves, _always___ for her children. That is the last—the irrefutable proof. You cannot get round it." Giraud paused, flushed and triumphant. Poirot regarded him steadily. "That is my case," said Giraud. "What have you to say to it?" "Only that there is one thing you have failed to take into account." "What is that?" "Jack Renauld was presumably acquainted with the planning out of the golf course. He knew that the body would be discovered almost at once, when they started to dig the bunker." Giraud laughed out loud. "But it is idiotic what you say there! He wanted the body to be found! Until it was found, he could not presume death, and would have been unable to enter into his inheritance." I saw a quick flash of green in Poirot's eyes as he rose to his feet. "Then why bury it?" he asked softly. "Reflect, Giraud. Since it was to Jack Renauld's advantage that the body should be found without delay, _why dig a grave at all?___" Giraud did not reply. The question found him unprepared. He shrugged his shoulders as though to intimate that it was of no importance. Poirot moved towards the door. I followed him. "There is one more thing that you have failed to take into account," he said over his shoulder. "What is that?" "The piece of lead piping," said Poirot, and left the room. Jack Renauld still stood in the hall, with a white dumb face, but as we came out of the _salon___, he looked up sharply. At the same moment there was the sound of a footfall on the staircase. Mrs. Renauld was descending it. At the sight of her son, standing between the two myrmidons of the law, she stopped as though petrified. "Jack," she faltered. "Jack, what is this?" He looked up at her, his face set. "They have arrested me, mother." "What?" She uttered a piercing cry, and before any one could get to her swayed and fell heavily. We both ran to her and lifted her up. In a minute Poirot stood up again. "She has cut her head badly, on the corner of the stairs. I fancy there is a slight concussion also. If Giraud wants a statement from her, he will have to wait. She will probably be unconscious for at least a week." Denise and Françoise had run to their mistress, and leaving her in their charge Poirot left the house. He walked with his head bent down, frowning thoughtfully at the ground. For some time I did not speak, but at last I ventured to put a question to him. "Do you believe then, in spite of all appearances to the contrary, that Jack Renauld may not be guilty?" Poirot did not answer at once, but after a long wait he said gravely: "I do not know, Hastings. There is just a chance of it. Of course Giraud is all wrong—wrong from beginning to end. If Jack Renauld is guilty, it is in spite of Giraud's arguments, not _because___ of them. And the gravest indictment against him is known only to me." "What is that?" I asked, impressed. "If you would use your grey cells, and see the whole case clearly as I do, you too would perceive it, my friend." This was what I called one of Poirot's irritating answers. He went on, without waiting for me to speak. "Let us walk this way to the sea. We will sit on that little mound there, overlooking the beach, and review the case. You shall know all that I know, but I would prefer that you should come at the truth by your own efforts—not by my leading you by the hand." We established ourselves on the grassy knoll as Poirot had suggested, looking out to sea. From farther along the sand, the cries of the bathers reached us faintly. The sea was of the palest blue, and the halcyon calm reminded me of the day we had arrived at Merlinville, my own good spirits, and Poirot's suggestion that I was "fey." What a long time seemed to have elapsed since then. And in reality it was only three days! "Think, my friend," said Poirot's voice encouragingly. "Arrange your ideas. Be methodical. Be orderly. There is the secret of success." I endeavoured to obey him, casting my mind back over all the details of the case. And reluctantly it seemed to me that the only clear and possible solution was that of Giraud—which Poirot despised. I reflected anew. If there was daylight anywhere it was in the direction of Madame Daubreuil. Giraud was ignorant of her connection with the Beroldy Case. Poirot had declared the Beroldy Case to be all important. It was there I must seek. I was on the right track now. And suddenly I started as an idea of bewildering luminosity shot into my brain. Trembling I built up my hypothesis. "You have a little idea, I see, _mon ami!___ Capital. We progress." I sat up, and lit a pipe. "Poirot," I said, "it seems to me we have been strangely remiss. I say we—although I dare say _I___ would be nearer the mark. But you must pay the penalty of your determined secrecy. So I say again we have been strangely remiss. There is some one we have forgotten." "And who is that?" inquired Poirot, with twinkling eyes. "Georges Conneau!" The next moment Poirot embraced me warmly. "_Enfin!___ You have arrived. And all by yourself. It is superb! Continue your reasoning. You are right. Decidedly we have done wrong to forget Georges Conneau." I was so flattered by the little man's approval that I could hardly continue. But at last I collected my thoughts and went on. "Georges Conneau disappeared twenty years ago, but we have no reason to believe that he is dead." "_Aucunement___," agreed Poirot. "Proceed." "Therefore we will assume that he is alive." "Exactly." "Or that he was alive until recently." "_De mieux en mieux!___" "We will presume," I continued, my enthusiasm rising, "that he has fallen on evil days. He has become a criminal, an apache, a tramp—a what you will. He chances to come to Merlinville. There he finds the woman he has never ceased to love." "Eh eh! The sentimentality," warned Poirot. "Where one hates one also loves," I quoted or misquoted. "At any rate he finds her there, living under an assumed name. But she has a new lover, the Englishman, Renauld. Georges Conneau, the memory of old wrongs rising in him, quarrels with this Renauld. He lies in wait for him as he comes to visit his mistress, and stabs him in the back. Then, terrified at what he has done, he starts to dig a grave. I imagine it likely that Madame Daubreuil comes out to look for her lover. She and Conneau have a terrible scene. He drags her into the shed, and there suddenly falls down in an epileptic fit. Now supposing Jack Renauld to appear. Madame Daubreuil tells him all, points out to him the dreadful consequences to her daughter if this scandal of the past is revived. His father's murderer is dead—let them do their best to hush it up. Jack Renauld consents—goes to the house and has an interview with his mother, winning her over to his point of view. Primed with the story that Madame Daubreuil has suggested to him, she permits herself to be gagged and bound. There, Poirot, what do you think of that?" I leaned back, flushed with the pride of successful reconstruction. Poirot looked at me thoughtfully. "I think that you should write for the Kinema, _mon ami___," he remarked at last. "You mean—?" "It would make a good film, the story that you have recounted to me there—but it bears no sort of resemblance to everyday life." "I admit that I haven't gone into all the details, but "You have gone further—you have ignored them magnificently. What about the way the two men were dressed? Do you suggest that after stabbing his victim, Conneau removed his suit of clothes, donned it himself, and replaced the dagger?" "I don't see that that matters," I objected rather huffily. "He may have obtained clothes and money from Madame Daubreuil by threats earlier in the day." "By threats—eh? You seriously advance that supposition?" "Certainly. He could have threatened to reveal her identity "You are wrong, Hastings. He could not blackmail her, for she had the whip hand. Georges Conneau, remember, is still wanted for murder. A word from her and he is in danger of the guillotine." I was forced, rather reluctantly, to admit the truth of this. "_Your___ theory," I remarked acidly, "is doubtless correct as to all the details?" "My theory is the truth," said Poirot quietly. "And the truth is necessarily correct. In your theory you made a fundamental error. You permitted your imagination to lead you astray with midnight assignations and passionate love scenes. But in investigating crime we must take our stand upon the commonplace. Shall I demonstrate my methods to you?" "Oh, by all means let us have a demonstration!" Poirot sat very upright and began, wagging his forefinger emphatically to emphasize his points. "I will start as you started from the basic fact of Georges Conneau. Now the story told by Madame Beroldy in court as to the ‘Russians' was admittedly a fabrication. If she was innocent of connivance in the crime, it was concocted by her, and by her only as she stated. If, on the other hand, she was not innocent, it might have been invented by either her or Georges Conneau. "Now in this case we are investigating, we meet the same tale. As I pointed out to you, the facts render it very unlikely that Madame Daubreuil inspired it. So we turn to the hypothesis that the story had its origin in the brain of Georges Conneau. Very good. Georges Conneau, therefore, planned the crime with Madame Renauld as his accomplice. She is in the limelight, and behind her is a shadowy figure whose alias is unknown to us. "Now let us go carefully over the Renauld Case from the beginning, setting down each significant point in its chronological order. You have a notebook and pencil? Good. Now what is the earliest point to note down?" "The letter to you?" "That was the first we knew of it, but it is not the proper beginning of the case. The first point of any significance, I should say, is the change that came over M. Renauld shortly after arriving in Merlinville, and which is attested to by several witnesses. We have also to consider his friendship with Madame Daubreuil, and the large sums of money paid over to her. From thence we can come directly to the 23rd May." Poirot paused, cleared his throat, and signed to me to write. "_23rd May.___ M. Renauld quarrels with his son over latter's wish to marry Marthe Daubreuil. Son leaves for Paris. "_24th May.___ M. Renauld alters his will, leaving entire control of his fortune in his wife's hands. "_7th June.___ Quarrel with tramp in garden, witnessed by Marthe Daubreuil. "Letter written to M. Hercule Poirot, imploring assistance. "Telegram sent to Jack Renauld, bidding him proceed by the _Anzora___ to Buenos Ayres. "Chauffeur, Masters, sent off on a holiday. "Visit of a lady, that evening. As he is seeing her out, his words are ‘Yes, yes—but for God's sake go now. ...'\u200a" Poirot paused. "There, Hastings, take each of those facts one by one, consider them carefully by themselves and in relation to the whole, and see if you do not get new light on the matter." I endeavoured conscientiously to do as he had said. After a moment or two, I said rather doubtfully: "As to the first points, the question seems to be whether we adopt the theory of blackmail, or of an infatuation for this woman." "Blackmail, decidedly. You heard what Stonor said as to his character and habits." "Mrs. Renauld did not confirm his view," I argued. "We have already seen that Madame Renauld's testimony cannot be relied upon in any way. We must trust to Stonor on that point." "Still, if Renauld had an affair with a woman called Bella, there seems no inherent improbability in his having another with Madame Daubreuil." "None whatever, I grant you, Hastings. But did he?" "The letter, Poirot. You forget the letter." "No, I do not forget. But what makes you think that letter was written to M. Renauld?" "Why it was found in his pocket and—and "And that is all!" cut in Poirot. "There was no mention of any name to show to whom the letter was addressed. We assumed it was to the dead man because it was in the pocket of his overcoat. Now, _mon ami___, something about that overcoat struck me as unusual. I measured it, and made the remark that he wore his overcoat very long. That remark should have given you to think." "I thought you were just saying it for the sake of saying something," I confessed. "Ah, _quelle idée!___ Later you observed me measuring the overcoat of M. Jack Renauld. _Eh bien___, M. Jack Renauld wears his overcoat very short. Put those two facts together with a third, namely that M. Jack Renauld flung out of the house in a hurry on his departure for Paris, and tell me what you make of it!" "I see," I said slowly, as the meaning of Poirot's remarks bore in upon me. "That letter was written to Jack Renauld—not to his father. He caught up the wrong overcoat in his haste and agitation." Poirot nodded. "_Précisement!___ We can return to this point later. For the moment let us content ourselves with accepting the letter as having nothing to do with M. Renauld _père___, and pass to the next chronological event." "May 23rd," I read, "M. Renauld quarrels with his son over latter's wish to marry Marthe Daubreuil. Son leaves for Paris. I don't see anything much to remark upon there, and the altering of the will the following day seems straightforward enough. It was the direct result of the quarrel." "We agree, _mon ami___—at least as to the cause. But what exact motive underlay this procedure of M. Renauld's?" I opened my eyes in surprise. "Anger against his son of course." "Yet he wrote him affectionate letters to Paris?" "So Jack Renauld says, but he cannot produce them." "Well, let us pass from that." "Now we come to the day of the tragedy. You have placed the events of the morning in a certain order. Have you any justification for that?" "I have ascertained that the letter to me was posted at the same time as the telegram was despatched. Masters was informed he could take a holiday shortly afterwards. In my opinion the quarrel with the tramp took place anterior to these happenings." "I do not see that you can fix that definitely—unless you question Mademoiselle Dabreuil again." "There is no need. I am sure of it. And if you do not see that, you see nothing, Hastings!" I looked at him for a moment. "Of course! I am an idiot. If the tramp was Georges Conneau, it was after the stormy interview with him that Mr. Renauld apprehended danger. He sent away the chauffeur, Masters, whom he suspected of being in the other's pay, he wired to his son, and sent for you." A faint smile crossed Poirot's lips. "You do not think it strange that he should use exactly the same expressions in his letter as Madame Renauld used later in her story? If the mention of Santiago was a blind, why should Renauld speak of it, and—what is more—send his son there?" "It is puzzling, I admit, but perhaps we shall find some explanation later. We come now to the evening, and the visit of the mysterious lady. I confess that that fairly baffles me, unless it was Madame Daubreuil, as Françoise all along maintained." Poirot shook his head. "My friend, my friend, where are your wits wandering? Remember the fragment of cheque, and the fact that the name Bella Duveen was faintly familiar to Stonor, and I think we may take it for granted that Bella Duveen is the full name of Jack's unknown correspondent, and that it was she who came to the Villa Geneviève that night. Whether she intended to see Jack, or whether she meant all along to appeal to his father we cannot be certain, but I think we may assume that this is what occurred. She produced her claim upon Jack, probably showed letters that he had written her, and the older man tried to buy her off by writing a cheque. This she indignantly tore up. The terms of her letter are those of a woman genuinely in love, and she would probably deeply resent being offered money. In the end he got rid of her, and here the words that he used are significant." "\u200a‘Yes, yes, but for God's sake go now,'\u200a" I repeated. "They seem to me a little vehement, perhaps, that is all." "That is enough. He was desperately anxious for the girl to go. Why? Not only because the interview was unpleasant. No, it was the time that was slipping by, and for some reason time was precious." "Why should it be?" I asked, bewildered. "That is what we ask ourselves. Why should it be? But later we have the incident of the wrist watch—which again shows us that time plays a very important part in the crime. We are now fast approaching the actual drama. It is half-past ten when Bella Duveen leaves, and by the evidence of the wrist watch we know that the crime was committed, or at any rate that it was staged, before twelve o'clock. We have reviewed all the events anterior to the murder, there remains only one unplaced. By the doctor's evidence, the tramp, when found, had been dead at least forty-eight hours—with a possible margin of twenty-four hours more. Now, with no other facts to help me than those we have discussed, I place the death as having occurred on the morning of June 7th." I stared at him, stupefied. "But how? Why? How can you possibly know?" "Because only in that way can the sequence of events be logically explained. _Mon ami___, I have taken you step by step along the way. Do you not now see what is so glaringly plain?" "My dear Poirot, I can't see anything glaring about it. I did think I was beginning to see my way before, but I'm now hopelessly fogged." Poirot looked at me sadly, and shook his head. "_Mon Dieu!___ But it is _triste!___ A good intelligence—and so deplorably lacking in method. There is an exercise most excellent for the development of the little grey cells. I will impart it to you "For Heaven's sake, not now! You really are the most irritating of fellows, Poirot. For goodness' sake, get on and tell me who killed M. Renauld." "That is just what I am not sure of as yet." "But you said it was glaringly clear?" "We talk at cross-purposes, my friend. Remember, it is two crimes we are investigating—for which, as I pointed out to you, we have the necessary two bodies. There, there, _ne vous impatientez pas!___ I explain all. To begin with, we apply our psychology. We find three points at which M. Renauld displays a distinct change of view and action—three psychological points therefore. The first occurs immediately after arriving in Merlinville, the second after quarrelling with his son on a certain subject, the third on the morning of June 7th. Now for the three causes. We can attribute No. 1 to meeting Madame Daubreuil. No. 2 is indirectly connected with her since it concerns a marriage between M. Renauld's son and her daughter. But the cause of No. 3 is hidden from us. We have to deduce it. Now, _mon ami___, let me ask you a question; who do we believe to have planned this crime?" "Georges Conneau," I said doubtfully, eyeing Poirot warily. "Exactly. Now Giraud laid it down as an axiom that a woman lies to save herself, the man she loves, and her child. Since we are satisfied that was Georges Conneau who dictated the lie to her, and as Georges Conneau is not Jack Renauld, follows that the third case is put out of court. And, still attributing the crime to Georges Conneau, the first is equally so. So we are forced to the second—that Madame Renauld lied for the sake of the man she loved—or in other words, for the sake of Georges Conneau. You agree to that." "Yes," I admitted. "It seems logical enough." "_Bien!___ Madame Renauld loves Georges Conneau. Who, then, is Georges Conneau?" "The tramp." "Have we any evidence to show that Madame Renauld loved the tramp?" "No, but "Very well then. Do not cling to theories where facts no longer support them. Ask yourself instead who Madame Renauld _did___ love." I shook my head perplexed. "_Mais, oui___, you know perfectly. Who did Madame Renauld love so dearly that when she saw his dead body, she fell down in a swoon?" I stared dumbfounded. "Her husband?" I gasped. Poirot nodded. "Her husband—or Georges Conneau, whichever you like to call him." I rallied myself. "But it's impossible." "How ‘impossible?' Did we not agree just now that Madame Daubreuil was in a position to blackmail Georges Conneau?" "Yes, but "And did she not very effectively blackmail M. Renauld?" "That may be true enough, but "And is it not a fact that we know nothing of M. Renauld's youth and upbringing? That he springs suddenly into existence as a French Canadian exactly twenty-two years ago?" "All that is so," I said more firmly, "but you seem to me to be overlooking one salient point." "What is it, my friend?" "Why, we have admitted Georges Conneau planned the crime. That brings us to the ridiculous statement that he planned his own murder!" "_Eh bien, mon ami___," said Poirot placidly, "that is just what he did do!" In a measured voice, Poirot began his exposition. "It seems strange to you, _mon ami___, that a man should plan his own death? So strange, that you prefer to reject the truth as fantastic, and to revert to a story that is in reality ten times more impossible. Yes, M. Renauld planned his own death, but there is one detail that perhaps escapes you—he did not intend to die." I shook my head, bewildered. "But no, it is all most simple really," said Poirot kindly. "For the crime that M. Renauld proposed a murderer was not necessary, as I told you, but a body was. Let us reconstruct, seeing events this time from a different angle. "Georges Conneau flies from justice—to Canada. There, under an assumed name he marries, and finally acquires a vast fortune in South America. But there is a nostalgia upon him for his own country. Twenty years have elapsed, he is considerably changed in appearance, besides being a man of such eminence that no one is likely to connect him with a fugitive from justice many years ago. He deems it quite safe to return. He takes up his headquarters in England, but intends to spend the summers in France. And ill fortune, that obscure justice which shapes men's ends, and will not allow them to evade the consequences of their acts, takes him to Merlinville. There, in the whole of France, is the one person who is capable of recognizing him. It is, of course, a gold mine to Madame Daubreuil, and a gold mine of which she is not slow to take advantage. He is helpless, absolutely in her power. And she bleeds him heavily. "And then the inevitable happens. Jack Renauld falls in love with the beautiful girl he sees almost daily, and wishes to marry her. That rouses his father. At all costs, he will prevent his son marrying the daughter of this evil woman. Jack Renauld knows nothing of his father's past, but Madame Renauld knows everything. She is a woman of great force of character, and passionately devoted to her husband. They take counsel together. Renauld sees only one way of escape—death. He must appear to die, in reality escaping to another country where he will start again under an assumed name, and where Madame Renauld, having played the widow's part for a while, can join him. It is essential that she should have control of the money, so he alters his will. How they meant to manage the body business originally, I do not know—possibly an art student's skeleton—and a fire or something of the kind, but long before their plans have matured an event occurs which plays into their hands. A rough tramp, violent and abusive, finds his way into the garden. There is a struggle, M. Renauld seeks to eject him, and suddenly the tramp, an epileptic, falls down in a fit. He is dead. M. Renauld calls his wife. Together they drag him into the shed—as we know, the event had occurred just outside—and they realize the marvellous opportunity that has been vouchsafed them. The man bears no resemblance to M. Renauld, but he is middle-aged, of a usual French type. That is sufficient. "I rather fancy that they sat on the bench up there, out of earshot from the house, discussing matters. Their plan was quickly made. The identification must rest solely on Madame Renauld's evidence. Jack Renauld and the chauffeur (who had been with his master two years) must be got out of the way. It was unlikely that the French women servants would go near the body, and in any case Renauld intended to take measures to deceive any one not likely to appreciate details. Masters was sent off, a telegram despatched to Jack, Buenos Ayres being selected to give credence to the story that Renauld had decided upon. Having heard of me, as a rather obscure elderly detective, he wrote his appeal for help knowing that, when I arrived, the production of the letter would have a profound effect upon the examining magistrate—which, of course, it did. "They dressed the body of the tramp in a suit of M. Renauld's and left his ragged coat and trousers by the door of the shed, not daring to take them into the house. And then, to give credence to the tale Madame Renauld was to tell, they drove the aeroplane dagger through his heart. That night, M. Renauld will first bind and gag his wife, and then, taking a spade, will dig a grave in that particular spot of ground where he knows a—how do you call it? bunkair?—is to be made. It is essential that the body should be found—Madame Daubreuil must have no suspicions. On the other hand, if a little time elapses, any dangers as to identity will be greatly lessened. Then, M. Renauld will don the tramp's rags, and shuffle off to the station, where he will leave, unnoticed, by the 12:10 train. Since the crime will be supposed to have taken place two hours later, no suspicion can possibly attach to him. "You see now his annoyance at the inopportune visit of the girl Bella. Every moment of delay is fatal to his plans. He gets rid of her as soon as he can, however. Then, to work! He leaves the front door slightly ajar to create the impression that the assassins left that way. He binds and gags Madame Renauld, correcting his mistake of twenty-two years ago, when the looseness of the bonds caused suspicion to fall upon his accomplice, but leaving her primed with essentially the same story as he had invented before, proving the unconscious recoil of the mind against originality. The night is chilly, and he slips on an overcoat over his underclothing, intending to cast it into the grave with the dead man. He goes out by the window, smoothing over the flower bed carefully, and thereby furnishing the most positive evidence against himself. He goes out on to the lonely golf links, and he digs—and then "Yes?" "And then," said Poirot gravely, "the justice that he has so long eluded overtakes him. An unknown hand stabs him in the back. ... Now, Hastings, you understand what I mean when I talk of _two___ crimes. The first crime, the crime that M. Renauld, in his arrogance, asked us to investigate (ah, but he made a famous mistake there! He misjudged Hercule Poirot!) is solved. But behind it lies a deeper riddle. And to solve that will be difficult—since the criminal in his wisdom, has been content to avail himself of the devices prepared by M. Renauld. It has been a particularly perplexing and baffling mystery to solve. A young hand, like Giraud, who does not place any reliance on the psychology, is almost certain to fail." "You're marvellous, Poirot," I said, with admiration. "Absolutely marvellous. No one on earth but you could have done it!" I think my praise pleased him. For once in his life, he looked almost embarrassed. "Ah, then you no longer despise poor old Papa You shift your allegiance back from the human foxhound?" His term for Giraud never failed to make me smile. "Rather. You've scored over him handsomely." "That poor Giraud," said Poirot, trying unsuccessfully to look modest. "Without doubt it is not all stupidity. He has had _la mauvaise chance___ once or twice. That dark hair coiled round the dagger, for instance. To say the least, it was misleading." "To tell you the truth, Poirot," I said slowly, "even now I don't quite see—whose hair was it?" "Madame Renauld's of course. That is where _la mauvaise chance___ came in. Her hair, dark originally, is almost completely silvered. It might just as easily have been a grey hair—and then, by no conceivable effort could Giraud have persuaded himself it came from the head of Jack Renauld! But it is all of a piece. Always the facts must be twisted to fit the theory! Did not Giraud find the traces of two persons, a man and a woman, in the shed? And how does that fit in with his reconstruction of the case? I will tell you—it does not fit in, and so we shall hear no more of them! I ask you, is that a methodical way of working? The great Giraud! The great Giraud is nothing but a toy balloon—swollen with its own importance. But I, Hercule Poirot, whom he despises, will be the little pin that pricks the big balloon—_comme ça!___" And he made an expressive gesture. Then, calming down, he resumed: "Without doubt, when Madame Renauld recovers, she will speak. The possibility of her son being accused of the murder never occurred to her. How should it, when she believed him safely at sea on board the _Anzora?___ _Ah! voilà une femme___, Hastings! What force, what self-command! She only made one slip. On his unexpected return: ‘It does not matter—_now___.' And no one noticed—no one realized the significance of those words. What a terrible part she has had to play, poor woman. Imagine the shock when she goes to identify the body and, instead of what she expects, sees the actual lifeless form of the husband she has believed miles away by now. No wonder she fainted! But since then, despite her grief and her despair, how resolutely she has played her part, and how the anguish of it must wring her. She cannot say a word to set us on the track of the real murderers. For her son's sake, no one must know that Paul Renauld was Georges Conneau, the criminal. Final and most bitter blow, she has admitted publicly that Madame Daubreuil was her husband's mistress—for a hint of blackmail might be fatal to her secret. How cleverly she dealt with the examining magistrate when he asked her if there was any mystery in her husband's past life. ‘Nothing so romantic, I am sure, M. le juge.' It was perfect, the indulgent tone, the _soupçon___ of sad mockery. At once M. Hautet felt himself foolish and melodramatic. Yes, she is a great woman! If she loved a criminal, she loved him royally!" Poirot lost himself in contemplation. "One thing more, Poirot, what about the piece of lead piping?" "You do not see? To disfigure the victim's face so that it would be unrecognizable. It was that which first set me on the right track. And that imbecile of a Giraud, swarming all over it to look for match ends! Did I not tell you that a clue of two feet long was quite as good as a clue of two inches?" "Well, Giraud will sing small now," I observed hastily, to lead the conversation away from my own shortcomings. "As I said before, will he? If he has arrived at the right person by the wrong method, he will not permit that to worry him." "But surely I paused as I saw the new trend of things. "You see, Hastings, we must now start again. Who killed M. Renauld? Some one who was near the Villa just before twelve o'clock that night, some one who would benefit by his death—the description fits Jack Renauld only too well. The crime need not have been premeditated. And then the dagger!" I started, I had not realized that point. "Of course," I said. "The second dagger we found in the tramp was Mrs. Renauld's. There _were___ two, then." "Certainly, and, since they were duplicates, it stands to reason that Jack Renauld was the owner. But that would not trouble me so much. In fact I have a little idea as to that. No, the worst indictment against him is again psychological—heredity, _mon ami___, heredity! Like father, like son—Jack Renauld, when all is said or done, is the son of Georges Conneau." His tone was grave and earnest, and I was impressed in spite of myself. "What is your little idea that you mentioned just now?" I asked. For answer, Poirot consulted his turnip-faced watch, and then asked: "What time is the afternoon boat from Calais?" "About five, I believe." "That will do very well. We shall just have time." "You are going to England?" "Yes, my friend." "Why?" "To find a possible—witness." "Who?" With a rather peculiar smile upon his face, Poirot replied: "Miss Bella Duveen." "But how will you find her—what do you know about her?" "I know nothing about her—but I can guess a good deal. We may take it for granted that her name _is___ Bella Duveen, and since that name was faintly familiar to M. Stonor, though evidently not in connection with the Renauld family, it is probable that she is on the stage. Jack Renauld was a young man with plenty of money, and twenty years of age. The stage is sure to have been the home of his first love. It tallies, too, with M. Renauld's attempt to placate her with a cheque. I think I shall find her all right—especially with the help of _this___." And he brought out the photograph I had seen him take from Jack Renauld's drawer. "With love from Bella," was scrawled across the corner, but it was not that which held my eyes fascinated. The likeness was not first rate—but for all that it was unmistakable to me. I felt a cold sinking, as though some unutterable calamity had befallen me. It was the face of Cinderella. For a moment or two I sat as though frozen, the photograph still in my hand. Then, summoning all my courage to appear unmoved, I handed it back. At the same time, I stole a quick glance at Poirot. Had he noticed anything? But to my relief he did not seem to be observing me. Anything unusual in my manner had certainly escaped him. He rose briskly to his feet. "We have no time to lose. We must make our departure with all despatch. All is well—the sea it will be calm!" In the bustle of departure, I had no time for thinking, but once on board the boat, secure from Poirot's observation (he, as usual, was "practising the method most excellent of Laverguier") I pulled myself together, and attacked the facts dispassionately. How much did Poirot know? Was he aware that my acquaintance of the train and Bella Duveen were one and the same? Why had he gone to the Hôtel du Phare? On my behalf as I had believed? Or had I only fatuously thought so, and was this visit undertaken with a deeper and more sinister purpose? But in any case, why was he bent on finding this girl? Did he suspect her of having seen Jack Renauld commit the crime? Or did he suspect—but that was impossible! The girl had no grudge against the elder Renauld, no possible motive for wishing his death. What had brought her back to the scene of the murder? I went over the facts carefully. She must have left the train at Calais where I parted from her that day. No wonder I had been unable to find her on the boat. If she had dined in Calais, and then taken a train out to Merlinville, she would have arrived at the Villa Geneviève just about the time that Françoise said. What had she done when she left the house just after ten? Presumably either gone to an hotel, or returned to Calais. And then? The crime had been committed on Tuesday night. On Thursday morning, she was once more in Merlinville. Had she ever left France at all? I doubted it very much. What kept her there—the hope of seeing Jack Renauld? I had told her (as at the time we believed) that he was on the high seas _en route___ to Buenos Ayres. Possibly she was aware that the _Anzora___ had not sailed. But to know that she must have seen Jack. Was that what Poirot was after? Had Jack Renauld, returning to see Marthe Daubreuil, come face to face instead with Bella Duveen, the girl he had heartlessly thrown over? I began to see daylight. If that were indeed the case, it might furnish Jack with the alibi he needed. Yet under those circumstances his silence seemed difficult to explain. Why could he not have spoken out boldly? Did he fear for this former entanglement of his to come to the ears of Marthe Daubreuil? I shook my head, dissatisfied. The thing had been harmless enough, a foolish boy and girl affair, and I reflected cynically that the son of a millionaire was not likely to be thrown over by a penniless French girl, who moreover loved him devotedly, without a much graver cause. Altogether I found the affair puzzling and unsatisfactory. I disliked intensely being associated with Poirot in hunting this girl down, but I could not see any way of avoiding it, without revealing everything to him, and this, for some reason, I was loath to do. Poirot reappeared brisk and smiling at Dover, and our journey to London was uneventful. It was past nine o'clock when we arrived, and I supposed that we should return straight away to our rooms and do nothing till the morning. But Poirot had other plans. "We must lose no time, _mon ami___. The news of the arrest will not be in the English papers until the day after tomorrow, but still we must lose no time." I did not quite follow his reasoning, but I merely asked how he proposed to find the girl. "You remember Joseph Aarons, the theatrical agent? No? I assisted him in a little matter of a Japanese wrestler. A pretty little problem, I must recount it to you one day. He, without doubt, will be able to put us in the way of finding out what we want to know." It took us some time to run Mr. Aarons to earth, and it was after midnight when we finally managed it. He greeted Poirot with every evidence of warmth, and professed himself ready to be of service to us in any way. "There's not much about the profession I don't know," he said, beaming genially. "_Eh bien___, M. Aarons, I desire to find a young girl called Bella Duveen." "Bella Duveen. I know the name, but for the moment I can't place it. What's her line?" "That I do not know—but here is her photograph." Mr. Aarons studied it for a moment, then his face lighted. "Got it!" He slapped his thigh. "The Dulcibella Kids, by the Lord!" "The Dulcibella Kids?" "That's it. They're sisters. Acrobats, dancers and singers. Give quite a good little turn. They're in the provinces somewhere, I believe—if they're not resting. They've been on in Paris for the last two or three weeks." "Can you find out for me exactly where they are?" "Easy as a bird. You go home, and I'll send you round the dope in the morning." With this promise we took leave of him. He was as good as his word. About eleven o'clock the following day, a scribbled note reached us. "The Dulcibella Sisters are on at the Palace in Coventry. Good luck to you." Without more ado, we started for Coventry. Poirot made no inquiries at the theatre, but contented himself with booking stalls for the variety performance that evening. The show was wearisome beyond words—or perhaps it was only my mood that made it seem so. Japanese families balanced themselves precariously, would-be fashionable men, in greenish evening dress and exquisitely slicked hair, reeled off society patter and danced marvellously, stout prima donnas sang at the top of the human register, a comic comedian endeavoured to be Mr. George Robey and failed signally. At last the number went up which announced the Dulcibella Kids. My heart beat sickeningly. There she was—there they both were, the pair of them, one flaxen haired, one dark, matching as to size, with short fluffy skirts and immense buster brown bows. They looked a pair of extremely piquant children. They began to sing. Their voices were fresh and true, rather thin and music-hally, but attractive. It was quite a pretty little turn. They danced neatly, and did some clever little acrobatic feats. The words of their songs were crisp and catchy. When the curtain fell, there was a full meed of applause. Evidently the Dulcibella Kids were a success. Suddenly I felt that I could remain no longer. I must get out into the air. I suggested leaving to Poirot. "Go by all means, _mon ami___. I amuse myself, and will stay to the end. I will rejoin you later." It was only a few steps from the theatre to the hotel. I went up to the sitting-room, ordered a whisky and soda, and sat drinking it, staring meditatively into the empty grate. I heard the door open, and turned my head, thinking it was Poirot. Then I jumped to my feet. It was Cinderella who stood in the doorway. She spoke haltingly, her breath coming in little gasps. "I saw you in front. You and your friend. When you got up to go, I was waiting outside and followed you. Why are you here—in Coventry? What were you doing there to-night? Is the man who was with you the—the detective?" She stood there, the cloak she had wrapped round her stage dress slipping from her shoulders. I saw the whiteness of her cheeks under the rouge, and heard the terror in her voice. And in that moment I understood everything—understood why Poirot was seeking her, and what she feared, and understood at last my own heart. ... "Yes," I said gently. "Is he looking for—me?" she half whispered. Then, as I did not answer for a moment, she slipped down by the big chair, and burst into violent, bitter weeping. I knelt down by her, holding her in my arms, and smoothing the hair back from her face. "Don't cry, child, don't cry, for God's sake. You're safe here. I'll take care of you. Don't cry, darling. Don't cry. I know—I know everything." "Oh, but you don't!" "I think I do." And after a moment, as her sobs grew quieter, I asked: "It was you who took the dagger, wasn't it?" "Yes." "That was why you wanted me to show you round? And why you pretended to faint?" Again she nodded. It was a strange thought to come to me at the moment, but it shot into my mind that I was glad her motive was what it had been—rather than the idle and morbid curiosity I had accused her of at the time. How gallantly she had played her part that day, inwardly racked with fear and trepidation as she must have been. Poor little soul, bearing the burden of a moment's impetuous action. "Why did you take the dagger?" I asked presently. She replied as simply as a child: "I was afraid there might be finger-marks on it." "But didn't you remember that you had worn gloves?" She shook her head as though bewildered, and then said slowly: "Are you going to give me up to—to the Police?" "Good God! no." Her eyes sought mine long and earnestly, and then she asked in a little quiet voice that sounded afraid of itself: "Why not?" It seemed a strange place and a strange time for a declaration of love—and God knows, in all my imagining, I had never pictured love coming to me in such a guise. But I answered simply and naturally enough: "Because I love you, Cinderella." She bent her head down, as though ashamed, and muttered in a broken voice: "You can't—you can't—not if you knew And then, as though rallying herself, she faced me squarely, and asked: "What do you know, then?" "I know that you came to see Mr. Renauld that night. He offered you a cheque and you tore it up indignantly. Then you left the house I paused. "Go on—what next?" "I don't know whether you knew that Jack Renauld would be coming that night, or whether you just waited about on the chance of seeing him, but you did wait about. Perhaps you were just miserable, and walked aimlessly—but at any rate just before twelve you were still near there, and you saw a man on the golf links Again I paused. I had leapt to the truth in a flash as she entered the room, but now the picture rose before me even more convincingly. I saw vividly the peculiar pattern of the overcoat on the dead body of Mr. Renauld, and I remembered the amazing likeness that had startled me into believing for one instant that the dead man had risen from the dead when his son burst into our conclave in the _salon___. "Go on," repeated the girl steadily. "I fancy his back was to you—but you recognized him, or thought you recognized him. The gait and the carriage were familiar to you, and the pattern of his overcoat." I paused. "You told me in the train on the way from Paris that you had Italian blood in your veins, and that you had nearly got into trouble once with it. You used a threat in one of your letters to Jack Renauld. When you saw him there, your anger and jealousy drove you mad—and you struck! I don't believe for a minute that you meant to kill him. But you did kill him, Cinderella." She had flung up her hands to cover her face, and in a choked voice she said: "You're right\u200a... you're right\u200a... I can see it all as you tell it." Then she turned on me almost savagely. "And you love me? Knowing what you do, how can you love me?" "I don't know," I said a little wearily. "I think love is like that—a thing one cannot help. I have tried, I know—ever since the first day I met you. And love has been too strong for me." And then suddenly, when I least expected it, she broke down again, casting herself down on the floor and sobbing wildly. "Oh, I can't!" she cried. "I don't know what to do. I don't know which way to turn. Oh, pity me, pity me, some one, and tell me what to do!" Again I knelt by her, soothing her as best I could. "Don't be afraid of me, Bella. For God's sake don't be afraid of me. I love you, that's true—but I don't want anything in return. Only let me help you. Love him still if you have to, but let me help you as he can't." It was as though she had been turned to stone by my words. She raised her head from her hands and stared at me. "You think that?" she whispered. "You think that I love Jack Renauld?" Then, half laughing, half crying, she flung her arms passionately round my neck, and pressed her sweet wet face to mine. "Not as I love you," she whispered. "Never as I love you!" Her lips brushed my cheek, and then, seeking my mouth, kissed me again and again with a sweetness and fire beyond belief. The wildness of it—and the wonder, I shall not forget—no, not as long as I live! It was a sound in the doorway that made us look up. Poirot was standing there looking at us. I did not hesitate. With a bound I reached him and pinioned his arms to his sides. "Quick," I said to the girl. "Get out of here. As fast as you can. I'll hold him." With one look at me, she fled out of the room past us. I held Poirot in a grip of iron. "_Mon ami___," observed the latter mildly, "you do this sort of thing very well. The strong man holds me in his grasp and I am helpless as a child. But all this is uncomfortable and slightly ridiculous. Let us sit down and be calm." "You won't pursue her?" "_Mon Dieu!___ Am I Giraud? Release me, my friend." Keeping a suspicious eye upon him, for I paid Poirot the compliment of knowing that I was no match for him in astuteness, I relaxed my grip, and he sank into an arm-chair, feeling his arms tenderly. "It is that you have the strength of a bull when you are roused, Hastings! _Eh bien___, and do you think you have behaved well to your old friend? I show you the girl's photograph and you recognize it, but you never say a word." "There was no need if you knew that I recognized it," I said rather bitterly. So Poirot had known all along! I had not deceived him for an instant. "Ta-ta! You did not know that I knew that. And tonight you help the girl to escape when we have found her with so much trouble! _Eh bien!___ it comes to this—are you going to work with me or against me, Hastings?" For a moment or two I did not answer. To break with my old friend gave me great pain. Yet I must definitely range myself against him. Would he ever forgive me, I wondered? He had been strangely calm so far, but I knew him to possess marvellous self-command. "Poirot," I said, "I'm sorry. I admit I've behaved badly to you over this. But sometimes one has no choice. And in future I must take my own line." Poirot nodded his head several times. "I understand," he said. The mocking light had quite died out of his eyes, and he spoke with a sincerity and kindness that surprised me. "It is that, my friend, is it not? It is love that has come—not as you imagined it, all cock a hoop with fine feathers, but sadly, with bleeding feet. Well, well—I warned you. When I realized that this girl must have taken the dagger, I warned you. Perhaps you remember. But already it was too late. But, tell me, how much do you know?" I met his eyes squarely. "Nothing that you could tell me would be any surprise to me, Poirot. Understand that. But in case you think of resuming your search for Miss Duveen, I should like you to know one thing clearly. If you have any idea that she was concerned in the crime, or was the mysterious lady who called upon Mr. Renauld that night, you are wrong. I travelled home from France with her that day, and parted from her at Victoria that evening so that it is clearly impossible for her to have been in Merlinville." "Ah!" Poirot looked at me thoughtfully. "And you would swear to that in a court of law?" "Most certainly I would." Poirot rose and bowed. "_Mon ami! Vive l'amour!___ It can perform miracles. It is decidedly ingenious what you have thought of there. It defeats even Hercule Poirot!" After a moment of stress, such as I have just described, reaction is bound to set in. I retired to rest that night on a note of triumph, but I awoke to realize that I was by no means out of the wood. True, I could see no flaw in the alibi I had so suddenly conceived. I had but to stick to my story, and I failed to see how Bella could be convicted in face of it. It was not as though there was any old friendship between us that could be raked up, and which might lead them to suspect that I was committing perjury. It could be proved that in actual fact I had only seen the girl on three occasions. No, I was still satisfied with my idea—had not even Poirot admitted that it defeated him? But there I felt the need of treading warily. All very well for my little friend to admit himself momentarily nonplussed. I had far too much respect for his abilities to conceive of him as being content to remain in that position. I had a very humble opinion of my wits when it came to matching them against his. Poirot would not take defeat lying down. Somehow or other, he would endeavour to turn the tables on me, and that in the way, and at the moment, when I least expected it. We met at breakfast the following morning as though nothing had happened. Poirot's good temper was imperturbable, yet I thought I detected a film of reserve in his manner which was new. After breakfast, I announced my intention of going out for a stroll. A malicious gleam shot through Poirot's eyes. "If it is information you seek, you need not be at the pains of deranging yourself. I can tell you all you wish to know. The Dulcibella Sisters have cancelled their contract, and have left Coventry for an unknown destination." "Is that really so, Poirot?" "You can take it from me, Hastings. I made inquiries the first thing this morning. After all, what else did you expect?" True enough, nothing else could be expected under the circumstances. Cinderella had profited by the slight start I had been able to assure her, and would certainly not lose a moment in removing herself from the reach of the pursuer. It was what I had intended and planned. Nevertheless, I was aware of being plunged into a network of fresh difficulties. I had absolutely no means of communicating with the girl, and it was vital that she should know the line of defence that had occurred to me, and which I was prepared to carry out. Of course it was possible that she might try to send word to me in some way or another, but I hardly thought it likely. She would know the risk she ran of a message being intercepted by Poirot, thus setting him on her track once more. Clearly her only course was to disappear utterly for the time being. But, in the meantime, what was Poirot doing? I studied him attentively. He was wearing his most innocent air, and staring meditatively into the far distance. He looked altogether too placid and supine to give me reassurance. I had learned, with Poirot, that the less dangerous he looked, the more dangerous he was. His quiescence alarmed me. Observing a troubled quality in my glance, he smiled benignantly. "You are puzzled, Hastings? You ask yourself why I do not launch myself in pursuit?" "Well—something of the kind." "It is what you would do, were you in my place. I understand that. But I am not of those who enjoy rushing up and down a country seeking a needle in a haystack, as you English say. No—let Mademoiselle Bella Duveen go. Without doubt, I shall be able to find her when the time comes. Until then, I am content to wait." I stared at him doubtfully. Was he seeking to mislead me? I had an irritating feeling that, even now, he was master of the situation. My sense of superiority was gradually waning. I had contrived the girl's escape, and evolved a brilliant scheme for saving her from the consequences of her rash act—but I could not rest easy in my mind. Poirot's perfect calm awakened a thousand apprehensions. "I suppose, Poirot," I said rather diffidently, "I mustn't ask what your plans are? I've forfeited the right." "But not at all. There is no secret about them. We return to France without delay." "_We?___" "Precisely—‘_we!___' You know very well that you cannot afford to let Papa Poirot out of your sight. Eh, is it not so, my friend? But remain in England by all means if you wish I shook my head. He had hit the nail on the head. I could not afford to let him out of my sight. Although I could not expect his confidence after what had happened, I could still check his actions. The only danger to Bella lay with him. Giraud and the French police were indifferent to her existence. At all costs I must keep near Poirot. Poirot observed me attentively as these reflections passed through my mind, and gave a nod of satisfaction. "I am right, am I not? And as you are quite capable of trying to follow me, disguised with some absurdity such as a false beard—which every one would perceive, _bien entendu___—I much prefer that we should voyage together. It would annoy me greatly that any one should mock themselves at you." "Very well, then. But it's only fair to warn you "I know—I know all. You are my enemy! Be my enemy then. It does not worry me at all." "So long as it's all fair and above-board, I don't mind." "You have to the full the English passion for ‘fair-play!' Now your scruples are satisfied, let us depart immediately. There is no time to be lost. Our stay in England has been short but sufficient. I know—what I wanted to know." The tone was light, but I read a veiled menace into the words. "Still I began, and stopped. "Still—as you say! Without doubt you are satisfied with the part you are playing. Me, I preoccupy myself with Jack Renauld." Jack Renauld! The words gave me a start. I had completely forgotten that aspect of the case. Jack Renauld, in prison, with the shadow of the guillotine looming over him! I saw the part I was playing in a more sinister light. I could save Bella—yes, but in doing so I ran the risk of sending an innocent man to his death. I pushed the thought from me with horror. It could not be. He would be acquitted. Certainly he would be acquitted! But the cold fear came back. Suppose he were not? What then? Could I have it on my conscience—horrible thought! Would it come to that in the end? A decision. Bella or Jack Renauld? The promptings of my heart were to save the girl I loved at any cost to myself. But, if the cost were to another, the problem was altered. What would the girl herself say? I remembered that no word of Jack Renauld's arrest had passed my lips. As yet she was in total ignorance of the fact that her former lover was in prison charged with a hideous crime which he had not committed. When she knew, how would she act? Would she permit her life to be saved at the expense of his? Certainly she must do nothing rash. Jack Renauld might, and probably would, be acquitted without any intervention on her part. If so, good. But if he was not. ... That was the terrible, the unanswerable problem. I fancied that she ran no risk of the extreme penalty. The circumstances of the crime were quite different in her case. She could plead jealousy and extreme provocation, and her youth and beauty would go for much. The fact that by a tragic mistake it was old Mr. Renauld, and not his son, who paid the penalty would not alter the motive of the crime. But in any case, however lenient the sentence of the Court, it must mean a long term of imprisonment. No, Bella must be protected. And, at the same time, Jack Renauld must be saved. How this was to be accomplished I did not see clearly. But I pinned my faith to Poirot. He knew. Come what might, he would manage to save an innocent man. He must find some pretext other than the real one. It might be difficult, but he would manage it somehow. And with Bella unsuspected, and Jack Renauld acquitted, all would end satisfactorily. So I told myself repeatedly, but at the bottom of my heart there still remained a cold fear. We crossed from England by the evening boat, and the following morning saw us in Saint-Omer, whither Jack Renauld had been taken. Poirot lost no time in visiting M. Hautet. As he did not seem disposed to make any objections to my accompanying him, I bore him company. After various formalities and preliminaries, we were conducted to the examining magistrate's room. He greeted us cordially. "I was told that you had returned to England, M. Poirot. I am glad to find that such is not the case." "It is true that I went there, M. le juge, but it was only for a flying visit. A side issue, but one that I fancied might repay investigation." "And it did—eh?" Poirot shrugged his shoulders. M. Hautet nodded, sighing. "We must resign ourselves, I fear. That animal Giraud, his manners are abominable, but he is undoubtedly clever! Not much chance of that one making a mistake." "You think not, M. le juge?" It was the examining magistrate's turn to shrug his shoulders. "_Eh bien___, speaking frankly—in confidence, _c'est entendu___—can you come to any other conclusion?" "Frankly, M. le juge, there seem to me to be many points that are obscure." "Such as—?" But Poirot was not to be drawn. "I have not yet tabulated them," he remarked. "It was a general reflection that I was making. I liked the young man, and should be sorry to believe him guilty of such a hideous crime. By the way, what has he to say for himself on the matter?" The magistrate frowned. "I cannot understand him. He seems incapable of putting up any sort of defence. It has been most difficult to get him to answer questions. He contents himself with a general denial, and beyond that takes refuge in a most obstinate silence. I am interrogating him again tomorrow; perhaps you would like to be present?" We accepted the invitation with _empressement___. "A distressing case," said the magistrate with a sigh. "My sympathy for Madame Renauld is profound." "How is Madame Renauld?" "She has not yet recovered consciousness. It is merciful in a way, poor woman, she is being spared much. The doctors say that there is no danger, but that when she comes to herself she must be kept as quiet as possible. It was, I understand, quite as much the shock as the fall which caused her present state. It would be terrible if her brain became unhinged; but I should not wonder at all—no, really, not at all." M. Hautet leaned back, shaking his head, with a sort of mournful enjoyment, as he envisaged the gloomy prospect. He roused himself at length, and observed with a start. "That reminds me. I have here a letter for you, M. Poirot. Let me see, where did I put it?" He proceeded to rummage amongst his papers. At last he found the missive, and handed it to Poirot. "It was sent under cover to me in order that I might forward it to you," he explained. "But as you left no address I could not do so." Poirot studied the letter curiously. It was addressed in a long, sloping, foreign hand, and the writing was decidedly a woman's. Poirot did not open it. Instead he put it in his pocket and rose to his feet. "_A demain___ then, M. le juge. Many thanks for your courtesy and amiability." "But not at all. I am always at your service. These young detectives of the school of Giraud, they are all alike—rude, sneering fellows. They do not realize that an examining magistrate of my—er—experience is bound to have a certain discernment, a certain—_flair___. _Enfin!___ the politeness of the old school is infinitely more to my taste. Therefore, my dear friend, command me in any way you will. We know a thing or two, you and I—eh?" And laughing heartily, enchanted with himself and with us, M. Hautet bade us adieu. I am sorry to have to record that Poirot's first remark to me as we traversed the corridor was: "A famous old imbecile, that one! Of a stupidity to make pity!" We were just leaving the building when we came face to face with Giraud, looking more dandified than ever, and thoroughly pleased with himself. "Aha! M. Poirot," he cried airily. "You have returned from England then?" "As you see," said Poirot. "The end of the case is not far off now, I fancy." "I agree with you, M. Giraud." Poirot spoke in a subdued tone. His crest-fallen manner seemed to delight the other. "Of all the milk and water criminals! Not an idea of defending himself. It is extraordinary!" "So extraordinary that it gives one to think, does it not?" suggested Poirot mildly. But Giraud was not even listening. He twirled his cane amicably. "Well, good day, M. Poirot. I am glad you're satisfied of young Renauld's guilt at last." "_Pardon!___ But I am not in the least satisfied. Jack Renauld is innocent." Giraud stared for a moment—then burst out laughing, tapping his head significantly with the brief remark: "_Toqué!___" Poirot drew himself up. A dangerous light showed in his eyes. "M. Giraud, throughout the case your manner to me has been deliberately insulting! You need teaching a lesson. I am prepared to wager you 500 francs that I find the murderer of M. Renauld before you do. Is it agreed?" Giraud stared helplessly at him, and murmured again: "_Toqué!___" "Come now," urged Poirot, "is it agreed?" "I have no wish to take your money from you." "Make your mind easy—you will not!" "Oh, well then, I agree! You speak of my manner to you being insulting. _Eh bien___, once or twice, _your___ manner has annoyed _me___." "I am enchanted to hear it," said Poirot. "Good morning, M. Giraud. Come, Hastings." I said no word as we walked along the street. My heart was heavy. Poirot had displayed his intentions only too plainly. I doubted more than ever my powers of saving Bella from the consequences of her act. This unlucky encounter with Giraud had roused Poirot and put him on his mettle. Suddenly I felt a hand laid on my shoulder, and turned to face Gabriel Stonor. We stopped and greeted him, and he proposed strolling with us back to our hotel. "And what are you doing here, M. Stonor?" inquired Poirot. "One must stand by one's friends," replied the other dryly. "Especially when they are unjustly accused." "Then you do not believe that Jack Renauld committed the crime?" I asked eagerly. "Certainly I don't. I know the lad. I admit that there have been one or two things in this business that have staggered me completely, but none the less, in spite of his fool way of taking it, I'll never believe that Jack Renauld is a murderer." My heart warmed to the secretary. His words seemed to lift a secret weight from my heart. "I have no doubt that many people feel as you do," I exclaimed. "There is really absurdly little evidence against him. I should say that there was no doubt of his acquittal—no doubt whatever." But Stonor hardly responded as I could have wished. "I'd give a lot to think as you do," he said gravely. He turned to Poirot. "What's your opinion, monsieur?" "I think that things look very black against him," said Poirot quietly. "You believe him guilty?" said Stonor sharply. "No. But I think he will find it hard to prove his innocence." "He's behaving so damned queerly," muttered Stonor. "Of course I realize that there's a lot more in this affair than meets the eye. Giraud's not wise to that because he's an outsider, but the whole thing has been damned odd. As to that, least said soonest mended. If Mrs. Renauld wants to hush anything up, I'll take my cue from her. It's her show, and I've too much respect for her judgment to shove my oar in, but I can't get behind this attitude of Jack's. Any one would think he _wanted___ to be thought guilty." "But it's absurd," I cried, bursting in. "For one thing, the dagger I paused, uncertain as to how much Poirot would wish me to reveal. I continued, choosing my words carefully, "We know that the dagger could not have been in Jack Renauld's possession that evening. Mrs. Renauld knows that." "True," said Stonor. "When she recovers, she will doubtless say all this and more. Well, I must be leaving you." "One moment." Poirot's hand arrested his departure. "Can you arrange for word to be sent to me at once should Madame Renauld recover consciousness?" "Certainly. That's easily done." "That point about the dagger is good, Poirot," I urged as we went upstairs. "I couldn't speak very plainly before Stonor." "That was quite right of you. We might as well keep the knowledge to ourselves as long as we can. As to the dagger, your point hardly helps Jack Renauld. You remember that I was absent for an hour this morning, before we started from London?" "Yes?" "Well, I was employed in trying to find the firm Jack Renauld employed to convert his souvenirs. It was not very difficult. _Eh bien___, Hastings, they made to his order not "So that—?" "So that, after giving one to his mother, and one to Bella Duveen, there was a third which he doubtless retained for his own use. No, Hastings, I fear the dagger question will not help us to save him from the guillotine." "It won't come to that," I cried, stung. Poirot shook his head uncertainly. "You will save him," I cried positively. Poirot glanced at me dryly. "Have you not rendered it impossible, _mon ami?___" "Some other way," I muttered. "Ah! _Sapristi!___ But it is miracles you ask from me. No—say no more. Let us instead see what is in this letter." And he drew out the envelope from his breast pocket. His face contracted as he read, then he handed the one flimsy sheet to me. "There are other women in the world who suffer, Hastings." The writing was blurred and the note had evidently been written in great agitation: "_Dear M. Poirot:___ "If you get this, I beg of you to come to my aid. I have no one to turn to, and at all costs Jack must be saved. I implore of you on my knees to help us. "MARTHE DAUBREUIL." I handed it back, moved. "You will go?" "At once. We will command an auto." Half an hour later saw us at the Villa Marguerite. Marthe was at the door to meet us, and led Poirot in, clinging with both hands to one of his. "Ah, you have come—it is good of you. I have been in despair, not knowing what to do. They will not let me go to see him in prison even. I suffer horribly, I am nearly mad. Is it true what they say, that he does not deny the crime? But that is madness. It is impossible that he should have done it! Never for one minute will I believe it." "Neither do I believe it, mademoiselle," said Poirot gently. "But then why does he not speak? I do not understand." "Perhaps because he is screening some one," suggested Poirot, watching her. Marthe frowned. "Screening some one? Do you mean his mother? Ah, from the beginning I have suspected her. Who inherits all that vast fortune? She does. It is easy to wear widow's weeds and play the hypocrite. And they say that when he was arrested she fell down—like _that___." She made a dramatic gesture. "And without doubt, M. Stonor, the secretary, he helped her. They are thick as thieves, those two. It is true she is older than he—but what do men care—if a woman is rich!" There was a hint of bitterness in her tone. "Stonor was in England," I put in. "He says so—but who knows?" "Mademoiselle," said Poirot quietly, "if we are to work together, you and I, we must have things clear. First, I will ask you a question." "Yes, monsieur?" "Are you aware of your mother's real name?" Marthe looked at him for a minute, then, letting her head fall forward on her arms, she burst into tears. "There, there," said Poirot, patting her on the shoulder. "Calm yourself, _petite___, I see that you know. Now a second question, did you know who M. Renauld was?" "M. Renauld," she raised her head from her hands and gazed at him wonderingly. "Ah, I see you do not know that. Now listen to me carefully." Step by step, he went over the case, much as he had done to me on the day of our departure for England. Marthe listened spellbound. When he had finished, she drew a long breath. "But you are wonderful—magnificent! You are the greatest detective in the world." With a swift gesture she slipped off her chair and knelt before him with an abandonment that was wholly French. "Save him, monsieur," she cried. "I love him so. Oh, save him, save him—save him!" We were present the following morning at the examination of Jack Renauld. Short as the time had been, I was shocked at the change that had taken place in the young prisoner. His cheeks had fallen in, there were deep black circles round his eyes, and he looked haggard and distraught, as one who had wooed sleep in vain for several nights. He betrayed no emotion at seeing us. The prisoner and his counsel, Maître Grosíer, were accommodated with chairs. A formidable guard with resplendent sabre stood before the door. The patient _greffier___ sat at his desk. The examination began. "Renauld," began the magistrate, "do you deny that you were in Merlinville on the night of the crime?" Jack did not reply at once, then he said with a hesitancy of manner which was piteous: "I—I—told you that I was in Cherbourg." Maître Grosíer frowned and sighed. I realized at once that Jack Renauld was obstinately bent on conducting his own case as he wished, to the despair of his legal representative. The magistrate turned sharply. "Send in the station witnesses." In a moment or two the door opened to admit a man whom I recognized as being a porter at Merlinville station. "You were on duty on the night of June 7th?" "Yes, monsieur." "You witnessed the arrival of the 11:40 train?" "Yes, monsieur." "Look at the prisoner. Do you recognize him as having been one of the passengers to alight?" "Yes, Monsieur le juge." "There is no possibility of your being mistaken?" "No, monsieur. I knew M. Jack Renauld well." "Nor of your being mistaken as to the date?" "No, monsieur. Because it was the following morning, June 8th, that we heard of the murder." Another railway official was brought in, and confirmed the first one's evidence. The magistrate looked at Jack Renauld. "These men have identified you positively. What have you to say?" Jack shrugged his shoulders. "Nothing." M. Hautet exchanged a glance with the _greffier___, as the scratching of the latter's pen recorded the answer. "Renauld," continued the magistrate, "do you recognize this?" He took something from the table by his side, and held it out to the prisoner. I shuddered as I recognized the aeroplane dagger. "Pardon," cried Maître Grosíer. "I demand to speak to my client before he answers that question." But Jack Renauld had no consideration for the feelings of the wretched Grosíer. He waved him aside, and replied quietly: "Certainly I recognize it. It is a present given by me to my mother, as a souvenir of the War." "Is there, as far as you know, any duplicate of that dagger in existence?" Again Maître Grosíer burst out, and again Jack overrode him. "Not that I know of. The setting was my own design." Even the magistrate almost gasped at the boldness of the reply. It did, in very truth, seem as though Jack was rushing on his fate. I realized, of course, the vital necessity he was under of concealing, for Bella's sake, the fact that there was a duplicate dagger in the case. So long as there was supposed to be only one weapon, no suspicion was likely to attach to the girl who had had the second paper-knife in her possession. He was valiantly shielding the woman he had once loved—but at what a cost to himself! I began to realize the magnitude of the task I had so lightly set Poirot. It would not be easy to secure the acquittal of Jack Renauld, by anything short of the truth. M. Hautet spoke again, with a peculiarly biting inflection: "Madame Renauld told us that this dagger was on her dressing table on the night of the crime. But Madame Renauld is a mother! It will doubtless astonish you, Renauld, but I consider it highly likely that Madame Renauld was mistaken, and that, by inadvertence perhaps, you had taken it with you to Paris. Doubtless you will contradict me I saw the lad's handcuffed hands clench themselves. The perspiration stood out in beads upon his brow, as with a supreme effort he interrupted M. Hautet in a hoarse voice: "I shall not contradict you. It is possible." It was a stupefying moment. Maître Grosíer rose to his feet, protesting: "My client has undergone a considerable nervous strain. I should wish it put on record that I do not consider him answerable for what he says." The magistrate quelled him angrily. For a moment a doubt seemed to arise in his own mind. Jack Renauld had almost overdone his part. He leaned forward, and gazed at the prisoner searchingly. "Do you fully understand, Renauld, that on the answers you have given me I shall have no alternative but to commit you for trial?" Jack's pale face flushed. He looked steadily back. "M. Hautet, I swear that I did not kill my father." But the magistrate's brief moment of doubt was over. He laughed a short, unpleasant laugh. "Without doubt, without doubt—they are always innocent, our prisoners! By your own mouth you are condemned. You can offer no defence, no alibi—only a mere assertion which would not deceive a babe!—that you are not guilty. You killed your father, Renauld—cruel and cowardly murder—for the sake of money which you believed would come to you at his death. Your mother was an accessory after the fact. Doubtless, in view of the fact that she acted as a mother, the courts will extend an indulgence to her that they will not accord to you. And rightly so! Your crime was a horrible one—to be held in abhorrence by gods and men!" M. Hautet was enjoying himself, working up his period, steeped in the solemnity of the moment, and his own role as representative of justice. "You killed—and you must pay the consequences of your action. I speak to you, not as a man, but as Justice, eternal Justice, which M. Hautet was interrupted—to his intense annoyance. The door was pushed open. "M. le juge, M. le juge," stammered the attendant, "there is a lady who says—who says "Who says what?" cried the justly incensed magistrate. "This is highly irregular. I forbid it—I absolutely forbid it." But a slender figure pushed the stammering gendarme aside. Dressed all in black, with a long veil that hid her face, she advanced into the room. My heart gave a sickening throb. She had come then! All my efforts were in vain. Yet I could not but admire the courage that had led her to take this step so unfalteringly. She raised her veil—and I gasped. For, though as like her as two peas, this girl was not Cinderella! On the other hand, now that I saw her without the fair wig she had worn on the stage, I recognized her as the girl of the photograph in Jack Renauld's room. "You are the Juge d'Instruction, M. Hautet?" she queried. "Yes, but I forbid "My name is Bella Duveen. I wish to give myself up for the murder of Mr. Renauld." "_My Friend:___ "You will know all when you get this. Nothing that I can say will move Bella. She has gone out to give herself up. I am tired out with struggling. "You will know now that I deceived you, that where you gave me trust I repaid you with lies. It will seem, perhaps, indefensible to you, but I should like, before I go out of your life for ever, to show you just how it all came about. If I knew that you forgave me, it would make life easier for me. It wasn't for myself I did it—that's the only thing I can put forward to say for myself. "I'll begin from the day I met you in the boat train from Paris. I was uneasy then about Bella. She was just desperate about Jack Renauld, she'd have lain down on the ground for him to walk on, and when he began to change, and to stop writing so often, she began getting in a state. She got it into her head that he was keen on another girl—and of course, as it turned out afterwards, she was quite right there. She'd made up her mind to go to their Villa at Merlinville, and try and see Jack. She knew I was against it, and tried to give me the slip. I found she was not on the train at Calais, and determined I would not go on to England without her. I'd an uneasy feeling that something awful was going to happen if I couldn't prevent it. "I met the next train from Paris. She was on it, and set upon going out then and there to Merlinville. I argued with her for all I was worth, but it wasn't any good. She was all strung up and set upon having her own way. Well, I washed my hands of it. I'd done all I could! It was getting late. I went to an hotel, and Bella started for Merlinville. I still couldn't shake off my feeling of what the books call ‘impending disaster.' "The next day came—but no Bella. She'd made a date with me to meet at the hotel, but she didn't keep it. No sign of her all day. I got more and more anxious. Then came an evening paper with the news. "It was awful! I couldn't be sure, of course—but I was terribly afraid. I figured it out that Bella had met Papa Renauld and told him about her and Jack, and that he'd insulted her or something like that. We've both got terribly quick tempers. "Then all the masked foreigner business came out, and I began to feel more at ease. But it still worried me that Bella hadn't kept her date with me. "By the next morning, I was so rattled that I'd just got to go and see what I could. First thing, I ran up against you. You know all that\u200a... When I saw the dead man, looking so like Jack, and wearing Jack's fancy overcoat, I knew! And there was the identical paper-knife—wicked little thing!—that Jack had given Bella! Ten to one it had her finger-marks on it. I can't hope to explain to you the sort of helpless horror of that moment. I only saw one thing clearly—I must get hold of that dagger, and get right away with it before they found out it was gone. I pretended to faint, and whilst you were away getting water I took the thing and hid it away in my dress. "I told you that I was staying at the Hôtel du Phare, but of course really I made a bee line back to Calais, and then on to England by the first boat. When we were in mid-Channel, I dropped that little devil of a dagger into the sea. Then I felt I could breathe again. "Bella was at our digs in London. She looked like nothing on God's earth. I told her what I'd done, and that she was pretty safe for the time being. She stared at me, and then began laughing\u200a... laughing\u200a... laughing\u200a... it was horrible to hear her! I felt that the best thing to do was to keep busy. She'd go mad if she had time to brood on what she'd done. Luckily we got an engagement at once. "And then, I saw you and your friend, watching us that night\u200a... I was frantic. You must suspect, or you wouldn't have tracked us down. I had to know the worst, so I followed you. I was desperate. And then, before I'd had time to say anything, I tumbled to it that it was _me___ you suspected, not Bella! Or at least that you thought I _was___ Bella since I'd stolen the dagger. "I wish, honey, that you could see back into my mind at that moment\u200a... you'd forgive me, perhaps\u200a... I was so frightened, and muddled, and desperate. ... All I could get clearly was that you would try and save me. I didn't know whether you'd be willing to save her\u200a... I thought very likely not—it wasn't the same thing! And I couldn't risk it! Bella's my twin—I'd got to do the best for her. So I went on lying. ... I felt mean—I feel mean still. ... That's all—enough too, you'll say, I expect. I ought to have trusted you. ... If I had— "As soon as the news was in the paper that Jack Renauld had been arrested, it was all up. Bella wouldn't even wait to see how things went. ... "I'm very tired. ... I can't write any more. ..." She had begun to sign herself Cinderella, but had crossed that out and written instead "Dulcie Duveen." It was an ill-written, blurred epistle but I have kept it to this day. Poirot was with me when I read it. The sheets fell from my hand, and I looked across at him. "Did you know all the time that it was—the other?" "Yes, my friend." "Why did you not tell me?" "To begin with, I could hardly believe it conceivable that you could make such a mistake. You had seen the photograph. The sisters are very alike, but by no means incapable of distinguishment." "But the fair hair?" "A wig, worn for the sake of a piquant contrast on the stage. Is it conceivable that with twins one should be fair and one dark?" "Why didn't you tell me that night at the hotel in Coventry?" "You were rather high-handed in your methods, _mon ami___," said Poirot dryly. "You did not give me a chance." "But afterwards?" "Ah, afterwards! Well, to begin with, I was hurt at your want of faith in me. And then, I wanted to see whether your—feelings would stand the test of time. In fact, whether it was love, or a flash in the pan, with you. I should not have left you long in your error." I nodded. His tone was too affectionate for me to bear resentment. I looked down on the sheets of the letter. Suddenly I picked them up from the floor, and pushed them across to him. "Read that," I said. "I'd like you to." He read it through in silence, then he looked up at me. "What is it that worries you, Hastings?" This was quite a new mood in Poirot. His mocking manner seemed laid quite aside. I was able to say what I wanted without too much difficulty. "She doesn't say—she doesn't say—well, not whether she cares for me or not!" Poirot turned back the pages. "I think you are mistaken, Hastings." "Where?" I cried, leaning forward eagerly. Poirot smiled. "She tells you that in every line of the letter, _mon ami___." "But where am I to find her? There's no address on the letter. There's a French stamp, that's all." "Excite yourself not! Leave it to Papa Poirot. I can find her for you as soon as I have five little minutes!" "Congratulations, M. Jack," said Poirot, wringing the lad warmly by the hand. Young Renauld had come to us as soon as he was liberated—before starting for Merlinville to rejoin Marthe and his mother. Stonor accompanied him. His heartiness was in strong contrast to the lad's wan looks. It was plain that the boy was on the verge of a nervous breakdown. Although delivered from the immediate peril that was hanging over him, the circumstances of his release were too painful to let him feel full relief. He smiled mournfully at Poirot, and said in a low voice: "I went through it to protect her, and now it's all no use!" "You could hardly expect the girl to accept the price of your life," remarked Stonor dryly. "She was bound to come forward when she saw you heading straight for the guillotine." "_Eh ma foi!___ and you were heading for it too!" added Poirot, with a slight twinkle. "You would have had Maître Grosíer's death from rage on your conscience if you had gone on." "He was a well meaning ass, I suppose," said Jack. "But he worried me horribly. You see, I couldn't very well take him into my confidence. But, my God! what's going to happen about Bella?" "If I were you," said Poirot frankly, "I should not distress myself unduly. The French Courts are very lenient to youth and beauty, and the _crime passionnel___. A clever lawyer will make out a great case of extenuating circumstances. It will not be pleasant for you "I don't care about that. You see, M. Poirot, in a way I _do___ feel guilty of my father's murder. But for me, and my entanglement with this girl, he would be alive and well today. And then my cursed carelessness in taking away the wrong overcoat. I can't help feeling responsible for his death. It will haunt me for ever!" "No, no," I said soothingly. "Of course it's horrible to me to think that Bella killed my father," resumed Jack, "but I'd treated her shamefully. After I But I was so terrified of a row, and of its coming to Marthe's ears, and her thinking there was more in it than there ever had been, that—well, I was a coward, and went on hoping the thing would die down of itself. I just drifted, in fact—not realizing that I was driving the poor kid desperate. If she'd really knifed me, as she meant to, I should have got no more than my deserts. And the way she's come forward now is downright plucky. I'd have stood the racket, you know—up to the end." He was silent for a moment or two, and then burst out on another tack: "What gets me is why the Governor should be wandering about in underclothes and my overcoat at that time of night. I suppose he'd just given the foreign johnnies the slip, and my mother must have made a mistake about its being 2 o'clock when they came. Or—or, it wasn't all a frame up, was it? I mean, my mother didn't think—couldn't think—that—that it was _me?___" Poirot reassured him quickly. "No, no, M. Jack. Have no fears on that score. As for the rest, I will explain it to you one of these days. It is rather curious. But will you recount to us exactly what did occur on that terrible evening?" "There's very little to tell. I came from Cherbourg, as I told you, in order to see Marthe before going to the other end of the world. The train was late, and I decided to take the short cut across the golf links. I could easily get into the grounds of the Villa Marguerite from there. I had nearly reached the place when He paused and swallowed. "Yes?" "I heard a terrible cry. It wasn't loud—a sort of choke and gasp—but it frightened me. For a moment I stood rooted to the spot. Then I came round the corner of a bush. There was moonlight. I saw the grave, and a figure lying face downwards, with a dagger sticking in the back. And then—and then—I looked up and saw _her___. She was looking at me as though she saw a ghost—it's what she must have thought me at first—all expression seemed frozen out of her face by horror. And then she gave a cry, and turned and ran." He stopped, trying to master his emotion. "And afterwards?" asked Poirot gently. "I really don't know. I stayed there for a time, dazed. And then I realized I'd better get away as fast as I could. It didn't occur to me that they would suspect me, but I was afraid of being called upon to give evidence against her. I walked to St. Beauvais as I told you, and got a car from there back to Cherbourg." A knock came at the door, and a page entered with a telegram which he delivered to Stonor. He tore it open. Then he got up from his seat. "Mrs. Renauld has regained consciousness," he said. "Ah!" Poirot sprang to his feet. "Let us all go to Merlinville at once!" A hurried departure was made forthwith. Stonor, at Jack's instance, agreed to stay behind and do all that could be done for Bella Duveen. Poirot, Jack Renauld and I set off in the Renauld car. The run took just over forty minutes. As we approached the doorway of the Villa Marguerite, Jack Renauld shot a questioning glance at Poirot. "How would it be if you went on first—to break the news to my mother that I am free "While you break it in person to Mademoiselle Marthe, eh?" finished Poirot, with a twinkle. "But yes, by all means, I was about to propose such an arrangement myself." Jack Renauld did not wait for more. Stopping the car, he swung himself out, and ran up the path to the front door. We went on in the car to the Villa Geneviève. "Poirot," I said, "do you remember how we arrived here that first day? And were met by the news of M. Renauld's murder?" "Ah! yes, truly. Not so long ago, either. But what a lot of things have happened since then—especially for you, _mon ami!___" "Poirot, what have you done about finding Bel—I mean Dulcie?" "Calm yourself, Hastings. I arrange everything." "You're being a precious long time about it," I grumbled. Poirot changed the subject. "Then the beginning, now the end," he moralized, as we rang the bell. "And, considered as a case, the end is profoundly unsatisfactory." "Yes, indeed," I sighed. "You are regarding it from the sentimental standpoint, Hastings. That was not my meaning. We will hope that Mademoiselle Bella will be dealt with leniently, and after all Jack Renauld cannot marry both the girls. I spoke from a professional standpoint. This is not a crime well ordered and regular, such as a detective delights in. The _mise en scène___ designed by Georges Conneau, that indeed is perfect, but the _dénouement___—ah, no! A man killed by accident in a girl's fit of anger—ah, indeed, what order or method is there in that?" And in the midst of a fit of laughter on my part at Poirot's peculiarities, the door was opened by Françoise. Poirot explained that he must see Mrs. Renauld at once, and the old woman conducted him upstairs. I remained in the _salon___. It was some time before Poirot reappeared. He was looking unusually grave. "_Vous voilà___, Hastings! _Sacré tonnerre___, but there are squalls ahead!" "What do you mean?" I cried. "I would hardly have credited it," said Poirot thoughtfully, "but women are very unexpected." "Here are Jack and Marthe Daubreuil," I exclaimed, looking out of the window. Poirot bounded out of the room, and met the young couple on the steps outside. "Do not enter. It is better not. Your mother is very upset." "I know, I know," said Jack Renauld. "I must go up to her at once." "But no, I tell you. It is better not." "But Marthe and I "In any case, do not take Mademoiselle with you. Mount, if you must, but you would be wise to be guided by me." A voice on the stairs behind made us all start. "I thank you for your good offices, M. Poirot, but I will make my own wishes clear." We stared in astonishment. Descending the stairs, leaning upon Léonie's arm, was Mrs. Renauld, her head still bandaged. The French girl was weeping, and imploring her mistress to return to bed. "Madame will kill herself. It is contrary to all the doctor's orders!" But Mrs. Renauld came on. "Mother," cried Jack, starting forward. But with a gesture she drove him back. "I am no mother of yours! You are no son of mine! From this day and hour I renounce you." "Mother," cried the lad, stupefied. For a moment she seemed to waver, to falter before the anguish in his voice. Poirot made a mediating gesture, but instantly she regained command of herself. "Your father's blood is on your head. You are morally guilty of his death. You thwarted and defied him over this girl, and by your heartless treatment of another girl, you brought about his death. Go out from my house. Tomorrow I intend to take such steps as shall make it certain that you shall never touch a penny of his money. Make your way in the world as best you can with the help of the girl who is the daughter of your father's bitterest enemy!" And slowly, painfully, she retraced her way upstairs. We were all dumbfounded—totally unprepared for such a demonstration. Jack Renauld, worn out with all he had already gone through, swayed and nearly fell. Poirot and I went quickly to his assistance. "He is overdone," murmured Poirot to Marthe. "Where can we take him?" "But home! To the Villa Marguerite. We will nurse him, my mother and I. My poor Jack!" We got the lad to the Villa, where he dropped limply on to a chair in a semi-dazed condition. Poirot felt his head and hands. "He has fever. The long strain begins to tell. And now this shock on top of it. Get him to bed, and Hastings and I will summon a doctor." A doctor was soon procured. After examining the patient, he gave it as his opinion that it was simply a case of nerve strain. With perfect rest and quiet, the lad might be almost restored by the next day, but, if excited, there was a chance of brain fever. It would be advisable for some one to sit up all night with him. Finally, having done all we could, we left him in the charge of Marthe and her mother, and set out for the town. It was past our usual hour of dining, and we were both famished. The first restaurant we came to assuaged the pangs of hunger with an excellent _omelette___, and an equally excellent _entrecôte___ to follow. "And now for quarters for the night," said Poirot, when at length _café noir___ had completed the meal. "Shall we try our old friend, the Hôtel des Bains?" We traced our steps there without more ado. Yes, Messieurs could be accommodated with two good rooms overlooking the sea. Then Poirot asked a question which surprised me. "Has an English lady, Miss Robinson, arrived?" "Yes, monsieur. She is in the little _salon___." "Ah!" "Poirot," I cried, keeping pace with him as he walked along the corridor, "who on earth is Miss Robinson?" Poirot beamed kindly on me. "It is that I have arranged you a marriage, Hastings." "But, I say "Bah!" said Poirot, giving me a friendly push over the threshold of the door. "Do you think I wish to trumpet aloud in Merlinville the name of Duveen?" It was indeed Cinderella who rose to greet us. I took her hands in both of mine. My eyes said the rest. Poirot cleared his throat. "_Mes enfants___," he said, "for the moment we have no time for sentiment. There is work ahead of us. Mademoiselle, were you able to do what I asked you?" In response, Cinderella took from her bag an object wrapped up in paper, and handed it silently to Poirot. The latter unwrapped it. I gave a start—for it was the aeroplane dagger which I understood she had cast into the sea. Strange, how reluctant women always are to destroy the most compromising of objects and documents! "_Très bien, mon enfant___," said Poirot. "I am pleased with you. Go now and rest yourself. Hastings here and I have work to do. You shall see him tomorrow." "Where are you going?" asked the girl, her eyes widening. "You shall hear all about it tomorrow." "Because wherever you're going, I'm coming too." "But mademoiselle "I'm coming too, I tell you." Poirot realized that it was futile to argue further. He gave in. "Come then, mademoiselle. But it will not be amusing. In all probability nothing will happen." The girl made no reply. Twenty minutes later we set forth. It was quite dark now, a close, oppressive evening. Poirot led the way out of the town in the direction of the Villa Geneviève. But when he reached the Villa Marguerite he paused. "I should like to assure myself that all goes well with Jack Renauld. Come with me, Hastings. Mademoiselle will perhaps remain outside. Madame Daubreuil might say something which would wound her." We unlatched the gate, and walked up the path. As we went round to the side of the house, I drew Poirot's attention to a window on the first floor. Thrown sharply on the blind was the profile of Marthe Daubreuil. "Ah!" said Poirot. "I figure to myself that that is the room where we shall find Jack Renauld." Madame Daubreuil opened the door to us. She explained that Jack was much the same, but perhaps we would like to see for ourselves. She led us upstairs and into the bedroom. Marthe Daubreuil was embroidering by a table with a lamp on it. She put her finger to her lips as we entered. Jack Renauld was sleeping an uneasy fitful sleep, his head turning from side to side, and his face still unduly flushed. "Is the doctor coming again?" asked Poirot in a whisper. "Not unless we send. He is sleeping—that is the great thing. _Maman___ made him a tisane." She sat down again with her embroidery as we left the room. Madame Daubreuil accompanied us down the stairs. Since I had learned of her past history, I viewed this woman with increased interest. She stood there with her eyes cast down, the same very faint enigmatical smile that I remembered on her lips. And suddenly I felt afraid of her, as one might feel afraid of a beautiful poisonous snake. "I hope we have not deranged you, madame," said Poirot politely as she opened the door for us to pass out. "Not at all, monsieur." "By the way," said Poirot, as though struck by an afterthought, "M. Stonor has not been in Merlinville today, has he?" I could not at all fathom the point of this question which I well knew to be meaningless as far as Poirot was concerned. Madame Daubreuil replied quite composedly: "Not that I know of." "He has not had an interview with Mrs. Renauld?" "How should I know that, monsieur?" "True," said Poirot. "I thought you might have seen him coming or going, that is all. Good night, madame." "Why I began. "No ‘_whys___,' Hastings. There will be time for that later." We rejoined Cinderella and made our way rapidly in the direction of the Villa Geneviève. Poirot looked over his shoulder once at the lighted window and the profile of Marthe as she bent over her work. "He is being guarded at all events," he muttered. Arrived at the Villa Geneviève, Poirot took up his stand behind some bushes to the left of the drive, where, whilst enjoying a good view ourselves, we were completely hidden from sight. The Villa itself was in total darkness, everybody was without doubt in bed and asleep. We were almost immediately under the window of Mrs. Renauld's bedroom, which window, I noticed, was open. It seemed to me that it was upon this spot that Poirot's eyes were fixed. "What are we going to do?" I whispered. "Watch." "But "I do not expect anything to happen for at least an hour, probably two hours, but the But his words were interrupted by a long thin drawn cry: "Help!" A light flashed up in the second floor room on the right hand side of the house. The cry came from there. And even as we watched there came a shadow on the blind as of two people struggling. "_Mille tonnerres!___" cried Poirot. "She must have changed her room!" Dashing forward, he battered wildly on the front door. Then rushing to the tree in the flower-bed, he swarmed up it with the agility of a cat. I followed him, as with a bound he sprang in through the open window. Looking over my shoulder, I saw Dulcie reaching the branch behind me. "Take care," I exclaimed. "Take care of your grandmother!" retorted the girl. "This is child's play to me." Poirot had rushed through the empty room and was pounding on the door leading into the corridor. "Locked and bolted on the outside," he growled. "And it will take time to burst it open." The cries for help were getting noticeably fainter. I saw despair in Poirot's eyes. He and I together put our shoulders to the door. Cinderella's voice, calm and dispassionate, came from the window: "You'll be too late, I guess I'm the only one who can do anything." Before I could move a hand to stop her, she appeared to leap upward into space. I rushed and looked out. To my horror, I saw her hanging by her hands from the roof, propelling herself along by jerks in the direction of the lighted window. "Good heavens! She'll be killed," I cried. "You forget. She's a professional acrobat, Hastings. It was the providence of the good God that made her insist on coming with us tonight. I only pray that she may be in time. Ah!" A cry of absolute terror floated out on to the night as the girl disappeared through the right-hand window; then in Cinderella's clear tones came the words: "No, you don't! I've got you—and my wrists are just like steel." At the same moment the door of our prison was opened cautiously by Françoise. Poirot brushed her aside unceremoniously and rushed down the passage to where the other maids were grouped round the further door. "It's locked on the inside, monsieur." There was the sound of a heavy fall within. After a moment or two the key turned and the door swung slowly open. Cinderella, very pale, beckoned us in. "She is safe?" demanded Poirot. "Yes, I was just in time. She was exhausted." Mrs. Renauld was half sitting, half lying on the bed. She was gasping for breath. "Nearly strangled me," she murmured painfully. The girl picked up something from the floor and handed it to Poirot. It was a rolled up ladder of silk rope, very fine but quite strong. "A getaway," said Poirot. "By the window, whilst we were battering at the door. Where is—the other?" The girl stood aside a little and pointed. On the ground lay a figure wrapped in some dark material a fold of which hid the face. "Dead?" She nodded. "I think so." "Head must have struck the marble fender." "But who is it?" I cried. "The murderer of M. Renauld, Hastings. And the would-be murderer of Madame Renauld." Puzzled and uncomprehending, I knelt down, and lifting the fold of cloth, looked into the dead beautiful face of Marthe Daubreuil! I have confused memories of the further events of that night. Poirot seemed deaf to my repeated questions. He was engaged in overwhelming Françoise with reproaches for not having told him of Mrs. Renauld's change of sleeping quarters. I caught him by the shoulder, determined to attract his attention, and make myself heard. "But you _must___ have known," I expostulated. "You were taken up to see her this afternoon." Poirot deigned to attend to me for a brief moment. "She had been wheeled on a sofa into the middle room—her boudoir," he explained. "But, monsieur," cried Françoise, "Madame changed her room almost immediately after the crime! The associations—they were too distressing!" "Then why was I not told," vociferated Poirot, striking the table, and working himself into a first-class passion. "I demand you—why—was—I—not—told? You are an old woman completely imbecile! And Léonie and Denise are no better. All of you are triple idiots! Your stupidity has nearly caused the death of your mistress. But for this courageous child He broke off, and, darting across the room to where the girl was bending over ministering to Mrs. Renauld, he embraced her with Gallic fervour—slightly to my annoyance. I was aroused from my condition of mental fog by a sharp command from Poirot to fetch the doctor immediately on Mrs. Renauld's behalf. After that, I might summon the police. And he added, to complete my dudgeon: "It will hardly be worth your while to return here. I shall be too busy to attend to you, and of Mademoiselle here I make a _garde-malad___." I retired with what dignity I could command. Having done my errands, I returned to the hotel. I understood next to nothing of what had occurred. The events of the night seemed fantastic and impossible. Nobody would answer my questions. Nobody had seemed to hear them. Angrily, I flung myself into bed, and slept the sleep of the bewildered and utterly exhausted. I awoke to find the sun pouring in through the open windows and Poirot, neat and smiling, sitting beside the bed. "_Enfin___ you wake! But it is that you are a famous sleeper, Hastings! Do you know that it is nearly eleven o'clock?" I groaned and put a hand to my head. "I must have been dreaming," I said. "Do you know, I actually dreamt that we found Marthe Daubreuil's body in Mrs. Renauld's room, and that you declared her to have murdered Mr. Renauld?" "You were not dreaming. All that is quite true." "But Bella Duveen killed Mr. Renauld?" "Oh, no, Hastings, she did not! She said she did—yes—but that was to save the man she loved from the guillotine." "What?" "Remember Jack Renauld's story. They both arrived on the scene at the same instant, and each took the other to be the perpetrator of the crime. The girl stares at him in horror, and then with a cry rushes away. But, when she hears that the crime has been brought home to him, she cannot bear it, and comes forward to Poirot leaned back in his chair, and brought the tips of his fingers together in familiar style. "The case was not quite satisfactory to me," he observed judicially. "All along I was strongly under the impression that we were dealing with a cold-blooded and premeditated crime committed by some one who had been contented (very cleverly) with using M. Renauld's own plans for throwing the police off the track. The great criminal (as you may remember my remarking to you once) is always supremely simple." I nodded. "Now, to support this theory, the criminal must have been fully cognizant of Mr. Renauld's plans. That leads us to Madame Renauld. But facts fail to support any theory of her guilt. Is there any one else who might have known of them? Yes. From Marthe Daubreuil's own lips we have the admission that she overheard M. Renauld's quarrel with the tramp. If she could overhear that, there is no reason why she should not have heard everything else, especially if M. and Madame Renauld were imprudent enough to discuss their plans sitting on the bench. Remember how easily you overheard Marthe's conversation with Jack Renauld from that spot." "But what possible motive could Marthe have for murdering Mr. Renauld?" I argued. "What motive? Money! M. Renauld was a millionaire several times over, and at his death (or so she and Jack believed) half that vast fortune would pass to his son. Let us reconstruct the scene from the standpoint of Marthe Daubreuil. "Marthe Daubreuil overhears what passes between Renauld and his wife. So far he has been a nice little source of income to the Daubreuil mother and daughter, but now he proposes to escape from their toils. At first, possibly, her idea is to prevent that escape. But a bolder idea takes its place, and one that fails to horrify the daughter of Jeanne Beroldy! At present M. Renauld stands inexorably in the way of her marriage with Jack. If the latter defies his father, he will be a pauper—which is not at all to the mind of Mademoiselle Marthe. In fact, I doubt if she has ever cared a straw for Jack Renauld. She can simulate emotion, but in reality she is of the same cold, calculating type as her mother. I doubt, too, whether she was really very sure of her hold over the boy's affections. She had dazzled and captivated him, but separated from her, as his father could so easily manage to separate him, she might lose him. But with M. Renauld dead, and Jack the heir to half his millions, the marriage can take place at once, and at a stroke she will attain wealth—not the beggarly thousands that have been extracted from him so far. And her clever brain takes in the simplicity of the thing. It is all so easy. M. Renauld is planning all the circumstances of his death—she has only to step in at the right moment and turn the farce into a grim reality. And here comes in the second point which led me infallibly to Marthe Daubreuil—the dagger! Jack Renauld had _three___ souvenirs made. One he gave to his mother, one to Bella Duveen; was it not highly probable that he had given the third one to Marthe Daubreuil? "So then, to sum up, there were four points of note against Marthe Daubreuil: "(1) Marthe Daubreuil could have overheard M. Renauld's plans. "(2) Marthe Daubreuil had a direct interest in causing M. Renauld's death. "(3) Marthe Daubreuil was the daughter of the notorious Madame Beroldy who in my opinion was morally and virtually the murderess of her husband, although it may have been Georges Conneau's hand which struck the actual blow. "(4) Marthe Daubreuil was the only person, besides Jack Renauld, likely to have the third dagger in her possession." Poirot paused and cleared his throat. "Of course, when I learned of the existence of the other girl, Bella Duveen, I realized that it was quite possible that _she___ might have killed M. Renauld. The solution did not commend itself to me, because, as I pointed out to you, Hastings, an expert, such as I am, likes to meet a foeman worthy of his steel. Still one must take crimes as one finds them, not as one would like them to be. It did not seem very likely that Bella Duveen would be wandering about carrying a souvenir paper-knife in her hand, but of course she might have had some idea all the time of revenging herself on Jack Renauld. When she actually came forward and confessed to the murder, it seemed that all was over. And yet—I was not satisfied, _mon ami___. _I was not satisfied. ...___ "I went over the case again minutely, and I came to the same conclusion as before. If it was _not___ Bella Duveen, the only other person who could have committed the crime was Marthe Daubreuil. But I had not one single proof against her! "And then you showed me that letter from Mademoiselle Dulcie, and I saw a chance of settling the matter once for all. The original dagger was stolen by Dulcie Duveen and thrown into the sea—since, as she thought, it belonged to her sister. But if, by any chance, it was _not___ her sister's, but the one given by Jack to Marthe Daubreuil—why then, Bella Duveen's dagger would be still intact! I said no word to you, Hastings (it was no time for romance) but I sought out Mademoiselle Dulcie, told her as much as I deemed needful, and set her to search amongst the effects of her sister. Imagine my elation, when she sought me out (according to my instructions) as Miss Robinson with the precious souvenir in her possession! "In the meantime I had taken steps to force Mademoiselle Marthe into the open. By my orders, Mrs. Renauld repulsed her son, and declared her intention of making a will on the morrow which should cut him off from ever enjoying even a portion of his father's fortune. It was a desperate step, but a necessary one, and Madame Renauld was fully prepared to take the risk—though unfortunately she also never thought of mentioning her change of room. I suppose she took it for granted that I knew. All happened as I thought. Marthe Daubreuil made a last bold bid for the Renauld millions—and failed!" "What absolutely bewilders me," I said, "is how she ever got into the house without our seeing her. It seems an absolute miracle. We left her behind at the Villa Marguerite, we go straight to the Villa Geneviève—and yet she is there before us!" "Ah, but we did not leave her behind. She was out of the Villa Marguerite by the back way whilst we were talking to her mother in the hall. That is where, as the Americans say, she ‘put it over' on Hercule Poirot!" "But the shadow on the blind? We saw it from the road." "_Eh bien___, when we looked up, Madame Daubreuil had just had time to run upstairs and take her place." "Madame Daubreuil?" "Yes. One is old, and one is young, one dark, and one fair, but, for the purpose of a silhouette on a blind, their profiles are singularly alike. Even I did not suspect—triple imbecile that I was! I thought I had plenty of time before me—that she would not try to gain admission to the Villa until much later. She had brains, that beautiful Mademoiselle Marthe." "And her object was to murder Mrs. Renauld?" "Yes. The whole fortune would then pass to her son. But it would have been suicide, _mon ami!___ On the floor by Marthe Daubreuil's body, I found a pad and a little bottle of chloroform and a hypodermic syringe containing a fatal dose of morphine. You understand? The chloroform first—then when the victim is unconscious the prick of the needle. By the morning the smell of the chloroform has quite disappeared, and the syringe lies where it has fallen from Madame Renauld's hand. What would he say, the excellent M. Hautet? ‘Poor woman! What did I tell you? The shock of joy, it was too much on top of the rest! Did I not say that I should not be surprised if her brain became unhinged. Altogether a most tragic case, the Renauld Case!' "However, Hastings, things did not go quite as Mademoiselle Marthe had planned. To begin with, Madame Renauld was awake and waiting for her. There is a struggle. But Madame Renauld is terribly weak still. There is a last chance for Marthe Daubreuil. The idea of suicide is at an end, but if she can silence Madame Renauld with her strong hands, make a getaway with her little silk ladder whilst we are still battering on the inside of the further door, and be back at the Villa Marguerite before we return there, it will be hard to prove anything against her. But she was checkmated—not by Hercule Poirot—but by _la petite acrobate___ with her wrists of steel." I mused over the whole story. "When did you first begin to suspect Marthe Daubreuil, Poirot? When she told us she had overheard the quarrel in the garden?" Poirot smiled. "My friend, do you remember when we drove into Merlinville that first day? And the beautiful girl we saw standing at the gate? You asked me if I had not noticed a young goddess, and I replied to you that I had seen only a girl with anxious eyes. That is how I have thought of Marthe Daubreuil from the beginning. _The girl with the anxious eyes!___ Why was she anxious? Not on Jack Renauld's behalf, for she did not know then that he had been in Merlinville the previous evening." "By the way," I exclaimed, "how is Jack Renauld?" "Much better. He is still at the Villa Marguerite. But Madame Daubreuil has disappeared. The police are looking for her." "Was she in with her daughter, do you think?" "We shall never know. Madame is a lady who can keep her secrets. And I doubt very much if the police will ever find her." "Has Jack Renauld been—told?" "Not yet." "It will be a terrible shock to him." "Naturally. And yet, do you know, Hastings, I doubt if his heart was ever seriously engaged. So far we have looked upon Bella Duveen as a siren, and Marthe Daubreuil as the girl he really loved. But I think that if we reversed the terms we should come nearer to the truth. Marthe Daubreuil was very beautiful. She set herself to fascinate Jack, and she succeeded, but remember his curious reluctance to break with the other girl. And see how he was willing to go to the guillotine rather than implicate her. I have a little idea that when he learns the truth he will be horrified—revolted, and his false love will wither away." "What about Giraud?" "He has a _crise___ of the nerves, that one! He has been obliged to return to Paris." We both smiled. Poirot proved a fairly true prophet. When at length the doctor pronounced Jack Renauld strong enough to hear the truth, it was Poirot who broke it to him. The shock was indeed terrific. Yet Jack rallied better than I could have supposed possible. His mother's devotion helped him to live through those difficult days. The mother and son were inseparable now. There was a further revelation to come. Poirot had acquainted Mrs. Renauld with the fact that he knew her secret, and had represented to her that Jack should not be left in ignorance of his father's past. "To hide the truth, never does it avail, madame! Be brave and tell him everything." With a heavy heart Mrs. Renauld consented, and her son learned that the father he had loved had been in actual fact a fugitive from justice. A halting question was promptly answered by Poirot. "Reassure yourself, M. Jack. The world knows nothing. As far as I can see, there is no obligation for me to take the police into my confidence. Throughout the case I have acted, not for them, but for your father. Justice overtook him at last, but no one need ever know that he and Georges Conneau were one and the same." There were, of course, various points in the case that remained puzzling to the police, but Poirot explained things in so plausible a fashion that all query about them was gradually stilled. Shortly after we got back to London, I noticed a magnificent model of a foxhound adorning Poirot's mantelpiece. In answer to my inquiring glance, Poirot nodded. "_Mais, oui!___ I got my 500 francs! Is he not a splendid fellow? I call him Giraud!" A few days later Jack Renauld came to see us with a resolute expression on his face. "M. Poirot, I've come to say good-bye. I'm sailing for South America almost immediately. My father had large interests over the continent, and I mean to start a new life out there." "You go alone, M. Jack?" "My mother comes with me—and I shall keep Stonor on as my secretary. He likes out of-the-way parts of the world." "No one else goes with you?" Jack flushed. "You mean—?" "A girl who loves you very dearly—who has been willing to lay down her life for you." "How could I ask her?" muttered the boy. "After all that has happened, could I go to her and—oh, what sort of a lame story could I tell?" "_Les femmes___—they have a wonderful genius for manufacturing crutches for stories like that." "Yes, but—I've been such a damned fool!" "So have all of us, at one time and another," observed Poirot philosophically. But Jack's face had hardened. "There's something else. I'm my father's son. Would any one marry me, knowing that?" "You are your father's son, you say. Hastings here will tell you that I believe in heredity "Well, then "Wait. I know a woman, a woman of courage and endurance, capable of great love, of supreme self-sacrifice The boy looked up. His eyes softened. "My mother!" "Yes. You are your mother's son as well as your father's. Go then to Mademoiselle Bella. Tell her everything. Keep nothing back—and see what she will say!" Jack looked irresolute. "Go to her as a boy no longer, but a man—a man bowed by the fate of the Past, and the fate of Today, but looking forward to a new and wonderful life. Ask her to share it with you. You may not realize it, but your love for each other has been tested in the fire and not found wanting. You have both been willing to lay down your lives for each other." And what of Captain Arthur Hastings, humble chronicler of these pages? There is some talk of his joining the Renaulds on a ranch across the seas, but for the end of this story I prefer to go back to a morning in the garden of the Villa Geneviève. "I can't call you Bella," I said, "since it isn't your name. And Dulcie seems so unfamiliar. So it's got to be Cinderella. Cinderella married the Prince, you remember. I'm not a Prince, but She interrupted me. "Cinderella warned him, I'm sure! You see, she couldn't promise to turn into a princess. She was only a little scullion after all "It's the Prince's turn to interrupt," I interpolated. "Do you know what he said?" "No?" "\u200a‘Hell!' said the Prince—and kissed her!" And I suited the action to the word. Nadina, the Russian dancer who had taken Paris by storm, swayed to the sound of the applause, bowed and bowed again. Her narrow black eyes narrowed themselves still more, the long line of her scarlet mouth curved faintly upwards. Enthusiastic Frenchmen continued to beat the ground appreciatively as the curtain fell with a swish, hiding the reds and blues and magentas of the bizarre _décors._ In a swirl of blue and orange draperies the dancer left the stage. A bearded gentleman received her enthusiastically in his arms. It was the Manager. "Magnificent, _petite,_ magnificent," he cried. "To-night you have surpassed yourself." He kissed her gallantly on both cheeks in a somewhat matter-of-fact manner. Madame Nadina accepted the tribute with the ease of long habit and passed on to her dressing-room, where bouquets were heaped carelessly everywhere, marvellous garments of futuristic design hung on pegs, and the air was hot and sweet with the scent of the massed blossoms and with more sophisticated perfumes and essences. Jeanne, the dresser, ministered to her mistress, talking incessantly and pouring out a stream of fulsome compliment. A knock at the door interrupted the flow. Jeanne went to answer it, and returned with a card in her hand. "Madame will receive?" "Let me see." The dancer stretched out a languid hand, but at the sight of the name on the card, "Count Sergius Paulovitch," a sudden flicker of interest came into her eyes. "I will see him. The maize _peignoir,_ Jeanne, and quickly. And when the Count comes you may go." _"Bien, Madame. "_ Jeanne brought the _peignoir,_ an exquisite wisp of corn-coloured chiffon and ermine. Nadina slipped into it, and sat smiling to herself, whilst one long white hand beat a slow tattoo on the glass of the dressing-table. The Count was prompt to avail himself of the privilege accorded to him—a man of medium height, very slim, very elegant, very pale, extraordinarily weary. In feature, little to take hold of, a man difficult to recognize again if one left his mannerisms out of account. He bowed over the dancer's hand with exaggerated courtliness. "Madame, this is a pleasure indeed." So much Jeanne heard before she went out closing the door behind her. Alone with her visitor, a subtle change came over Nadina's smile. "Compatriots though we are, we will not speak Russian, I think," she observed. "Since we neither of us know a word of the language, it might be as well," agreed her guest. By common consent, they dropped into English, and nobody, now that the Count's mannerisms had dropped from him, could doubt that it was his native language. He had, indeed, started life as a quick-change music-hall artiste in London. "You had a great success to-night," he remarked. "I congratulate you." "All the same," said the woman, "I am disturbed. My position is not what it was. The suspicions aroused during the War have never died down. I am continually watched and spied upon." "But no charge of espionage was ever brought against you?" "Our chief lays his plans too carefully for that." "Long life to the ‘Colonel,'" said the Count, smiling. "Amazing news, is it not, that he means to retire? To retire! Just like a doctor, or a butcher, or a plumber— "Or any other business man," finished Nadina. "It should not surprise us. That is what the ‘Colonel' has always been—an excellent man of business. He has organized crime as another man might organize a boot factory. Without committing himself, he has planned and directed a series of stupendous _coups,_ embracing every branch of what we might call his ‘profession.' Jewel robberies, forgery, espionage (the latter very profitable in war-time), sabotage, discreet assassination, there is hardly anything he has not touched. Wisest of all, he knows when to stop. The game begins to be dangerous? —he retires gracefully—with an enormous fortune!" "H'm!" said the Count doubtfully. "It is rather—upsetting for all of us. We are at a loose end, as it were." "But we are being paid off—on a most generous scale!" Something, some undercurrent of mockery in her tone, made the man look at her sharply. She was smiling to herself, and the quality of her smile aroused his curiosity. But he proceeded diplomatically: "Yes, the ‘Colonel' has always been a generous paymaster. I attribute much of his success to that—and to his invariable plan of providing a suitable scapegoat. A great brain, undoubtedly a great brain! And an apostle of the maxim, ‘If you want a thing done safely, do not do it yourself!' Here are we, every one of us incriminated up to the hilt and absolutely in his power, and not one of us has anything on him." He paused, almost as though he were expecting her to disagree with him, but she remained silent, smiling to herself as before. "Not one of us," he mused. "Still, you know, he is superstitious, the old man. Years ago, I believe, he went to one of these fortune-telling people. She prophesied a lifetime of success, but declared that his downfall would be brought about through a woman." He had interested her now. She looked up eagerly. "That is strange, very strange! Through a woman, you say?" He smiled and shrugged his shoulders. "Doubtless, now that he has—retired, he will marry. Some young society beauty, who will disperse his millions faster "That is settled then. Why not return with me to-day?" "Oh, thank you, but will Mrs. Flemming— "My wife will be delighted to welcome you." I wonder if husbands know as much about their wives as they think they do. If I had a husband, I should hate him to bring home orphans without consulting me first. "We will send her a wire from the station," continued the lawyer. My few personal belongings were soon packed. I contemplated my hat sadly before putting it on. It had originally been what I call a "Mary" hat, meaning by that the kind of hat a housemaid ought to wear on her day out—but doesn't! A limp thing of black straw with a suitably depressed brim. With the inspiration of genius, I had kicked it once, punched it twice, dented in the crown and affixed to it a thing like a cubist's dream of a jazz carrot. The result had been distinctly chic. The carrot I had already removed, of course, and now I proceeded to undo the rest of my handiwork. The "Mary" hat resumed its former status with an additional battered appearance which made it even more depressing than formerly. I might as well look as much like the popular conception of an orphan as possible. I was just a shade nervous of Mrs. Flemming's reception, but hoped my appearance might have a sufficiently disarming effect. Mr. Flemming was nervous too. I realized that as we went up the stairs of the tall house in a quiet Kensington Square. Mrs. Flemming greeted me pleasantly enough. She was a stout, placid woman of the "good wife and mother" type. She took me up to a spotless chintz-hung bedroom, hoped I had everything I wanted, informed me that tea would be ready in about a quarter of an hour, and left me to my own devices. I heard her voice, slightly raised, as she entered the drawing-room below on the first floor. "Well, Henry, why on earth— I lost the rest, but the acerbity of the tone was evident. And a few minutes later another phrase floated up to me, in an even more acid voice: "I agree with you! She is certainly _very_ good-looking." It is really a very hard life. Men will not be nice to you if you are not good-looking, and women will not be nice to you if you are. With a deep sigh I proceeded to do things to my hair. I have nice hair. It is black—a real black, not dark brown, and it grows well back from my forehead and down over the ears. With a ruthless hand I dragged it upwards. As ears, my ears are quite all right, but there is no doubt about it, ears are _démodé_ nowadays. They are like the "Queen of Spain's legs" in Professor Peterson's young day. When I had finished I looked almost unbelievably like the kind of orphan that walks out in a queue with a little bonnet and a red cloak. I noticed when I went down that Mrs. Flemming's eyes rested on my exposed ears with quite a kindly glance. Mr. Flemming seemed puzzled. I had no doubt that he was saying to himself, "What _has_ the child done to herself?" On the whole the rest of the day passed off well. It was settled that I was to start at once to look for something to do. When I went to bed, I stared earnestly at my face in the glass. Was I really good-looking? Honestly, I couldn't say I thought so! I hadn't got a straight Grecian nose, or a rosebud mouth, or any of the things you ought to have. It is true that a curate once told me that my eyes were like "imprisoned sunshine in a dark, dark wood"—but curates always know so many quotations, and fire them off at random. I'd much prefer to have Irish blue eyes than dark green ones with yellow flecks! Still, green is a good colour for adventuresses. I wound a black garment tightly round me, leaving my arms and shoulders bare. Then I brushed back my hair and pulled it well down over my ears again. I put a lot of powder on my face, so that the skin seemed even whiter than usual. I fished about until I found some old lip-salve, and I put oceans of it on my lips. Then I did under my eyes with burnt cork. Finally, I draped a red ribbon over my bare shoulder, stuck a scarlet feather in my hair, and placed a cigarette in one corner of my mouth. The whole effect pleased me very much. "Anna the Adventuress," I said aloud, nodding at my reflection. "Anna the Adventuress. Episode I, ‘The House in Kensington'!" Girls are foolish things. In the succeeding weeks I was a good deal bored. Mrs. Flemming and her friends seemed to me to be supremely uninteresting. They talked for hours of themselves and their children and of the difficulties of getting good milk for the children and of what they said to the Dairy when the milk wasn't good. Then they would go on to servants, and the difficulties of getting good servants and of what they had said to the woman at the Registry Office and of what the woman at the Registry Office had said to them. They never seemed to read the papers or to care about what went on in the world. They disliked travelling—everything was so different to England. The Riviera was all right, of course, because one met all one's friends there. I listened and contained myself with difficulty. Most of these women were rich. The whole wide beautiful world was theirs to wander in and they deliberately stayed in dirty dull London and talked about milkmen and servants! I think now, looking back, that I was perhaps a shade intolerant. But they _were_ stupid—stupid even at their chosen job: most of them kept the most extraordinarily inadequate and muddled housekeeping accounts. My affairs did not progress very fast. The house and furniture had been sold, and the amount realized had just covered our debts. As yet, I had not been successful in finding a post. Not that I really wanted one! I had the firm conviction that, if I went about looking for adventure, adventure would meet me halfway. It is a theory of mine that one always gets what one wants. My theory was about to be proved in practice. It was early in January—the 8th, to be exact. I was returning from an unsuccessful interview with a lady who said she wanted a secretary-companion, but really seemed to require a strong charwoman who would work twelve hours a day for £25 a year. Having parted with mutual veiled impolitenesses, I walked down Edgware Road (the interview had taken place in a house in St. John's Wood) and across Hyde Park to St. George's Hospital. There I entered Hyde Park Corner Tube Station and took a ticket to Gloucester Road. Once on the platform I walked to the extreme end of it. My inquiring mind wished to satisfy itself as to whether there really _were_ points and an opening between the two tunnels just beyond the station in the direction of Down Street. I was foolishly pleased to find I was right. There were not many people on the platform, and at the extreme end there was only myself and one man. As I passed him, I sniffed dubiously. If there is one smell I cannot bear it is that of moth balls! This man's heavy overcoat simply reeked of them. And yet most men begin to wear their winter overcoats before January, and consequently by this time the smell ought to have worn off. The man was beyond me, standing close to the edge of the tunnel. He seemed lost in thought, and I was able to stare at him without rudeness. He was a small thin man, very brown of face, with light blue eyes and a small dark beard. "Just come from abroad," I deduced. "That's why his overcoat smells so. He's come from India. Not an officer, or he wouldn't have a beard. Perhaps a tea-planter." At this moment the man turned as though to retrace his steps along the platform. He glanced at me and then his eyes went on to something behind me, and his face changed. It was distorted by fear—almost panic. He stood a step backwards as though involuntarily recoiling from some danger, forgetting that he was standing on the extreme edge of the platform, and went down and over. There was a vivid flash from the rails and a crackling sound. I shrieked. People came running up. Two station officials seemed to materialize from nowhere and took command. I remained where I was, rooted to the spot by a sort of horrible fascination. Part of me was appalled at the sudden disaster, and another part of me was coolly and dispassionately interested in the methods employed for lifting the man off the live rail and back onto the platform. "Let me pass, please. I am a medical man." A tall man with a brown beard pressed past me and bent over the motionless body. As he examined it, a curious sense of unreality seemed to possess me. The thing wasn't real—couldn't be. Finally, the doctor stood upright and shook his head. "Dead as a door-nail. Nothing to be done." We had all crowded nearer, and an aggrieved porter raised his voice. "Now then, stand back there, will you? What's the sense in crowding round." A sudden nausea seized me, and I turned blindly and ran up the stairs again towards the lift. I felt that it was too horrible. I must get out into the open air. The doctor who had examined the body was just ahead of me. The lift was just about to go up, another having descended, and he broke into a run. As he did so, he dropped a piece of paper. I stopped, picked it up, and ran after him. But the lift gates clanged in my face, and I was left holding the paper in my hand. By the time the second lift reached the street level, there was no sign of my quarry. I hoped it was nothing important that he had lost, and for the first time I examined it. It was a plain half-sheet of notepaper with some figures and words scrawled upon it in pencil. This is a facsimile of it: [Indistinct cursive script which appears to say something like: "1 7 . 1 2 2 Kilmorden Castle"] On the face of it, it certainly did not appear to be of any importance. Still, I hesitated to throw it away. As I stood there holding it, I involuntarily wrinkled my nose in displeasure. Moth balls again! I held the paper gingerly to my nose. Yes, it smelt strongly of them. But, then—— I folded up the paper carefully and put it in my bag. I walked home slowly and did a good deal of thinking. I explained to Mrs. Flemming that I had witnessed a nasty accident in the Tube and that I was rather upset and would go to my room and lie down. The kind woman insisted on my having a cup of tea. After that I was left to my own devices, and I proceeded to carry out a plan I had formed coming home. I wanted to know what it was that had produced that curious feeling of unreality whilst I was watching the doctor examine the body. First I lay down on the floor in the attitude of the corpse, then I laid a bolster down in my stead, and proceeded to duplicate, so far as I could remember, every motion and gesture of the doctor. When I had finished I had got what I wanted. I sat back on my heels and frowned at the opposite walls. There was a brief notice in the evening papers that a man had been killed in the Tube, and a doubt was expressed whether it was suicide or accident. That seemed to me to make my duty clear, and when Mr. Flemming heard my story he quite agreed with me. "Undoubtedly you will be wanted at the inquest. You say no one else was near enough to see what happened?" "I had the feeling some one was coming up behind me, but I can't be sure—and, anyway, they wouldn't be as near as I was." The inquest was held. Mr. Flemming made all the arrangements and took me there with him. He seemed to fear that it would be a great ordeal to me, and I had to conceal from him my complete composure. The deceased had been identified as L. B. Carton. Nothing had been found in his pockets except a house-agent's order to view a house on the river near Marlow. It was in the name of L. B. Carton, Russell Hotel. The bureau clerk from the hotel identified the man as having arrived the day before and booked a room under that name. He had registered as L. B. Carton, Kimberley, S. Africa. He had evidently come straight off the steamer. I was the only person who had seen anything of the affair. "You think it was an accident?" the coroner asked me. "I am positive of it. Something alarmed him, and he stepped backwards blindly without thinking what he was doing." "But what could have alarmed him?" "That I don't know. But there was something. He looked panic-stricken." A stolid juryman suggested that some men were terrified of cats. The man might have seen a cat. I didn't think his suggestion a very brilliant one, but it seemed to pass muster with the jury, who were obviously impatient to get home and only too pleased at being able to give a verdict of accident as opposed to suicide. "It is extraordinary to me," said the coroner, "that the doctor who first examined the body has not come forward. His name and address should have been taken at the time. It was most irregular not to do so." I smiled to myself. I had my own theory in regard to the doctor. In pursuance of it, I determined to make a call upon Scotland Yard at an early date. But the next morning brought a surprise. The Flemmings took in the _Daily Budget,_ and the _Daily Budget_ was having a day after its own heart. EXTRAORDINARY SEQUEL TO TUBE ACCIDENT. WOMAN FOUND STABBED IN LONELY HOUSE. I read eagerly. "A sensational discovery was made yesterday at the Mill House, Marlow. The Mill House, which is the property of Sir Eustace Pedler, M.P., is to be let unfurnished, and an order to view this property was found in the pocket of the man who was at first thought to have committed suicide by throwing himself on the live rail at Hyde Park Corner Tube Station. In an upper room of the Mill House the body of a beautiful young woman was discovered yesterday, strangled. She is thought to be a foreigner, but so far has not been identified. The police are reported to have a clue. Sir Eustace Pedler, the owner of the Mill House, is wintering on the Riviera." Nobody came forward to identify the dead woman. The inquest elicited the following facts. Shortly after one o'clock on January 8th, a well-dressed woman with a slight foreign accent had entered the offices of Messrs. Butler and Park, house-agents, in Knightsbridge. She explained that she wanted to rent or purchase a house on the Thames within easy reach of London. The particulars of several were given to her, including those of the Mill House. She gave the name of Mrs. de Castina and her address as the Ritz, but there proved to be no one of that name staying there, and the hotel people failed to identify the body. Mrs. James, the wife of Sir Eustace Pedler's gardener, who acted as caretaker to the Mill House and inhabited the small lodge opening on the main road, gave evidence. About three o'clock that afternoon, a lady came to see over the house. She produced an order from the house-agents, and, as was the usual custom, Mrs. James gave her the keys of the house. It was situated at some distance from the lodge, and she was not in the habit of accompanying prospective tenants. A few minutes later a young man arrived. Mrs. James described him as tall and broad-shouldered, with a bronzed face and light grey eyes. He was clean-shaven and was wearing a brown suit. He explained to Mrs. James that he was a friend of the lady who had come to look over the house, but had stopped at the post office to send a telegram. She directed him to the house, and thought no more about the matter. Five minutes later he reappeared, handed her back the keys and explained that he feared the house would not suit them. Mrs. James did not see the lady, but thought that she had gone on ahead. What she did notice was that the young man seemed very much upset about something. "He looked like a man who'd seen a ghost. I thought he was taken ill." On the following day another lady and gentleman came to see the property and discovered the body lying on the floor in one of the upstairs rooms. Mrs. James identified it as that of the lady who had come the day before. The house-agents also recognized it as that of "Mrs. de Castina." The police surgeon gave it as his opinion that the woman had been dead about twenty-four hours. The _Daily Budget_ had jumped to the conclusion that the man in the Tube had murdered the woman and afterwards committed suicide. However, as the Tube victim was dead at two o'clock, and the woman was alive and well at three o'clock, the only logical conclusion to come to was that the two occurrences had nothing to do with each other, and that the order to view the house at Marlow found in the dead man's pocket was merely one of those coincidences which so often occur in this life. A verdict of "Wilful Murder against some person or persons unknown" was returned, and the police (and the _Daily Budget_) were left to look for "the man in the brown suit." Since Mrs. James was positive that there was no one in the house when the lady entered it, and that nobody except the young man in question entered it until the following afternoon, it seemed only logical to conclude that he was the murderer of the unfortunate Mrs. de Castina. She had been strangled with a piece of stout black cord, and had evidently been caught unawares with no time to cry out. The black silk handbag which she carried contained a well-filled notecase and some loose change, a fine lace handkerchief, unmarked, and the return half of a first-class ticket to London. Nothing much there to go upon. Such were the details published broadcast by the _Daily Budget,_ and "Find the Man in the Brown Suit" was their daily war-cry. On an average about five hundred people wrote daily to announce their success in the quest, and tall young men with well-tanned faces cursed the day when their tailors had persuaded them to a brown suit. The accident in the Tube, dismissed as a coincidence, faded out of the public mind. Was it a coincidence? I was not so sure. No doubt I was prejudiced—the Tube incident was my own pet mystery—but there certainly seemed to me to be a connection of some kind between the two fatalities. In each there was a man with a tanned face—evidently an Englishman living abroad, and there were other things. It was the consideration of these other things that finally impelled me to what I considered a dashing step. I presented myself at Scotland Yard and demanded to see whoever was in charge of the Mill House case. My request took some time to understand, as I had inadvertently selected the department for lost umbrellas, but eventually I was ushered into a small room and presented to Detective Inspector Meadows. Inspector Meadows was a small man with a ginger head and what I considered a peculiarly irritating manner. A satellite, also in plain clothes, sat unobtrusively in a corner. "Good morning," I said nervously. "Good morning. Will you take a seat? I understand you've something to tell me that you think may be of use to us." His tone seemed to indicate that such a thing was unlikely in the extreme. I felt my temper stirred. "Of course you know about the man who was killed in the The man who had an order to view this same house at Marlow in his pocket." "Ah!" said the inspector. "You are the Miss Beddingfeld who gave evidence at the inquest. Certainly the man had an order in his pocket. A lot of other people may have had too—only they didn't happen to be killed." I rallied my forces. "You don't think it odd that this man had no ticket in his pocket?" "Easiest thing in the world to drop your ticket. Done it myself." "And no money." "He had some loose change in his trousers pocket." "But no notecase." "Some men don't carry a pocket-book or notecase of any kind." I tried another tack. "You don't think it's odd that the doctor never came forward afterwards?" "A busy medical man very often doesn't read the papers. He probably forgot all about the accident." "In fact, inspector, you are determined to find nothing odd," I said sweetly. "Well, I'm inclined to think you're a little too fond of the word, Miss Beddingfeld. Young ladies are romantic, I know—fond of mysteries and such-like. But as I'm a busy man— I took the hint and rose. The man in the corner raised a meek voice. "Perhaps the young lady would tell us briefly what her ideas really are on the subject, inspector?" The inspector fell in with the suggestion readily enough. "Yes, come now, Miss Beddingfeld, don't be offended. You've asked questions and hinted things. Just say straight out what it is you've got in your head." I wavered between injured dignity and the overwhelming desire to express my theories. Injured dignity went to the wall. "You said at the inquest you were positive it wasn't suicide?" "Yes, I'm quite certain of that. The man was frightened. What frightened him? It wasn't me. But some one might have been walking up the platform towards us—some one he recognized." "You didn't see any one?" "No," I admitted. "I didn't turn my head. Then, as soon as the body was recovered from the line, a man pushed forward to examine it, saying he was a doctor." "Nothing unusual in that," said the inspector dryly. "But he wasn't a doctor." "What?" "He wasn't a doctor," I repeated. "How do you know that, Miss Beddingfeld?" "It's difficult to say, exactly. I've worked in Hospital during the war, and I've seen doctors handle bodies. There's a sort of deft professional callousness that this man hadn't got. Besides, a doctor doesn't usually feel for the heart on the right side of the body." "He did that?" "Yes, I didn't notice it specially at the time—except that I felt there was something wrong. But I worked it out when I got home, and then I saw why the whole thing had looked so unhandy to me at the time." "H'm," said the inspector. He was reaching slowly for pen and paper. "In running his hands over the upper part of the man's body he would have ample opportunity to take anything he wanted from the pockets." "Doesn't sound likely to me," said the inspector. "But—well, can you describe him at all?" "He was tall and broad-shouldered, wore a dark overcoat and black boots, a bowler hat. He had a dark pointed beard and gold-rimmed eyeglasses." "Take away the overcoat, the beard and the eyeglasses, and there wouldn't be much to know him by," grumbled the inspector. "He could alter his appearance easy enough in five minutes if he wanted to—which he would do if he's the swell pickpocket you suggest." I had not intended to suggest anything of the kind. But from this moment I gave the inspector up as hopeless. "Nothing more you can tell us about him?" he demanded, as I rose to depart. "Yes," I said. I seized my opportunity to fire a parting shot. "His head was markedly brachycephalic. He will not find it so easy to alter that." I observed with pleasure that Inspector Meadow's pen wavered. It was clear that he did not know how to spell brachycephalic. In the first heat of indignation I found my next step unexpectedly easy to tackle. I had had a half-formed plan in my head when I went into Scotland Yard. One to be carried out if my interview there was unsatisfactory (it had been profoundly unsatisfactory). That is, if I had the nerve to go through with it. Things that one would shrink from attempting normally are easily tackled in a flush of anger. Without giving myself time to reflect, I walked straight to the house of Lord Nasby. Lord Nasby was the millionaire owner of the _Daily Budget._ He owned other papers—several of them, but the _Daily Budget_ was his special child. It was as the owner of the _Daily Budget_ that he was known to every householder in the United Kingdom. Owing to the fact that an itinerary of the great man's daily proceedings had just been published, I knew exactly where to find him at this moment. It was his hour for dictating to his secretary in his own house. I did not, of course, suppose that any young woman who chose to come and ask for him would be at once admitted to the august presence. But I had attended to that side of the matter. In the card-tray in the hall of the Flemmings' house I had observed the card of the Marquis of Loamsley, England's most famous sporting peer. I had removed the card, cleaned it carefully with bread-crumbs, and pencilled upon it the words: "Please give Miss Beddingfeld a few moments of your time." Adventuresses must not be too scrupulous in their methods. The thing worked. A powdered footman received the card and bore it away. Presently a pale secretary appeared. I fenced with him successfully. He retired defeated. He again reappeared and begged me to follow him. I did so. I entered a large room, a frightened-looking shorthand-typist fled past me like a visitant from the spirit-world. Then the door shut and I was face to face with Lord Nasby. A big man. Big head. Big face. Big moustache. Big stomach. I pulled myself together. I had not come here to comment on Lord Nasby's stomach. He was already roaring at me. "Well, what is it? What does Loamsley want? You his secretary? What's it all about?" "To begin with," I said with as great an appearance of coolness as I could manage, "I don't know Lord Loamsley, and he certainly knows nothing about me. I took his card from the tray in the house of the people I'm staying with, and I wrote those words on it myself. It was important that I should see you." For a moment it appeared to be a toss up as to whether Lord Nasby had apoplexy or not. In the end, he swallowed twice and got over it. "I admire your coolness, young woman. Well, you see me! If you interest me, you will continue to see me for exactly two minutes longer." "That will be ample," I replied. "And I shall interest you. It's the Mill House Mystery." "If you've found ‘The Man in the Brown Suit,' write to the Editor," he interrupted hastily. "If you will interrupt, I shall be more than two minutes," I said sternly. "I haven't found ‘The Man in the Brown Suit,' but I'm quite likely to do so." In as few words as possible I put the facts of the Tube accident and the conclusions I had drawn from them before him. When I had finished he said unexpectedly: "What do you know of brachycephalic heads?" I mentioned Papa. "The Monkey man? Eh? Well, you seem to have a head of some kind upon your own shoulders, young woman. But it's all pretty thin, you know. Not much to go upon. And no use to us—as it stands." "I'm perfectly aware of that." "What d'you want, then?" "I want a job on your paper to investigate this matter." "Can't do that. We've got our own special man on it." "And I've got my own special knowledge." "What you've just told me, eh?" "Oh, no, Lord Nasby. I've still got something up my sleeve." "Oh, you have, have you? You seem a bright sort of girl. Well, what is it?" "When this so-called doctor got into the lift, he dropped a piece of paper. I picked it up. It smelt of moth balls. So did the dead man. The doctor didn't. So I saw at once that the doctor must have taken it off the body. It had two words written on it and some figures." "Let's see it." Lord Nasby stretched out a careless hand. "I think not," I said, smiling. "It's my find, you see." "I'm right. You _are_ a bright girl. Quite right to hang on to it. No scruples about not handing it over to the police?" "I went there to do so this morning. They persisted in regarding the whole thing as having nothing to do with the Marlow affair, so I thought that in the circumstances I was justified in retaining the paper. Besides, the inspector put my back up." "Short-sighted man. Well, my dear girl, here's all I can do for you. Go on working on this line of yours. If you get anything—anything that's publishable—send it along and you shall have your chance. There's always room for real talent on the _Daily Budget._ But you've got to make good first. See?" I thanked him, and apologized for my methods. "Don't mention it. I rather like cheek—from a pretty girl. By the way, you said two minutes and you've been three, allowing for interruptions. For a woman, that's quite remarkable! Must be your scientific training." I was in the street again, breathing hard as though I had been running. I found Lord Nasby rather wearing as a new acquaintance. I went home with a feeling of exultation. My scheme had succeeded far better than I could possibly have hoped. Lord Nasby had been positively genial. It only now remained for me to "Make good," as he expressed it. Once locked in my own room, I took out my precious piece of paper and studied it attentively. Here was the clue to the mystery. To begin with, what did the figures represent? There were five of them, and a dot after the first two. "Seventeen—one hundred and twenty-two," I murmured. That did not seem to lead to anything. Next I added them up. That is often done in works of fiction and leads to surprising deductions. "One and seven make eight and one is nine and two are eleven and two are thirteen." Thirteen! Fateful number! Was this a warning to me to leave the whole thing alone? Very possibly. Anyway, except as a warning, it seemed to be singularly useless. I declined to believe that any conspirator would take that way of writing thirteen in real life. If he meant thirteen, he would write thirteen. "13"—like that. There was a space between the one and the two. I accordingly subtracted twenty-two from a hundred and seventy-one. The result was a hundred and fifty-nine. I did it again and made it a hundred and forty-nine. These arithmetical exercises were doubtless excellent practice, but as regarded the solution of the mystery, they seemed totally ineffectual. I left arithmetic alone, not attempting fancy division or multiplication, and went on to the words. Kilmorden Castle. That was something definite. A place. Probably the cradle of an aristocratic family. (Missing heir? Claimant to title?) Or possibly a picturesque ruin. (Buried treasure?) Yes, on the whole I inclined to the theory of buried treasure. Figures always go with buried treasure. One pace to the right, seven paces to the left, dig one foot, descend twenty-two steps. That sort of idea. I could work out that later. The thing was to get to Kilmorden Castle as quickly as possible. I made a strategic sally from my room and returned laden with books of reference. _Who's Who_, Whitaker, a Gazetteer, a History of Scotch Ancestral Homes, and Somebody or other's British Isles. Time passed. I searched diligently, but with growing annoyance. Finally, I shut the last book with a bang. There appeared to be no such place as Kilmorden Castle. Here was an unexpected check. There _must_ be such a place. Why should any one invent a name like that and write it down on a piece of paper? Absurd! Another idea occurred to me. Possibly it was a castellated abomination in the suburbs with a high-sounding name invented by its owner. But if so, it was going to be extraordinarily hard to find. I sat back gloomily on my heels (I always sit on the floor to do anything really important) and wondered how on earth I was to set about it. Was there any other line I could follow? I reflected earnestly and then sprang to my feet delightedly. Of course! I must visit the "scene of the crime." Always done by the best sleuths! And no matter how long afterwards it may be, they always find something that the police have overlooked. My course was clear. I must go to Marlow. But how was I to get into the house? I discarded several adventurous methods, and plumped for stern simplicity. The house had been to let—presumably was still to let. I would be a prospective tenant. I also decided on attacking the local house-agents, as having fewer houses on their books. Here, however, I reckoned without my host. A pleasant clerk produced particulars of about half a dozen desirable properties. It took all my ingenuity to find objections to them. In the end I feared I had drawn a blank. "And you've really nothing else?" I asked, gazing pathetically into the clerk's eyes. "Something right on the river, and with a fair amount of garden and a small lodge," I added, summing up the main points of the Mill House, as I had gathered them from the papers. "Well, of course there's Sir Eustace Pedler's place," said the man doubtfully. "The Mill House, you know." "Not—not where— I faltered. (Really, faltering is getting to be my strong point.) "That's it! Where the murder took place. But perhaps you wouldn't like— "Oh, I don't think I should mind," I said with an appearance of rallying. I felt my _bona fides_ was now quite established. "And perhaps I might get it cheap—in the circumstances." A master touch that, I thought. "Well, it's possible. There's no pretending that it will be easy to let now—servants and all that, you know. If you like the place after you've seen it, I should advise you to make an offer. Shall I write you out an order?" "If you please." A quarter of an hour later I was at the lodge of the Mill House. In answer to my knock, the door flew open and a tall middle-aged woman literally bounced out. "Nobody can go into the house, do you hear that? Fairly sick of you reporters, I am. Sir Eustace's orders are— "I understood the house was to let," I said freezingly, holding out my order. "Of course, if it's already taken— "Oh, I'm sure I beg your pardon, miss. I've been fairly pestered with these newspaper people. Not a minute's peace. No, the house isn't let—nor likely to be now." "Are the drains wrong?" I asked in an anxious whisper. "Oh, Lord, miss, the _drains_ is all right! But surely you've heard about that foreign lady as was done to death here?" "I believe I did read something about it in the papers," I said carelessly. My indifference piqued the good woman. If I had betrayed any interest, she would probably have closed up like an oyster. As it was, she positively bridled. "I should say you did, miss! It's been in all the newspapers. The _Daily Budget's_ out still to catch the man who did it. It seems, according to them, as our police are no good at all. Well, I hope they'll get him—although a nice-looking young fellow he was and no mistake. A kind of soldierly look about him—ah, well, I dare say he'd been wounded in the war, and sometimes they go a bit queer afterwards, my sister's boy did. Perhaps she'd used him bad—they're a bad lot, those foreigners. Though she was a fine-looking woman. Stood there where you're standing now." "Was she dark or fair?" I ventured. "You can't tell from these newspaper portraits." "Dark hair, and a very white face—too white for nature, I thought, and her lips reddened something cruel. I don't like to see it—a little powder now and then is quite another thing." We were conversing like old friends now. I put another question. "Did she seem nervous or upset at all?" "Not a bit. She was smiling to herself, quiet like, as though she was amused at something. That's why you could have knocked me down with a feather when, the next afternoon, those people came running out calling for the police and saying there'd been murder done. I shall never get over it, and as for setting foot in that house after dark I wouldn't do it, not if it was ever so. Why, I wouldn't even stay here at the lodge, if Sir Eustace hadn't been down on his bended knees to me." "I thought Sir Eustace Pedler was at Cannes?" "So he was, miss. He come back to England when he heard the news, and, as to the bended knees, that was a figure of speech, his secretary, Mr. Pagett, having offered us double pay to stay on, and, as my John says, money is money nowadays." I concurred heartily with John's by no means original remarks. "The young man now," said Mrs. James, reverting suddenly to a former point in the conversation. "He was upset. His eyes, light eyes, they were, I noticed them particular, was all shining. Excited, _I_ thought. But I never dreamt of anything being wrong. Not even when he came out again looking all queer." "How long was he in the house?" "Oh, not long, a matter of five minutes maybe." "How tall was he, do you think? About six foot?" "I should say so maybe." "He was clean-shaven, you say?" "Yes, miss—not even one of these toothbrush moustaches." "Was his chin at all shiny?" I asked on a sudden impulse. Mrs. James stared at me with awe. "Well, now you come to mention it, miss, it _was._ However did you know?" "It's a curious thing, but murderers often have shiny chins," I explained wildly. Mrs. James accepted the statement in all good faith. "Really, now, miss. I never heard that before." "You didn't notice what kind of a head he had, I suppose?" "Just the ordinary kind, miss. I'll fetch you the keys, shall I?" I accepted them, and went on my way to the Mill House. My reconstructions so far I considered good. All along I had realized that the differences between the man Mrs. James had described and my Tube "doctor" were those of non-essentials. An overcoat, a beard, gold-rimmed eyeglasses. The "doctor" had appeared middle-aged, but I remembered that he had stooped over the body like a comparatively young man. There had been a suppleness which told of young joints. The victim of the accident (the Moth Ball man, as I called him to myself) and the foreign woman, Mrs. de Castina, or whatever her real name was, had had an assignation to meet at the Mill House. That was how I pieced the thing together. Either because they feared they were being watched or for some other reason, they chose the rather ingenious method of both getting an order to view the same house. Thus their meeting there might have the appearance of pure chance. That the Moth Ball man had suddenly caught sight of the "doctor," and that the meeting was totally unexpected and alarming to him, was another fact of which I was fairly sure. What had happened next? The "doctor" had removed his disguise and followed the woman to Marlow. But it was possible that had he removed it rather hastily traces of spirit-gum might still linger on his chin. Hence my question to Mrs. James. Whilst occupied with my thoughts I had arrived at the low old-fashioned door of the Mill House. Unlocking it with the key, I passed inside. The hall was low and dark, the place smelt forlorn and mildewy. In spite of myself, I shivered. Did the woman who had come here "smiling to herself" a few days ago feel no chill of premonition as she entered this house? I wondered. Did the smile fade from her lips, and did a nameless dread close round her heart? Or had she gone upstairs, smiling still, unconscious of the doom that My heart beat a little faster. Was the house really empty? Was doom waiting for me in it also? For the first time, I understood the meaning of the much-used word, "atmosphere." There was an atmosphere in this house, an atmosphere of cruelty, of menace, of evil. Shaking off the feelings that oppressed me, I went quickly upstairs. I had no difficulty in finding the room of the tragedy. On the day the body was discovered it had rained heavily, and large muddy boots had trampled the uncarpeted floor in every direction. I wondered if the murderer had left any footmarks the previous day. It was likely that the police would be reticent on the subject if he had, but on consideration I decided it was unlikely. The weather had been fine and dry. There was nothing of interest about the room. It was almost square with two big bay windows, plain white walls and a bare floor, the boards being stained round the edges where the carpet had ceased. I searched it carefully, but there was not so much as a pin lying about. The gifted young detective did not seem likely to discover a neglected clue. I had brought with me a pencil and notebook. There did not seem much to note, but I duly dotted down a brief sketch of the room to cover my disappointment at the failure of my quest. As I was in the act of returning the pencil to my bag, it slipped from my fingers and rolled along the floor. The Mill House was really old, and the floors were very uneven. The pencil rolled steadily, with increasing momentum, until it came to rest under one of the windows. In the recess of each window there was a broad window-seat, underneath which there was a cupboard. My pencil was lying right against the cupboard door. The cupboard was shut, but it suddenly occurred to me that if it had been open my pencil would have rolled inside. I opened the door, and my pencil immediately rolled in and sheltered modestly in the farthest corner. I retrieved it, noting as I did so that owing to the lack of light and the peculiar formation of the cupboard one could not see it, but had to feel for it. Apart from my pencil the cupboard was empty, but being thorough by nature I tried the one under the opposite window. At first sight, it looked as though that also was empty, but I grubbed about perseveringly, and was rewarded by feeling my hand close on a hard paper cylinder which lay in a sort of trough, or depression, in the far corner of the cupboard. As soon as I had it in my hand, I knew what it was. A roll of Kodak films. Here was a find! I realized, of course, that these films might very well be an old roll belonging to Sir Eustace Pedler which had rolled in here and had not been found when the cupboard was emptied. But I did not think so. The red paper was far too fresh-looking. It was just as dusty as it would have been had it laid there for two or three days—that is to say, since the murder. Had it been there for any length of time, it would have been thickly coated. Who had dropped it? The woman or the man? I remembered that the contents of her handbag had appeared to be intact. If it had been jerked open in the struggle and the roll of films had fallen out, surely some of the loose money would have been scattered about also? No, it was not the woman who had dropped the films. I sniffed suddenly and suspiciously. Was the smell of moth balls becoming an obsession with me? I could swear that the roll of films smelt of it also? I held them under my nose. They had, as usual, a strong smell of their own, but apart from that I could clearly detect the odour I disliked so much. I soon found the cause. A minute shred of cloth had caught on a rough edge of the centre wood, and that shred was strongly impregnated with moth balls. At some time or another the films had been carried in the overcoat pocket of the man who was killed in the Tube. Was it he who had dropped them here? Hardly. His movements were all accounted for. No, it was the other man, the "doctor." He had taken the films when he had taken the paper. It was he who had dropped them here during his struggle with the woman. I had got my clue! I would have the roll developed, and then I would have further developments to work upon. Very elated, I left the house, returned the keys to Mrs. James and made my way as quickly as possible to the station. On the way back to town, I took out my paper and studied it afresh. Suddenly the figures took on a new significance. Suppose they were a date? 17 1 22. The 17th of January, 1922. Surely that must be it! Idiot that I was not to have thought of it before. But in that case I _must_ find out the whereabouts of Kilmorden Castle, for to-day was actually the 14th. Three days. Little enough—almost hopeless when one had no idea of where to look! It was too late to hand in my roll to-day. I had to hurry home to Kensington so as not to be late for dinner. It occurred to me that there was an easy way of verifying whether some of my conclusions were correct. I asked Mr. Flemming whether there had been a camera amongst the dead man's belongings. I knew that he had taken an interest in the case and was conversant with all the details. To my surprise and annoyance he replied that there had been no camera. All Carton's effects had been gone over very carefully in the hopes of finding something that might throw light upon his state of mind. He was positive that there had been no photographic apparatus of any kind. That was rather a set-back to my theory. If he had no camera, why should he be carrying a roll of films? I set out early next morning to take my precious roll to be developed. I was so fussy that I went all the way to Regent Street to the big Kodak place. I handed it in and asked for a print of each film. The man finished stacking together a heap of films packed in yellow tin cylinders for the tropics, and picked up my roll. He looked at me. "You've made a mistake, I think," he said, smiling. "Oh, no," I said. "I'm sure I haven't." "You've given me the wrong roll. This is an _unexposed_ one." I walked out with what dignity I could muster. I dare say it is good for one now and again to realize what an idiot one can be! But nobody relishes the process. And then, just as I was passing one of the big shipping offices, I came to a sudden halt. In the window was a beautiful model of one of the company's boats, and it was labelled "Kenilworth Castle." A wild idea shot through my brain. I pushed the door open and went in. I went up to the counter and in faltering voice (genuine this time!) I murmured: "Kilmorden Castle?" "On the 17th from Southampton. Cape Town? First or second class?" "How much is it?" "First class, eighty-seven pounds— I interrupted him. The coincidence was too much for me. Exactly the amount of my legacy! I would put all my eggs in one basket. "First class," I said. I was now definitely committed to the adventure. _(Extracts from the diary of Sir Eustace Pedler, M.P. )_ It is an extraordinary thing that I never seem to get any peace. I am a man who likes a quiet life. I like my Club, my rubber of Bridge, a well-cooked meal, a sound wine. I like England in the summer, and the Riviera in the winter. I have no desire to participate in sensational happenings. Sometimes, in front of a good fire, I do not object to reading about them in the newspaper. But that is as far as I am willing to go. My object in life is to be thoroughly comfortable. I have devoted a certain amount of thought, and a considerable amount of money, to further that end. But I cannot say that I always succeed. If things do not actually happen to me, they happen round me, and frequently, in spite of myself, I become involved. I hate being involved. All this because Guy Pagett came into my bedroom this morning with a telegram in his hand and a face as long as a mute at a funeral. Guy Pagett is my secretary, a zealous, painstaking, hard-working fellow, admirable in every respect. I know no one who annoys me more. For a long time I have been racking my brains as to how to get rid of him. But you cannot very well dismiss a secretary because he prefers work to play, likes getting up early in the morning, and has positively no vices. The only amusing thing about the fellow is his face. He has the face of a fourteenth-century poisoner—the sort of man the Borgias got to do their odd jobs for them. I wouldn't mind so much if Pagett didn't make me work too. My idea of work is something that should be undertaken lightly and airily—trifled with, in fact! I doubt if Guy Pagett has ever trifled with anything in his life. He takes everything seriously. That is what makes him so difficult to live with. Last week I had the brilliant idea of sending him off to Florence. He talked about Florence and how much he wanted to go there. "My dear fellow," I cried, "you shall go to-morrow. I will pay all your expenses." January isn't the usual time for going to Florence, but it would be all one to Pagett. I could imagine him going about, guide-book in hand, religiously doing all the picture galleries. And a week's freedom was cheap to me at the price. It has been a delightful week. I have done everything I wanted to, and nothing that I did not want to do. But when I blinked my eyes open, and perceived Pagett standing between me and the light at the unearthly hour of 9 a.m. this morning, I realized that freedom was over. "My dear fellow," I said, "has the funeral already taken place, or is it for later in the morning?" Pagett does not appreciate dry humour. He merely stared. "So you know, Sir Eustace?" "Know what?" I said crossly. "From the expression of your face I inferred that one of your near and dear relatives was to be interred this morning." Pagett ignored the sally as far as possible. "I thought you couldn't know about this." He tapped the telegram. "I know you dislike being aroused early—but it _is_ nine o'clock"—Pagett insists on regarding 9 a.m. as practically the middle of the day and I thought that under the circumstances— He tapped the telegram again. "What is that thing?" I asked. "It's a telegram from the police at Marlow. A woman has been murdered in your house." That aroused me in earnest. "What colossal cheek," I exclaimed. "Why in _my_ house? Who murdered her?" "They don't say. I suppose we shall go back to England at once, Sir Eustace?" "You need suppose nothing of the kind. Why should we go back?" "The police— "What on earth have I to do with the police?" "Well, it was your house." "That," I said, "appears to be more my misfortune than my fault." Guy Pagett shook his head gloomily. "It will have a very unfortunate effect upon the constituency," he remarked lugubriously. I don't see why it should have—and yet I have a feeling that in such matters Pagett's instincts are always right. On the face of it, a Member of Parliament will be none the less efficient because a stray young woman comes and gets herself murdered in an empty house that belongs to him—but there is no accounting for the view the respectable British public takes of a matter. "She's a foreigner too, and that makes it worse," continued Pagett gloomily. Again I believe he is right. If it is disreputable to have a woman murdered in your house, it becomes more disreputable if the woman is a foreigner. Another idea struck me. "Good heavens," I exclaimed, "I hope this won't upset Caroline." Caroline is the lady who cooks for me. Incidentally she is the wife of my gardener. What kind of a wife she makes I do not know, but she is an excellent cook. James, on the other hand, is not a good gardener—but I support him in idleness and give him the lodge to live in solely on account of Caroline's cooking. "I don't suppose she'll stay after this," said Pagett. "You always were a cheerful fellow," I said. I expect I shall have to go back to England. Pagett clearly intends that I shall. And there is Caroline to pacify. _Three days later._ It is incredible to me that any one who can get away from England in winter does not do so! It is an abominable climate. All this trouble is very annoying. The house-agents say it will be next to impossible to let the Mill House after all the publicity. Caroline has been pacified—with double pay. We could have sent her a cable to that effect from Cannes. In fact, as I have said all along, there was no earthly purpose to serve by our coming over. I shall go back to-morrow. _One day later._ Several very surprising things have occurred. To begin with, I met Augustus Milray, the most perfect example of an old ass the present Government has produced. His manner oozed diplomatic secrecy as he drew me aside in the Club into a quiet corner. He talked a good deal. About South Africa and the industrial situation there. About the growing rumours of a strike on the Rand. Of the secret causes actuating that strike. I listened as patiently as I could. Finally, he dropped his voice to a whisper and explained that certain documents had come to light which ought to be placed in the hands of General Smuts. "I've no doubt you're quite right," I said, stifling a yawn. "But how are we to get them to him? Our position in the matter is delicate—very delicate." "What's wrong with the post?" I said cheerfully. "Put a two-penny stamp on and drop 'em in the nearest letter-box." He seemed quite shocked at the suggestion. "My dear Pedler! The common post!" It has always been a mystery to me why Governments employ Kings' Messengers and draw such attention to their confidential documents. "If you don't like the post, send one of your young Foreign Office fellows. He'll enjoy the trip." "Impossible," said Milray, wagging his head in a senile fashion. "There are reasons, my dear Pedler—I assure you there are reasons." "Well," I said, rising, "all this is very interesting, but I must be off— "One minute, my dear Pedler, one minute, I beg of you. Now tell me, in confidence, is it not true that you intend visiting South Africa shortly yourself? You have large interests in Rhodesia, I know, and the question of Rhodesia joining in the Union is one in which you have a vital interest." "Well, I had thought of going out in about a month's time." "You couldn't possibly make it sooner? This month? This week, in fact?" "I could," I said, eyeing him with some interest. "But I don't know that I particularly want to." "You would be doing the Government a great service—a very great service. You would not find them—er—ungrateful." "Meaning, you want me to be the postman?" "Exactly. Your position is an unofficial one, your journey is _bona fide._ Everything would be eminently satisfactory." "Well," I said slowly, "I don't mind if I do. The one thing I am anxious to do is to get out of England again as soon as possible." "You will find the climate of South Africa delightful—quite delightful." "My dear fellow, I know all about the climate. I was out there shortly before the war." "I am really much obliged to you, Pedler. I will send you round the package by messenger. To be placed in General Smuts's own hands, you understand? The _Kilmorden Castle_ sails on Saturday—quite a good boat." I accompanied him a short way along Pall Mall before we parted. He shook me warmly by the hand, and thanked me again effusively. I walked home reflecting on the curious by-ways of Governmental policy. It was the following evening that Jarvis, my butler, informed me that a gentleman wished to see me on private business, but declined to give his name. I have always a lively apprehension of insurance touts, so told Jarvis to say I could not see him. Guy Pagett, unfortunately, when he might for once have been of real use, was laid up with a bilious attack. These earnest, hard-working young men with weak stomachs are always liable to bilious attacks. Jarvis returned. "The gentleman asked me to tell you, Sir Eustace, that he comes to you from Mr. Milray." That altered the complexion of things. A few minutes later I was confronting my visitor in the library. He was a well-built young fellow with a deeply tanned face. A scar ran diagonally from the corner of his eye to the jaw, disfiguring what would otherwise have been a handsome though somewhat reckless countenance. "Well," I said, "what's the matter?" "Mr. Milray sent me to you, Sir Eustace. I am to accompany you to South Africa as your secretary." "My dear fellow," I said, "I've got a secretary already. I don't want another." "I think you do, Sir Eustace. Where is your secretary now?" "He's down with a bilious attack," I explained. "You are sure it's only a bilious attack?" "Of course it is. He's subject to them." My visitor smiled. "It may or may not be a bilious attack. Time will show. But I can tell you this, Sir Eustace, Mr. Milray would not be surprised if an attempt were made to get your secretary out of the way. Oh, you need have no fear for yourself"—I suppose a momentary alarm had flickered across my face you are not threatened. Your secretary out of the way, access to you would be easier. In any case, Mr. Milray wishes me to accompany you. The passage-money will be our affair, of course, but you will take the necessary steps about the passport, as though you had decided that you needed the services of a second secretary." He seemed a determined young man. We stared at each other and he stared me down. "Very well," I said feebly. "You will say nothing to any one as to my accompanying you." "Very well," I said again. After all, perhaps it was better to have this fellow with me, but I had a premonition that I was getting into deep waters. Just when I thought I had attained peace! I stopped my visitor as he was turning to depart. "It might be just as well if I knew my new secretary's name," I observed sarcastically. He considered for a minute. "Harry Rayburn seems quite a suitable name," he observed. It was a curious way of putting it. "Very well," I said for the third time. _(Anne's Narrative Resumed)_ It is most undignified for a heroine to be sea-sick. In books the more it rolls and tosses, the better she likes it. When everybody else is ill, she alone staggers along the deck, braving the elements and positively rejoicing in the storm. I regret to say that at the first roll the _Kilmorden_ gave, I turned pale and hastened below. A sympathetic stewardess received me. She suggested dry toast and ginger ale. I remained groaning in my cabin for three days. Forgotten was my quest. I had no longer any interest in solving mysteries. I was a totally different Anne to the one who had rushed back to the South Kensington square so jubilantly from the shipping office. I smile now as I remember my abrupt entry into the drawing-room. Mrs. Flemming was alone there. She turned her head as I entered. "Is that you, Anne, my dear? There is something I want to talk over with you." "Yes?" I said, curbing my impatience. "Miss Emery is leaving me." Miss Emery was the governness. "As you have I was touched. She didn't want me, I knew. It was sheer Christian charity that prompted the offer. I felt remorseful for my secret criticism of her. Getting up, I ran impulsively across the room and flung my arms round her neck. "You're a dear," I said. "A dear, a dear, a dear! And thank you ever so much. But it's all right, I'm off to South Africa on Saturday." My abrupt onslaught had startled the good lady. She was not used to sudden demonstrations of affection. My words startled her still more. "To South Africa? My dear Anne. We would have to look into anything of that kind very carefully." That was the last thing I wanted. I explained that I had already taken my passage, and that upon arrival I proposed to take up the duties of a parlourmaid. It was the only thing I could think of on the spur of the moment. There was, I said, a great demand for parlourmaids in South Africa. I assured her that I was equal to taking care of myself, and in the end, with a sigh of relief at getting me off her hands, she accepted the project without further query. At parting, she slipped an envelope into my hand. Inside it I found five new crisp five-pound notes and the words: "I hope you will not be offended and will accept this with my love." She was a very good, kind woman. I could not have continued to live in the same house with her, but I did recognize her intrinsic worth. So here I was, with twenty-five pounds in my pocket, facing the world and pursuing my adventure. It was on the fourth day that the stewardess finally urged me up on deck. Under the impression that I should die quicker below, I had steadfastly refused to leave my bunk. She now tempted me with the advent of Madeira. Hope rose in my breast. I could leave the boat and go ashore and be a parlourmaid there. Anything for dry land. Muffled in coats and rugs, and weak as a kitten on my legs, I was hauled up and deposited, an inert mass, on a deck-chair. I lay there with my eyes closed, hating life. The purser, a fair-haired young man, with a round boyish face, came and sat down beside me. "Hullo! Feeling rather sorry for yourself, eh?" "Yes," I replied, hating him. "Ah, you won't know yourself in another day or two. We've had rather a nasty dusting in the Bay, but there's smooth weather ahead. I'll be taking you on at quoits to-morrow." I did not reply. "Think you'll never recover, eh? But I've seen people much worse than you, and two days later they were the life and soul of the ship. You'll be the same." I did not feel sufficiently pugnacious to tell him outright that he was a liar. I endeavoured to convey it by a glance. He chatted pleasantly for a few minutes more, then he mercifully departed. People passed and repassed, brisk couples "exercising," curveting children, laughing young people. A few other pallid sufferers lay, like myself, in deck-chairs. The air was pleasant, crisp, not too cold, and the sun was shining brightly. Insensibly, I felt a little cheered. I began to watch the people. One woman in particular attracted me. She was about thirty, of medium height and very fair with a round dimpled face and very blue eyes. Her clothes, though perfectly plain, had that indefinable air of "cut" about them which spoke of Paris. Also, in a pleasant but self-possessed way, she seemed to own the ship! Deck stewards ran to and fro obeying her commands. She had a special deck-chair, and an apparently inexhaustible supply of cushions. She changed her mind three times as to where she would like it placed. Throughout everything she remained attractive and charming. She appeared to be one of those rare people in the world who know what they want, see that they get it, and manage to do so without being offensive. I decided that if I ever recovered—but of course I shouldn't—it would amuse me to talk to her. We reached Madeira about midday. I was still too inert to move, but I enjoyed the picturesque-looking merchants who came on board and spread their merchandise about the decks. There were flowers too. I buried my nose in an enormous bunch of sweet wet violets and felt distinctly better. In fact, I thought I might just possibly last out the end of the voyage. When my stewardess spoke of the attractions of a little chicken broth, I only protested feebly. When it came I enjoyed it. My attractive woman had been ashore. She came back escorted by a tall, soldierly-looking man with dark hair and a bronzed face whom I had noticed striding up and down the deck earlier in the day. I put him down at once as one of the strong, silent men of Rhodesia. He was about forty, with a touch of greying hair at either temple, and was easily the best-looking man on board. When the stewardess brought me up an extra rug I asked her if she knew who my attractive woman was. "That's a well-known society lady, the Hon. Mrs. Clarence Blair. You must have read about her in the papers." I nodded, looking at her with renewed interest. Mrs. Blair was very well known indeed as one of the smartest women of the day. I observed, with some amusement, that she was the centre of a good deal of attention. Several people essayed to scrape acquaintance with the pleasant informality that a boat allows. I admired the polite way that Mrs. Blair snubbed them. She appeared to have adopted the strong, silent man as her special cavalier, and he seemed duly sensible of the privilege accorded him. The following morning, to my surprise, after taking a few turns round the deck with her attentive companion, Mrs. Blair came to a halt by my chair. "Feeling better this morning?" I thanked her, and said I felt slightly more like a human being. "You did look ill yesterday. Colonel Race and I decided that we should have the excitement of a funeral at sea—but you've disappointed us." I laughed. "Being up in the air has done me good." "Nothing like fresh air," said Colonel Race, smiling. "Being shut up in those stuffy cabins would kill any one," declared Mrs. Blair, dropping into a seat by my side and dismissing her companion with a little nod. "You've got an outside one, I hope?" I shook my head. "My dear girl! Why don't you change? There's plenty of room. A lot of people got off at Madeira, and the boat's very empty. Talk to the purser about it. He's a nice little boy—he changed me into a beautiful cabin because I didn't care for the one I'd got. You talk to him at lunch-time when you go down." I shuddered. "I couldn't move." "Don't be silly. Come and take a walk now with me." She dimpled at me encouragingly. I felt very weak on my legs at first, but as we walked briskly up and down I began to feel a brighter and better being. After a turn or two, Colonel Race joined us again. "You can see the Grand Peak of Tenerife from the other side." "Can we? Can I get a photograph of it, do you think?" "No—but that won't deter you from snapping off at it." Mrs. Blair laughed. "You are unkind. Some of my photographs are very good." "About three per cent effective, I should say." We all went round to the other side of the deck. There glimmering white and snowy, enveloped in a delicate rose-coloured mist, rose the glistening pinnacle. I uttered an exclamation of delight. Mrs. Blair ran for her camera. Undeterred by Colonel Race's sardonic comments, she snapped vigorously: "There, that's the end of the roll. Oh," her tone changed to one of chagrin, "I've had the thing at ‘bulb' all the time." "I always like to see a child with a new toy," murmured the Colonel. "How horrid you are—but I've got another roll." She produced it in triumph from the pocket of her sweater. A sudden roll of the boat upset her balance, and as she caught at the rail to steady herself the roll of films flashed over the side. "Oh!" cried Mrs. Blair, comically dismayed. She leaned over. "Do you think they have gone overboard?" "No, you may have been fortunate enough to brain an unlucky steward in the deck below." A small boy who had arrived unobserved a few paces to our rear blew a deafening blast on a bugle. "Lunch," declared Mrs. Blair ecstatically. "I've had nothing to eat since breakfast, except two cups of beef-tea. Lunch, Miss Beddingfeld?" "Well," I said waveringly. "Yes, I _do_ feel rather hungry." "Splendid. You're sitting at the purser's table, I know. Tackle him about the cabin." I found my way down to the saloon, began to eat gingerly, and finished by consuming an enormous meal. My friend of yesterday congratulated me on my recovery. Every one was changing cabins to-day, he told me, and he promised that my things should be moved to an outside one without delay. There were only four at our table, myself, a couple of elderly ladies, and a missionary who talked a lot about "our poor black brothers." I looked round at the other tables. Mrs. Blair was sitting at the Captain's table, Colonel Race next to her. On the other side of the Captain was a distinguished-looking, grey-haired man. A good many people I had already noticed on deck, but there was one man who had not previously appeared. Had he done so, he could hardly have escaped my notice. He was tall and dark, and had such a peculiarly sinister type of countenance that I was quite startled. I asked the purser, with some curiosity, who he was. "That man? Oh, that's Sir Eustace Pedler's secretary. Been very sea-sick, poor chap, and not appeared before. Sir Eustace has got two secretaries with him, and the sea's been too much for both of them. The other fellow hasn't turned up yet. This man's name is Pagett." So Sir Eustace Pedler, the owner of the Mill House, was on board. Probably only a coincidence, and yet—— "That's Sir Eustace," my informant continued, "sitting next to the Captain. Pompous old ass." The more I studied the secretary's face, the less I liked it. Its even pallor, the secretive, heavy-lidded eyes, the curiously flattened head—it all gave me a feeling of distaste, of apprehension. Leaving the saloon at the same time as he did, I was close behind him as he went up on deck. He was speaking to Sir Eustace, and I overheard a fragment or two. "I'll see about the cabin at once then, shall I? It's impossible to work in yours, with all your trunks." "My dear fellow," Sir Eustace replied. "My cabin is intended (a) for me to sleep in, and (b) to attempt to dress in. I never had any intentions of allowing you to sprawl about the place making an infernal clicking with that typewriter of yours." "That's just what I say, Sir Eustace, we must have somewhere to work— Here I parted company from them, and went below to see if my removal was in progress. I found my steward busy at the task. "Very nice cabin, miss. On D deck. No. 13." "Oh, no!" I cried. "_Not_ 13." Thirteen is the one thing I am superstitious about. It was a nice cabin too. I inspected it, wavered, but a foolish superstition prevailed. I appealed almost tearfully to the steward. "Isn't there any other cabin I can have?" The steward reflected. "Well, there's 17, just along on the starboard side. That was empty this morning, but I rather fancy it's been allotted to some one. Still, as the gentleman's things aren't in yet, and as gentlemen aren't anything like so superstitious as ladies, I dare say he wouldn't mind changing." I hailed the proposition gratefully, and the steward departed to obtain permission from the purser. He returned grinning. "That's all right, miss. We can go along." He led the way to 17. It was not quite as large as No. 13, but I found it eminently satisfactory. "I'll fetch your things right away, miss," said the steward. But at that moment, the man with the sinister face (as I had nicknamed him) appeared in the doorway. "Excuse me," he said, "but this cabin is reserved for the use of Sir Eustace Pedler." "That's all right, sir," explained the steward. "We're fitting up No. 13 instead." "No, it was No. 17 I was to have." "No. 13 is a better cabin, sir—larger." "I specially selected No. 17, and the purser said I could have it." "I'm sorry," I said coldly. "But No. 17 has been allotted to me." "I can't agree to that." The steward put in his oar. "The other cabin's just the same, only better." "I want No. 17." "What's all this?" demanded a new voice. "Steward, put my things in here. This is my cabin." It was my neighbor at lunch, the Rev. Edward Chichester. "I beg your pardon," I said. "It's my cabin." "It is allotted to Sir Eustace Pedler," said Mr. Pagett. We were all getting rather heated. "I'm sorry to have to dispute the matter," said Chichester with a meek smile which failed to mask his determination to get his own way. Meek men are always obstinate, I have noticed. He edged himself sideways into the doorway. "You're to have No. 28 on the port side," said the steward. "A very good cabin, sir." "I am afraid that I must insist. No. 17 was the cabin promised to me." We had come to an impasse. Each one of us was determined not to give way. Strictly speaking, I, at any rate, might have retired from the contest and eased matters by offering to accept Cabin 28. So long as I did not have 13 it was immaterial to me what other cabin I had. But my blood was up. I had not the least intention of being the first to give way. And I disliked Chichester. He had false teeth which clicked when he ate. Many men have been hated for less. We all said the same things over again. The steward assured us, even more strongly, that both the other cabins were better cabins. None of us paid any attention to him. Pagett began to lose his temper. Chichester kept his serenely. With an effort I also kept mine. And still none of us would give way an inch. A wink and a whispered word from the steward gave me my cue. I faded unobtrusively from the scene. I was lucky enough to encounter the purser almost immediately. "Oh, please," I said, "you did say I could have Cabin 17? And the others won't go away. Mr. Chichester and Mr. Pagett. You _will_ let me have it, won't you?" I always say that there are no people like sailors for being nice to women. My little purser came to the scratch splendidly. He strode to the scene, informed the disputants that No. 17 was my cabin, they could have Nos. 13 and 28 respectively or stay where they were—whichever they chose. I permitted my eyes to tell him what a hero he was and then installed myself in my new domain. The encounter had done me worlds of good. The sea was smooth, the weather growing daily warmer. Sea-sickness was a thing of the past! I went up on deck and was initiated into the mysteries of deck-quoits. I entered my name for various sports. Tea was served on deck, and I ate heartily. After tea, I played shovel-board with some pleasant young men. They were extraordinarily nice to me. I felt that life was satisfactory and delightful. The dressing bugle came as a surprise and I hurried to my new cabin. The stewardess was awaiting me with a troubled face. "There's a terrible smell in your cabin, miss. What it is, I'm sure I can't think, but I doubt if you'll be able to sleep here. There's a deck cabin up on C deck, I believe. You might move into that—just for the night, anyway." The smell really was pretty bad—quite nauseating. I told the stewardess I would think over the question of moving whilst I dressed. I hurried over my toilet, sniffing distastefully as I did so. What _was_ the smell? Dead rat? No, worse than that—and quite different. Yet I knew it! It was something I had smelt before. Something——Ah! I had got it. Asafœtida! I had worked in a Hospital dispensary during the war for a short time and had become acquainted with various nauseous drugs. Asafœtida, that was it. But how—— I sank down on the sofa, suddenly realizing the thing. Somebody had put a pinch of asafœtida in my cabin. Why? So that I should vacate it? Why were they so anxious to get me out? I thought of the scene this afternoon from a rather different point of view. What was there about Cabin 17 that made so many people anxious to get hold of it? The other two cabins were better cabins, why had both men insisted on sticking to 17? 17. How the number persisted. It was on the 17th I had sailed from Southampton. It was a 17—I stopped with a sudden gasp. Quickly I unlocked my suit-case, and took my precious paper from its place of concealment in some rolled stockings. 17 1 22—I had taken that for a date, the date of departure of the _Kilmorden Castle._ Supposing I was wrong. When I came to think of it, would any one, writing down a date, think it necessary to put the year as well as the month? Supposing 17 meant _Cabin_ 17? And 1? The time—one o'clock. Then 22 must be the date. I looked up at my little almanac. To-morrow was the 22nd! I was violently excited. I was sure that I had hit on the right trail at last. One thing was clear, I must not move out of the cabin. The asafœtida had got to be borne. I examined my facts again. To-morrow was the 22nd, and at 1 a.m. or 1 p.m. something would happen. I plumped for 1 a.m. It was now seven o'clock. In six hours I should know. I don't know how I got through the evening. I retired to my cabin fairly early. I had told the stewardess that I had a cold in the head and didn't mind smells. She still seemed distressed, but I was firm. The evening seemed interminable. I duly retired to bed, but in view of emergencies I swathed myself in a thick flannel dressing-gown, and encased my feet in slippers. Thus attired I felt that I could spring up and take an active part in anything that happened. What did I expect to happen? I hardly knew. Vague fancies, most of them wildly improbable, flitted through my brain. But one thing I was firmly convinced of, at one o'clock _something_ would happen. At various times, I heard my fellow-passengers coming to bed. Fragments of conversation, laughing good-nights, floated in through the open transom. Then, silence. Most of the lights went out. There was still one in the passage outside, and there was therefore a certain amount of light in my cabin. I heard eight bells go. The hour that followed seemed the longest I had ever known. I consulted my watch surreptitiously to be sure I had not overshot the time. If my deductions were wrong, if nothing happened at one o'clock, I should have made a fool of myself, and spent all the money I had in the world on a mare's-nest. My heart beat painfully. Two bells went overhead. One o'clock! And nothing. Wait—what was that? I heard the quick light patter of feet running—running along the passage. Then with the suddenness of a bombshell my cabin door burst open and a man almost fell inside. "Save me," he said hoarsely. "They're after me." It was not a moment for argument or explanation. I could hear footsteps outside. I had about forty seconds in which to act. I had sprung to my feet and was standing facing the stranger in the middle of the cabin. A cabin does not abound in hiding-places for a six-foot man. With one arm I pulled out my cabin trunk. He slipped down behind it under the bunk. I raised the lid. At the same time, with the other hand I pulled down the wash-basin. A deft movement and my hair was screwed into a From the point of view of appearance it was inartistic, from another standpoint it was supremely artistic. A lady, with her hair screwed into an unbecoming knob and in the act of removing a piece of soap from her trunk with which, apparently to wash her neck, could hardly be suspected of harbouring a fugitive. There was a knock at the door, and without waiting for me to say, "Come in," it was pushed open. I don't know what I expected to see. I think I had vague ideas of Mr. Pagett brandishing a revolver. Or my missionary friend with a sandbag, or some other lethal weapon. But certainly I did not expect to see a night stewardess, with an inquiring face and looking the essence of respectability. "I beg your pardon, miss, I thought you called out." "No," I said, "I didn't." "I'm sorry for interrupting you." "That's all right," I said. "I couldn't sleep. I thought a wash would do me good." It sounded rather as though it were a thing I never had as a general rule. "I'm so sorry, miss," said the stewardess again. "But there's a gentleman about who's rather drunk, and we are afraid he might get into one of the ladies' cabins and frighten them." "How dreadful," I said, looking alarmed. "He won't come in here, will he?" "Oh, I don't think so, miss. Ring the bell if he does. Good night." "Good night." I opened the door and peeped down the corridor. Except for the retreating form of the stewardess, there was nobody in sight. Drunk! So that was the explanation of it. My histrionic talents had been wasted. I pulled the cabin trunk out a little farther and said: "Come out at once, please," in an acid voice. There was no answer. I peered under the bunk. My visitor lay immovable. He seemed to be asleep. I tugged at his shoulder. He did not move. "Dead drunk," I thought vexedly. "What _am_ I to do?" Then I saw something that made me catch my breath, a small scarlet spot on the floor. Using all my strength, I succeeded in dragging the man out into the middle of the cabin. The dead whiteness of his face showed that he had fainted. I found the cause of his fainting easily enough. He had been stabbed under the left shoulder-blade—a nasty deep wound. I got his coat off and set to work to attend to it. At the sting of the cold water he stirred, then sat up. "Keep still, please," I said. He was the kind of young man who recovers his faculties very quickly. He pulled himself to his feet and stood there swaying a little. "Thank you, I don't need anything done for me." His manner was defiant, almost aggressive. Not a word of thanks—of even common gratitude! "That is a nasty wound. You must let me dress it." "You will do nothing of the kind." He flung the words in my face as though I had been begging a favour of him. My temper, never placid, rose. "I cannot congratulate you upon your manners," I said coldly. "I can at least relieve you of my presence." He started for the door, but reeled as he did so. With an abrupt movement I pushed him down upon the sofa. "Don't be a fool," I said unceremoniously. "You don't want to go bleeding all over the ship, do you?" He seemed to see the sense of that, for he sat quietly whilst I bandaged up the wound as best I could. "There," I said, bestowing a pat on my handiwork, "that will have to do for the present. Are you better tempered now and do you feel inclined to tell me what it's all about?" "I'm sorry that I can't satisfy your very natural curiosity." "Why not?" I said, chagrined. He smiled nastily. "If you want a thing broadcasted, tell a woman. Otherwise keep your mouth shut." "Don't you think I could keep a secret?" "I don't think—I know." He rose to his feet. "At any rate," I said spitefully, "I shall be able to do a little broadcasting about the events of this evening." "I've no doubt you will too," he said indifferently. "How dare you?" I cried angrily. We were facing each other, glaring at each other with the ferocity of bitter enemies. For the first time, I took in the details of his appearance, the close-cropped dark head, the lean jaw, the scar on the brown cheek, the curious light grey eyes that looked into mine with a sort of reckless mockery hard to describe. There was something dangerous about him. "You haven't thanked me yet for saving your life?" I said with false sweetness. I hit him there. I saw him flinch distinctly. Intuitively I knew that he hated above all to be reminded that he owed his life to me. I didn't care. I wanted to hurt him. I had never wanted to hurt any one so much. "I wish to God you hadn't!" he said explosively. "I'd be better dead and out of it." "I'm glad you acknowledge the debt. You can't get out of it. I saved your life and I'm waiting for you to say ‘Thank you.'" If looks could have killed, I think he would have liked to kill me then. He pushed roughly past me. At the door he turned back, and spoke over his shoulder. "I shall not thank you—now or at any other time. But I acknowledge the debt. Some day I will pay it." He was gone, leaving me with clenched hands, and my heart beating like a mill race. There were no further excitements that night. I had breakfast in bed and got up late the next morning. Mrs. Blair hailed me as I came on deck. "Good-morning, Gipsy girl, sit down here by me. You look as though you hadn't slept well." "Why do you call me that?" I asked, as I sat down obediently. "Do you mind? It suits you somehow. I've called you that in my own mind from the beginning. It's the gipsy element in you that makes you so different from any one else. I decided in my own mind that you and Colonel Race were the only two people on board who wouldn't bore me to death to talk to." "That's funny," I said, "I thought the same about you—only it's more understandable in your case. You're—you're such an exquisitely finished product." "Not badly put," said Mrs. Blair, nodding her head. "Tell me all about yourself, Gipsy girl. Why are you going to South Africa?" I told her something about Papa's life work. "So you're Charles Beddingfeld's daughter? I thought you weren't a mere provincial Miss! Are you going to Broken Hill to grub up more skulls?" "I may," I said cautiously. "I've got other plans as well." "What a mysterious minx you are. But you do look tired this morning. Didn't you sleep well? I can't keep awake on board a boat. Ten hours' sleep for a fool, they say! I could do with twenty!" She yawned, looking like a sleepy kitten. "An idiot of a steward woke me up in the middle of the night to return me that roll of films I dropped yesterday. He did it in the most melodramatic manner, stuck his arm through the ventilator and dropped them nearly in the middle of my tummy. I thought it was a bomb for a moment!" "Here's your Colonel," I said, as the tall soldierly figure of Colonel Race appeared on the deck. "He's not my Colonel particularly. In fact he admires _you_ very much, Gipsy girl. So don't run away." "I want to tie something round my head. It will be more comfortable than a hat." I slipped quickly away. For some reason or other I was uncomfortable with Colonel Race. He was one of the few people who were capable of making me feel shy. I went down to my cabin and began looking for a broad band of ribbon, or a motor-veil, with which I could restrain my rebellious locks. Now I am a tidy person, I like my things always arranged in a certain way and I keep them so. I had no sooner opened my drawer than I realized that somebody had been disarranging my things. Everything had been turned over and scattered. I looked in the other drawers and the small hanging cupboard. They told me the same tale. It was as though some one had been making a hurried and ineffectual search for something. I sat down on the edge of the bunk with a grave face. Who had been searching my cabin and what had they been looking for? Was it the half-sheet of paper with scribbled figures and words? I shook my head, dissatisfied. Surely that was past history now. But what else could there be? I wanted to think. The events of last night, though exciting, had not really done anything to elucidate matters. Who was the young man who had burst into my cabin so abruptly? I had not seen him on board previously, either on deck or in the saloon. Was he one of the ship's company or was he a passenger? Who had stabbed him? Why had they stabbed him? And why, in the name of goodness, should Cabin No. 17 figure so prominently? It was all a mystery, but there was no doubt that some very peculiar occurrences were taking place on the _Kilmorden Castle._ I counted off on my fingers the people on whom it behoved me to keep a watch. Setting aside my visitor of the night before, but promising myself that I would discover him on board before another day had passed, I selected the following persons as worthy of my notice. (1) Sir Eustace Pedler. He was the owner of the Mill House and his presence on the _Kilmorden Castle_ seemed something of a coincidence. (2) Mr. Pagett, the sinister-looking secretary, whose eagerness to obtain Cabin 17 had been so very marked. N.B. Find out whether he had accompanied Sir Eustace to Cannes. (3) The Rev. Edward Chichester. All I had against him was his obstinacy over Cabin 17, and that might be entirely due to his own peculiar temperament. Obstinacy can be an amazing thing. But a little conversation with Mr. Chichester would not come amiss, I decided. Hastily tying a handkerchief round my rebellious locks, I went up on deck again, full of purpose. I was in luck. My quarry was leaning against the rail, drinking beef tea. I went up to him. "I hope you've forgiven me over Cabin 17," I said, with my best smile. "I consider it unchristian to bear a grudge," said Mr. Chichester coldly. "But the purser had distinctly promised me that cabin." "Pursers are such busy men, aren't they?" I said vaguely. "I suppose they're bound to forget sometimes." Mr. Chichester did not reply. "Is this your first visit to Africa?" I inquired conversationally. "To South Africa, yes. But I have worked for the last two years amongst the cannibal tribes in the interior of East Africa." "How thrilling! Have you had many narrow escapes?" "Escapes?" "Of being eaten, I mean?" "You should not treat sacred subjects with levity, Miss Beddingfeld." "I didn't know that cannibalism was a sacred subject," I retorted, stung. As the words left my lips, another idea struck me. If Mr. Chichester had indeed spent the last two years in the interior of Africa, how was it that he was not more sunburnt? His skin was as pink and white as a baby's. Surely there was something fishy there? Yet his manner and voice were so absolutely _it._ Too much so perhaps. Was he—or was he not—just a little like a _stage_ clergyman? I cast my mind back to the curates I had known at Little Hampsly. Some of them I had liked, some of them I had not, but certainly none of them had been quite like Mr. Chichester. They had been human—he was a glorified type. I was debating all this when Sir Eustace Pedler passed down the deck. Just as he was abreast of Mr. Chichester, he stooped and picked up a piece of paper which he handed to him, remarking "You've dropped something." He passed on without stopping, and so probably did not notice Mr. Chichester's agitation. I did. Whatever it was he had dropped, its recovery agitated him considerably. He turned a sickly green, and crumpled up the sheet of paper into a ball. My suspicions were accentuated a hundred-fold. He caught my eye, and hurried into explanations. "A—a—fragment of a sermon I was composing," he said with a sickly smile. "Indeed?" I rejoined politely. A fragment of a sermon, indeed! No, Mr. Chichester—too weak for words! He soon left me with a muttered excuse. I wished, oh, how I wished, that I had been the one to pick up that paper and not Sir Eustace Pedler! One thing was clear, Mr. Chichester could not be exempted from my list of suspects. I was inclined to put him top of the three. After lunch, when I came up to the lounge for coffee, I noticed Sir Eustace and Pagett sitting with Mrs. Blair and Colonel Race. Mrs. Blair welcomed me with a smile, so I went over and joined them. They were talking about Italy. "But it _is_ misleading," Mrs. Blair insisted. _"Aqua calda_ certainly _ought_ to be cold water—not hot." "You're not a Latin scholar," said Sir Eustace, smiling. "Men are so superior about their Latin," said Mrs. Blair. "But all the same I notice that when you ask them to translate inscriptions in old churches they can never do it! They hem and haw, and get out of it somehow." "Quite right," said Colonel Race. "I always do." "But I love the Italians," continued Mrs. Blair. "They're so obliging—though even that has its embarrassing side. You ask them the way somewhere, and instead of saying ‘first to the right, second to the left' or something that one could follow, they pour out a flood of well-meaning directions, and when you look bewildered they take you kindly by the arm and walk all the way there with you." "Is that your experience in Florence, Pagett?" asked Sir Eustace, turning with a smile to his secretary. For some reason the question seemed to disconcert Mr. Pagett. He stammered and flushed. "Oh, quite so, yes—er quite so." Then with a murmured excuse, he rose and left the table. "I am beginning to suspect Guy Pagett of having committed some dark deed in Florence," remarked Sir Eustace, gazing after his secretary's retreating figure. "Whenever Florence or Italy is mentioned, he changes the subject, or bolts precipitately." "Perhaps he murdered some one there," said Mrs. Blair hopefully. "He looks—I hope I'm not hurting your feelings, Sir Eustace—but he does look as though he might murder some one." "Yes, pure Cinquecento! It amuses me sometimes—especially when one knows as well as I do how essentially law-abiding and respectable the poor fellow really is." "He's been with you some time, hasn't he, Sir Eustace?" asked Colonel Race. "Six years," said Sir Eustace, with a deep sigh. "He must be quite invaluable to you," said Mrs. Blair. "Oh, invaluable! Yes, quite invaluable." The poor man sounded even more depressed, as though the invaluableness of Mr. Pagett was a secret grief to him. Then he added more briskly: "But his face should really inspire you with confidence, my dear lady. No self-respecting murderer would ever consent to look like one. Crippen, now, I believe, was one of the pleasantest fellows imaginable." "He was caught on a liner, wasn't he?" murmured Mrs. Blair. There was a slight rattle behind us. I turned quickly. Mr. Chichester had dropped his coffee-cup. Our party soon broke up; Mrs. Blair went below to sleep and I went out on deck. Colonel Race followed me. "You're very elusive, Miss Beddingfeld. I looked for you everywhere last night at the dance." "I went to bed early," I explained. "Are you going to run away to-night too? Or are you going to dance with me?" "I shall be very pleased to dance with you," I murmured shyly. "But Mrs. Blair— "Our friend, Mrs. Blair, doesn't care for dancing." "And you do?" "I care for dancing with you." "Oh!" I said nervously. I was a little afraid of Colonel Race. Nevertheless I was enjoying myself. This was better than discussing fossilized skulls with stuffy old professors! Colonel Race was really just my ideal of a stern silent Rhodesian. Possibly I might marry him! I hadn't been asked, it is true, but, as the Boy Scouts say, Be Prepared! And all women, without in the least meaning it, consider every man they meet as a possible husband for themselves or for their best friend. I danced several times with him that evening. He danced well. When the dancing was over, and I was thinking of going to bed, he suggested a turn round the deck. We walked round three times and finally subsided into two deck-chairs. There was nobody else in sight. We made desultory conversation for some time. "Do you know, Miss Beddingfeld, I think that I once met your father? A very interesting man—on his own subject, and it's a subject that has a special fascination for me. In my humble way, I've done a bit in that line myself. Why, when I was in the Dordogne region— Our talk became technical. Colonel Race's boast was not an idle one. He knew a great deal. At the same time, he made one or two curious mistakes—slips of the tongue, I might almost have thought them. But he was quick to take his cue from me and to cover them up. Once he spoke of the Mousterian period as succeeding the Aurignacian—an absurd mistake for one who knew anything of the subject. It was twelve o'clock when I went to my cabin. I was still puzzling over those queer discrepancies. Was it possible that he had "got the whole subject up" for the occasion—that really he knew nothing of archaeology? I shook my head, vaguely dissatisfied with that solution. Just as I was dropping off to sleep, I sat up with a sudden start as another idea flashed into my head. Had _he_ been pumping _me?_ Were those slight inaccuracies just tests—to see whether I really knew what I was talking about? In other words, he suspected me of not being genuinely Anne Beddingfeld. Why? _(Extract from the diary of Sir Eustace Pedler)_ There is something to be said for life on board ship. It is peaceful. My grey hairs fortunately exempt me from the indignities of bobbing for apples, running up and down the deck with potatoes and eggs, and the more painful sports of "Brother Bill" and Bolster Bar. What amusement people can find in these painful proceedings has always been a mystery to me. But there are many fools in the world. One praises God for their existence and keeps out of their way. Fortunately I am an excellent sailor. Pagett, poor fellow, is not. He began turning green as soon as we were out of the Solent. I presume my other so-called secretary is also sea-sick. At any rate he has not yet made his appearance. But perhaps it is not sea-sickness, but high diplomacy. The great thing is that I have not been worried by him. On the whole, the people on board are a mangy lot. Only two decent Bridge players and one decent-looking woman—Mrs. Clarence Blair. I've met her in town of course. She is one of the only women I know who can lay claim to a sense of humour. I enjoy talking to her, and should enjoy it more if it were not for a long-legged taciturn ass who has attached himself to her like a limpet. I cannot think that this Colonel Race really amuses her. He's good-looking in his way, but dull as ditch water. One of these strong silent men that lady novelists and young girls always rave over. Guy Pagett struggled up on deck after we left Madeira and began babbling in a hollow voice about work. What the devil does any one want to work for on board ship? It is true that I promised my publishers my "Reminiscences" early in the summer, but what of it? Who really reads reminiscences? Old ladies in the suburbs. And what do my reminiscences amount to? I've knocked against a certain number of so-called famous people in my lifetime. With the assistance of Pagett, I invent insipid anecdotes about them. And, the truth of the matter is, Pagett is too honest for the job. He won't let me invent anecdotes about the people I might have I tried kindness with him. "You look a perfect wreck still, my dear chap," I said easily. "What you need is a deck-chair in the sun. No—not another word. The work must wait." The next thing I knew he was worrying about an extra cabin. "There's no room to work in your cabin, Sir Eustace. It's full of trunks." From his tone, you might have thought that trunks were blackbeetles, something that had no business to be there. I explained to him that, though he might not be aware of the fact, it was usual to take a change of clothing with one when travelling. He gave the wan smile with which he always greets my attempts at humour, and then reverted to the business in hand. "And we could hardly work in my little hole." I know Pagett's "little holes"—he usually has the best cabin on the ship. "I'm sorry the Captain didn't turn out for you this time," I said sarcastically. "Perhaps you'd like to dump some of your extra luggage in my cabin?" Sarcasm is dangerous with a man like Pagett. He brightened up at once. "Well, if I could get rid of the typewriter and the stationery trunk— The stationery trunk weighs several solid tons. It causes endless unpleasantness with the porters, and it is the aim of Pagett's life to foist it on me. It is a perpetual struggle between us. He seems to regard it as my special personal property. I, on the other hand, regard the charge of it as the only thing where a secretary is really useful. "We'll get an extra cabin," I said hastily. The thing seemed simple enough, but Pagett is a person who loves to make mysteries. He came to me the next day with a face like a Renaissance conspirator. "You know you told me to get Cabin 17 for an office?" "Well, what of it? Has the stationery trunk jammed in the doorway?" "The doorways are the same size in all the cabins," replied Pagett seriously. "But I tell you, Sir Eustace, there's something very queer about that cabin." Memories of reading _The Upper Berth_ floated through my mind. "If you mean that it's haunted," I said, "we're not going to sleep there, so I don't see that it matters. Ghosts don't affect typewriters." Pagett said that it wasn't a ghost, and that, after all, he hadn't got Cabin 17. He told me a long, garbled story. Apparently he, and a Mr. Chichester, and a girl called Beddingfeld, had almost come to blows over the cabin. Needless to say, the girl had won, and Pagett was apparently feeling sore over the matter. "Both 13 and 28 are better cabins," he reiterated. "But they wouldn't look at them." "Well," I said, stifling a yawn, "for that matter, no more would you, my dear Pagett." He gave me a reproachful look. "You _told_ me to get Cabin 17." There is a touch of the "boy upon the burning deck" about Pagett. "My dear fellow," I said testily, "I mentioned No. 17 because I happened to observe that it was vacant. But I didn't mean you to make a stand to the death about it—13 or 28 would have done us equally well." He looked hurt. "There's something more, though," he insisted. "Miss Beddingfeld got the cabin, but this morning I saw Chichester coming out of it in a furtive sort of way." I looked at him severely. "If you're trying to get up a nasty scandal about Chichester, who is a missionary—though a perfectly poisonous person—and that attractive child, Anne Beddingfeld, I don't believe a word of it," I said coldly. "Anne Beddingfeld is an extremely nice girl—with particularly good legs. I should say she had far and away the best legs on board." Pagett did not like my reference to Anne Beddingfeld's legs. He is the sort of man who never notices legs himself—or, if he does, would die sooner than say so. Also he thinks my appreciation of such things frivolous. I like annoying Pagett, so I continued maliciously: "As you've made her acquaintance, you might ask her to dine at our table to-morrow night. It's the Fancy Dress dance. By the way, you'd better go down to the barber and select a fancy costume for me." "Surely you will not go in fancy dress?" said Pagett, in tones of horror. I could see that it was quite incompatible with his idea of my dignity. He looked shocked and pained. I had really had no intention of donning fancy dress, but the complete discomfiture of Pagett was too tempting to be forborne. "What do you mean?" I said. "Of course I shall wear fancy dress. So will you." Pagett shuddered. "So go down to the barber's and see about it," I finished. "I don't think he'll have any out sizes," murmured Pagett, measuring my figure with his eye. Without meaning it, Pagett can occasionally be extremely offensive. "And order a table for six in the saloon," I said. "We'll have the Captain, the girl with the nice legs, Mrs. Blair— "You won't get Mrs. Blair without Colonel Race," Pagett interposed. "He's asked her to dine with him, I know." Pagett always knows everything. I was justifiably annoyed. "Who _is_ Race?" I demanded, exasperated. As I said before, Pagett always knows everything—or thinks he does. He looked mysterious again. "They say he's a Secret Service chap, Sir Eustace. Rather a great gun too. But of course I don't know for certain." "Isn't that like the Government?" I exclaimed. "Here's a man on board whose business it is to carry about secret documents, and they go giving them to a peaceful outsider, who only asks to be let alone." Pagett looked even more mysterious. He came a pace nearer and dropped his voice. "If you ask me, the whole thing is very queer, Sir Eustace. Look at that illness of mine before we started— "My dear fellow," I interrupted brutally, "that was a bilious attack. You're always having bilious attacks." Pagett winced slightly. "It wasn't the usual sort of bilious attack. This time—— "For God's sake, don't go into the details of your condition, Pagett. I don't want to hear them." "Very well, Sir Eustace. But my belief is that I was deliberately _poisoned! "_ "Ah!" I said. "You've been talking to Rayburn." He did not deny it. "At any rate, Sir Eustace, _he_ thinks so—and he should be in a position to know." "By the way, where is the chap?" I asked. "I've not set eyes on him since we came on board." "He gives out that he's ill, and stays in his cabin, Sir Eustace." Pagett's voice dropped again. "But that's _camouflage,_ I'm sure. So that he can watch better." "Watch?" "Over your safety, Sir Eustace. In case an attack should be made upon you." "You're such a cheerful fellow, Pagett," I said. "I trust that your imagination runs away with you. If I were you I should go to the dance as a death's head or an executioner. It will suit your mournful style of beauty." That shut him up for the time being. I went on deck. The Beddingfeld girl was deep in conversation with the missionary parson, Chichester. Women always flutter round parsons. A man of my figure hates stooping, but I had the courtesy to pick up a bit of paper that was fluttering round the parson's feet. I got no word of thanks for my pains. As a matter of fact, I couldn't help seeing what was written on the sheet of paper. There was just one sentence: "Don't try to play a lone hand or it will be the worse for you." That's a nice thing for a parson to have. Who is this fellow Chichester, I wonder? He _looks_ mild as milk. But looks are deceptive. I shall ask Pagett about him. Pagett always knows everything. I sank gracefully into my deck-chair by the side of Mrs. Blair, thereby interrupting her _tète-à-tête_ with Race, and remarked that I didn't know what the clergy were coming to nowadays. Then I asked her to dine with me on the night of the Fancy Dress dance. Somehow or other Race managed to get included in the invitation. After lunch the Beddingfeld girl came and sat with us for coffee. I was right about her legs. They _are_ the best on the ship. I shall certainly ask her to dinner as well. I would very much like to know what mischief Pagett was up to in Florence. Whenever Italy is mentioned, he goes to pieces. If I did not know how intensely respectable he is—I should suspect him of some disreputable _amour_ . . . I wonder now! Even the most respectable men——It would cheer me up enormously if it was so. Pagett—with a guilty secret! Splendid! It has been a curious evening. The only costume that fitted me in the barber's emporium was that of a Teddy Bear. I don't mind playing bears with some nice young girls on a winter's evening in England—but it's hardly an ideal costume for the equator. However, I created a good deal of merriment, and won first prize for "brought on board"—an absurd term for a costume hired for the evening. Still as nobody seemed to have the least idea whether they were made or brought, it didn't matter. Mrs. Blair refused to dress up. Apparently she is at one with Pagett on the matter. Colonel Race followed her example. Anne Beddingfeld had concocted a gipsy costume for herself, and looked extraordinarily well. Pagett said he had a headache and didn't appear. To replace him I asked a quaint little fellow called Reeves. He's a prominent member of the South African Labour party. Horrible little man, but I want to keep in with him, as he gives me information that I need. I want to understand this Rand business from both sides. Dancing was a hot affair. I danced twice with Anne Beddingfeld and she had to pretend she liked it. I danced once with Mrs. Blair, who didn't trouble to pretend, and I victimized various other damsels whose appearance struck me favourably. Then we went down to supper. I had ordered champagne; the steward suggested Clicquot 1911 as being the best they had on the boat and I fell in with his suggestion. I seemed to have hit on the one thing that would loosen Colonel Race's tongue. Far from being taciturn, the man became actually talkative. For a while this amused me, then it occurred to me that Colonel Race, and not myself, was becoming the life and soul of the party. He chaffed me at length about keeping a diary. "It will reveal all your indiscretions one of these days, Pedler." "My dear Race," I said, "I venture to suggest that I am not quite the fool you think me. I may commit indiscretions, but I don't write them down in black and white. After my death, my executors will know my opinion of a great many people, but I doubt if they will find anything to add or detract from their opinion of _me._ A diary is useful for recording the idiosyncrasies of other people—but not one's own." "There is such a thing as unconscious self-revelation, though." "In the eyes of the psycho-analyst, all things are vile," I replied sententiously. "You must have had a very interesting life, Colonel Race?" said Miss Beddingfeld, gazing at him with wide, starry eyes. That's how they do it, these girls! Othello charmed Desdemona by telling her stories, but, oh, didn't Desdemona charm Othello by the way she listened? Anyway, the girl set Race off all right. He began to tell lion stories. A man who has shot lions in large quantities has an unfair advantage over other men. It seemed to me that it was time I, too, told a lion story. One of a more sprightly character. "By the way," I remarked, "that reminds me of a rather exciting tale I heard. A friend of mine was out on a shooting trip somewhere in East Africa. One night he came out of his tent for some reason, and was startled by a low growl. He turned sharply and saw a lion crouching to spring. He had left his rifle in the tent. Quick as thought, he ducked, and the lion sprang right over his head. Annoyed at having missed him, the animal growled and prepared to spring again. Again he ducked, and again the lion sprang right over him. This happened a third time, but by now he was close to the entrance of the tent, and he darted in and seized his rifle. When he emerged, rifle in hand, the lion had disappeared. That puzzled him greatly. He crept round the back of the tent, where there was a little clearing. There, sure enough, was the lion, busily practising low jumps." This was received with a roar of applause. I drank some champagne. "On another occasion," I remarked, "this friend of mine had a second curious experience. He was trekking across country, and being anxious to arrive at his destination before the heat of the day he ordered his boys to inspan whilst it was still dark. They had some trouble in doing so, as the mules were very restive, but at last they managed it, and a start was made. The mules raced along like the wind, and when daylight came they saw why. In the darkness, the boys had inspanned a lion as the near wheeler." This, too, was well received, a ripple of merriment going round the table, but I am not sure that the greatest tribute did not come from my friend, the Labour Member, who remained pale and serious. "My God!" he said anxiously. "Who un'arnessed them?" "I must go to Rhodesia," said Mrs. Blair. "After what you have told us, Colonel Race, I simply must. It's a horrible journey though, five days in the train." "You must join me on my private car," I said gallantly. "Oh, Sir Eustace, how sweet of you, do you really mean it?" "Do I mean it!" I exclaimed reproachfully, and drank another glass of champagne. "Just about another week, and we shall be in South Africa," sighed Mrs. Blair. "Ah, South Africa," I said sentimentally, and began to quote from a recent speech of mine at the Colonial Institute. "What has South Africa to show the world? What indeed? Her fruit and her farms, her wool and her wattles, her herds and her hides, her gold and her diamonds— I was hurrying on, because I knew that as soon as I paused Reeves would butt in and inform me that the hides were worthless because the animals hung themselves up on barbed wire or something of that sort, would crab everything else, and end up with the hardships of the miners on the Rand. And I was not in the mood to be abused as a Capitalist. However, the interruption came from another source at the magic word diamonds. "Diamonds!" said Mrs. Blair ecstatically. "Diamonds!" breathed Miss Beddingfeld. They both addressed Colonel Race. "I suppose you've been to Kimberley?" I had been to Kimberley too, but I didn't manage to say so in time. Race was being inundated with questions. What were mines like? Was it true that the natives were kept shut up in compounds? And so on. Race answered their questions and showed a good knowledge of his subject. He described the methods of housing the natives, the searches instituted, and the various precautions that De Beers took. "Then it's practically impossible to steal any diamonds?" asked Mrs. Blair with as keen an air of disappointment as though she had been journeying there for the express purpose. "Nothing's impossible, Mrs. Blair. Thefts do occur—like the case I told you of where the Kafir hid the stone in his wound." "Yes, but on a large scale?" "Once, in recent years. Just before the War in fact. You must remember the case, Pedler. You were in South Africa at the time?" I nodded. "Tell us," cried Miss Beddingfeld. "Oh, do tell us!" Race smiled. "Very well, you shall have the story. I suppose most of you have heard of Sir Laurence Eardsley, the great South African mining magnate? His mines were gold mines, but he comes into the story through his son. You may remember that just before the War rumours were afield of a new potential Kimberley hidden somewhere in the rocky floor of the British Guiana jungles. Two young explorers, so it was reported, had returned from that part of South America bringing with them a remarkable collection of rough diamonds, some of them of considerable size. Diamonds of small size had been found before in the neighbourhood of the Essequibo and Mazaruni rivers, but these two young men, John Eardsley and his friend Lucas, claimed to have discovered beds of great carbon deposits at the common head of two streams. The diamonds were of every colour, pink, blue, yellow, green, black, and the purest white. Eardsley and Lucas came to Kimberley where they were to submit their gems to inspection. At the same time a sensational robbery was found to have taken place at De Beers. When sending diamonds to England they are made up into a packet. This remains in the big safe, of which the two keys are held by two different men whilst a third man knows the combination. They are handed to the Bank, and the Bank send them to England. Each package is worth, roughly, about £100,000. "On this occasion, the Bank were struck by something a little unusual about the sealing of the packet. It was opened, and found to contain knobs of sugar! "Exactly how suspicion came to fasten on John Eardsley I do not know. It was remembered that he had been very wild at Cambridge and that his father had paid his debts more than once. Anyhow, it soon got about that this story of South American diamond fields was all a fantasy. John Eardsley was arrested. In his possession was found a portion of the De Beer diamonds. "But the case never came to court. Sir Laurence Eardsley paid over a sum equal to the missing diamonds and De Beers did not prosecute. Exactly how the robbery was committed has never been known. But the knowledge that his son was a thief broke the old man's heart. He had a stroke shortly afterwards. As for John, his Fate was in a way merciful. He enlisted, went to the War, fought there bravely, and was killed, thus wiping out the stain on his name. Sir Laurence himself had a third stroke and died about a month ago. He died intestate and his vast fortune passed to his next of kin, a man whom he hardly knew." The Colonel paused. A babel of ejaculations and questions broke out. Something seemed to attract Miss Beddingfeld's attention, and she turned in her chair. At the little gasp she gave, I, too, turned. My new secretary, Rayburn, was standing in the doorway. Under his tan, his face had the pallor of one who has seen a ghost. Evidently Race's story had moved him profoundly. Suddenly conscious of our scrutiny, he turned abruptly and disappeared. "Do you know who that is?" asked Anne Beddingfeld abruptly. "That's my other secretary," I explained. "Mr. Rayburn. He's been seedy up to now." She toyed with the bread by her plate. "Has he been your secretary long?" "Not very long," I said cautiously. But caution is useless with a woman, the more you hold back, the more she presses forward. Anne Beddingfeld made no bones about it. "How long?" she asked bluntly. "Well—er—I engaged him just before I sailed. Old friend of mine recommended him." She said nothing more, but relapsed into a thoughtful silence. I turned to Race with the feeling that it was my turn to display an interest in his story. "Who is Sir Laurence's next of kin, Race? Do you know?" "I should say so," he replied, with a smile. "I am!" _(Anne's Narrative Resumed)_ It was on the night of the Fancy Dress dance that I decided that the time had come for me to confide in some one. So far I had played a lone hand and rather enjoyed it. Now suddenly everything was changed. I distrusted my own judgment and for the first time a feeling of loneliness and desolation crept over me. I sat on the edge of my bunk, still in my gipsy dress, and considered the situation. I thought first of Colonel Race. He had seemed to like me. He would be kind, I was sure. And he was no fool. Yet, as I thought it over, I wavered. He was a man of He would take the whole matter out of my hands. And it was _my_ mystery! There were other reasons, too, which I would hardly acknowledge to myself, but which made it inadvisable to confide in Colonel Race. Then I thought of Mrs. Blair. She, too, had been kind to me. I did not delude myself into the belief that that really meant anything. It was probably a mere whim of the moment. All the same, I had it in my power to interest her. She was a woman who had experienced most of the ordinary sensations of life. I proposed to supply her with an extraordinary one! And I liked her; liked her ease of manner, her lack of sentimentality, her freedom from any form of affectation. My mind was made up. I decided to seek her out then and there. She would hardly be in bed yet. Then I remembered that I did not know the number of her cabin. My friend, the night stewardess, would probably know. I rang the bell. After some delay it was answered by a man. He gave me the information I wanted. Mrs. Blair's cabin was No. 71. He apologized for the delay in answering the bell, but explained that he had all the cabins to attend to. "Where is the stewardess, then?" I asked. "They all go off duty at ten o'clock." "No—I mean the night stewardess." "No stewardess on at night, miss." "But—but a stewardess came the other night—about one o'clock." "You must have been dreaming, miss. There's no stewardess on duty after ten." He withdrew and I was left to digest this morsel of information. Who was the woman who had come to my cabin on the night of the 22nd? My face grew graver as I realized the cunning and audacity of my unknown antagonists. Then, pulling myself together, I left my own cabin and sought that of Mrs. Blair. I knocked at the door. "Who's that?" called her voice from within. "It's me—Anne Beddingfeld." "Oh, come in, Gipsy girl." I entered. A good deal of scattered clothing lay about, and Mrs. Blair herself was draped in one of the loveliest kimonos I had ever seen. It was all orange and gold and black and made my mouth water to look at it. "Mrs. Blair," I said abruptly, "I want to tell you the story of my life—that is, if it isn't too late, and you won't be bored." "Not a bit. I always hate going to bed," said Mrs. Blair, her face crinkling into smiles in the delightful way it had. "And I should love to hear the story of your life. You're a most unusual creature, Gipsy girl. Nobody else would think of bursting in on me at 1 a.m. to tell me the story of their life. Especially after snubbing my natural curiosity for weeks as you have done! I'm not accustomed to being snubbed. It's been quite a pleasing novelty. Sit down on the sofa and unburden your soul." I told her the whole story. It took some time as I was conscientious over all the details. She gave a deep sigh when I had finished, but she did not say at all what I had expected her to say. Instead she looked at me, laughed a little and said: "Do you know, Anne, you're a very unusual girl? Haven't you ever had qualms?" "Qualms?" I asked, puzzled. "Yes, qualms, qualms, qualms! Starting off alone with practically no money. What will you do when you find yourself in a strange country with all your money gone?" "It's no good bothering about that until it comes. I've got plenty of money still. The twenty-five pounds that Mrs. Flemming gave me is practically intact, and then I won the sweep yesterday. That's another fifteen pounds. Why, I've got _lots_ of money. Forty pounds!" "Lots of money! My God!" murmured Mrs. Blair. _"I_ couldn't do it, Anne, and I've plenty of pluck in my own way. I couldn't start off gaily with a few pounds in my pocket and no idea as to what I was doing and where I was going." "But that's the fun of it," I cried, thoroughly roused. "It gives one such a splendid feeling of adventure." She looked at me, nodded once or twice, and then smiled. "Lucky Anne! There aren't many people in the world who feel as you do." "Well," I said impatiently, "what do you think of it all, Mrs. Blair?" "I think it's the most thrilling thing I ever heard! Now, to begin with, you will stop calling me Mrs. Blair. Suzanne will be ever so much better. Is that agreed?" "I should love it, Suzanne." "Good girl. Now let's get down to business. You say that in Sir Eustace's secretary—not that long-faced Pagett, the other one—you recognized the man who was stabbed and came into your cabin for shelter?" I nodded. "That gives us two links connecting Sir Eustace with the tangle. The woman was murdered in _his_ house, and it's _his_ secretary who gets stabbed at the mystic hour of one o'clock. I don't suspect Sir Eustace himself, but it can't be all coincidence. There's a connection somewhere even if he himself is unaware of it." "Then there's the queer business of the stewardess," she continued thoughtfully. "What was she like?" "I hardly noticed her. I was so excited and strung up—and a stewardess seemed such an anticlimax. But—yes—I did think her face was familiar. Of course it would be if I'd seen her about the ship." "Her face seemed familiar to you," said Suzanne. "Sure she wasn't a man?" "She was very tall," I admitted. "Hum. Hardly Sir Eustace, I should think, nor Mr. Pagett——Wait!" She caught up a scrap of paper and began drawing feverishly. She inspected the result with her head poised on one side. "A very good likeness of the Rev. Edward Chichester. Now for the etceteras." She passed the paper over to me. "Is that your stewardess?" "Why, yes," I cried. "Suzanne, how clever of you!" She disdained the compliment with a light gesture. "I've always had suspicions of that Chichester creature. Do you remember how he dropped his coffee-cup and turned a sickly green when we were discussing Crippen the other day?" "And he tried to get Cabin 17!" "Yes, it all fits in so far. But what does it all _mean?_ What was really meant to happen at one o'clock in Cabin 17? It can't be the stabbing of the secretary. There would be no point in timing that for a special hour on a special day in a special place. No, it must have been some kind of appointment and he was on his way to keep it when they knifed him. But who was the appointment with? Certainly not with you. It might have been with Chichester. Or it might have been with Pagett." "That seems unlikely," I objected, "they can see each other any time." We both sat silent for a minute or two, then Suzanne started off on another tack. "Could there have been anything hidden in the cabin?" "That seems more probable," I agreed. "It would explain my things being ransacked the next morning. But there was nothing hidden there, I'm sure of it." "The young man couldn't have slipped something into a drawer the night before?" I shook my head. "I should have seen him." "Could it have been your precious piece of paper they were looking for?" "It might have been, but it seems rather senseless. It was only a time and a date—and they were both past by then." Suzanne nodded. "That's so of course. No, it wasn't the paper. By the way, have you got it with you? I'd rather like to see it." I had brought the paper with me as Exhibit A, and I handed it over to her. She scrutinized it, frowning. "There's a dot after the 17. Why isn't there a dot after the 1 too?" "There's a space," I pointed out. "Yes, there's a space, but— Suddenly she rose and peered at the paper, holding it as close under the light as possible. There was a repressed excitement in her manner. "Anne, that isn't a dot! That's a flaw in the paper! A flaw in the paper, you see? So you've got to ignore it, and just go by the spaces—the spaces!" I had risen and was standing by her. I read out the figures as I now saw them. "1 71 22." "You see," said Suzanne, "it's the same, but not quite. It's one o'clock still, and the 22nd—but it's Cabin 71! _My_ cabin, Anne!" We stood staring at each other, so pleased with our new discovery and so rapt with excitement that you might have thought we had solved the whole mystery. Then I fell to earth with a bump. "But, Suzanne, nothing happened here at one o'clock on the 22nd?" Her face fell also. "No—it didn't." Another idea struck me. "This isn't your own cabin, is it, Suzanne? I mean not the one you originally booked?" "No, the purser changed me into it." "I wonder if it was booked before sailing for some one—some one who didn't turn up. I suppose we could find out." "We don't need to find out, Gipsy girl," cried Suzanne. "I know! The purser was telling me about it. The cabin was booked in the name of Mrs. Grey—but it seems that Mrs. Grey was merely a pseudonym for the famous Madame Nadina. She's a celebrated Russian dancer, you know. She's never appeared in London, but Paris has been quite mad about her. She had a terrific success there all through the War. A thoroughly bad lot, I believe, but most attractive. The purser expressed his regrets that she wasn't on board in a most heart-felt fashion when he gave me her cabin, and then Colonel Race told me a lot about her. It seems there were very queer stories afloat in Paris. She was suspected of espionage, but they couldn't prove anything. I rather fancy Colonel Race was over there simply on that account. He's told me some very interesting things. There was a regular organized gang, not German in origin at all. In fact the head of it, a man always referred to as ‘the Colonel' was thought to be an Englishman, but they never got any clue as to his identity. But there is no doubt that he controlled a considerable organization of international crooks. Robberies, espionages, assaults, he undertook them all—and usually provided an innocent scapegoat to pay the penalty. Diabolically clever, he must have been! This woman was supposed to be one of his agents, but they couldn't get hold of anything to go upon. Yes, Anne, we're on the right tack. Nadina is just the woman to be mixed up in this business. The appointment on the morning of the 22nd was with her in this cabin. But where is she? Why didn't she sail?" A light flashed upon me. "She meant to sail," I said slowly. "Then why didn't she?" _"Because she was dead._ Suzanne, Nadina was the woman murdered at Marlow!" My mind went back to the bare room in the empty house, and there swept over me again that indefinable sensation of menace and evil. With it came the memory of the falling pencil and the discovery of the roll of films. A roll of films—that struck a more recent note. Where had I heard of a roll of films? And why did I connect that thought with Mrs. Blair? Suddenly I flew at her and almost shook her in my excitement. "Your films! The ones that were passed to you through the ventilator? Wasn't that on the 22nd?" "The ones I lost?" "How do you know they were the same? Why would any one return them to you that way—in the middle of the night? It's a mad idea. No—they were a message, the films had been taken out of the yellow tin case, and something else put inside. Have you got it still?" "I may have used it. No, here it is. I remember I tossed it into the rack at the side of the bunk." She held it out to me. It was an ordinary round tin cylinder, such as films are packed in for the tropics. I took it with trembling hand, but even as I did so my heart leapt. It was noticeably heavier than it should have been. With shaking fingers I peeled off the strip of adhesive plaster that kept it air-tight. I pulled off the lid, and a stream of dull glassy pebbles rolled onto the bed. "Pebbles," I said, keenly disappointed. "Pebbles?" cried Suzanne. The ring in her voice excited me. "Pebbles? No, Anne, not pebbles! _Diamonds! "_ Diamonds! I stared, fascinated, at the glassy heap on the bunk. I picked up one which, but for the weight, might have been a fragment of broken bottle. "Are you sure, Suzanne?" "Oh, yes, my dear. I've seen rough diamonds too often to have any doubts. They're beauties too, Anne—and some of them are unique, I should say. There's a history behind these." "The history we heard to-night," I cried. "You mean——?" "Colonel Race's story. It can't be a coincidence. He told it for a purpose." "To see its effect, you mean?" I nodded. "Its effect on Sir Eustace?" "Yes." But, even as I said it, a doubt assailed me. _Was_ it Sir Eustace who had been subjected to a test, or had the story been told for _my_ benefit? I remembered the impression I had received on that former night of having been deliberately "pumped." For some reason or other, Colonel Race was suspicious. But where did he come in? What possible connection could he have with the affair? "Who _is_ Colonel Race?" I asked. "That's rather a question," said Suzanne. "He's pretty well known as a big-game hunter, and, as you heard him say to-night, he was a distant cousin of Sir Laurence Eardsley. I've never actually met him until this trip. He journeys to and from Africa a good deal. There's a general idea that he does Secret Service work. I don't know whether it's true or not. He's certainly rather a mysterious creature." "I suppose he came into a lot of money as Sir Laurence Eardsley's heir?" "My dear Anne, he must be _rolling._ You know, he'd be a splendid match for you." "I can't have a good go at him with you aboard the ship," I said, laughing. "Oh, these married women!" "We do have a pull," murmured Suzanne complacently. "And everybody knows that I am absolutely devoted to Clarence—my husband, you know. It's so safe and pleasant to make love to a devoted wife." "It must be very nice for Clarence to be married to some one like you." "Well, I'm wearing to live with! Still, he can always escape to the Foreign Office, where he fixes his eyeglass in his eye, and goes to sleep in a big arm-chair. We might cable him to tell us all he knows about Race. I love sending cables. And they annoy Clarence so. He always says a letter would have done as well. I don't suppose he'd tell us anything, though. He is so frightfully discreet. That's what makes him so hard to live with for long on end. But let us go on with our matchmaking. I'm sure Colonel Race is very attracted to you, Anne. Give him a couple of glances from those wicked eyes of yours, and the deed is done. Every one gets engaged on board ship. There's nothing else to do." "I don't want to get married." "Don't you?" said Suzanne. "Why not? I love being married—even to Clarence!" I disdained her flippancy. "What I want to know is," I said with determination, "what has Colonel Race got to do with this? He's in it somewhere." "You don't think it was mere chance, his telling that story?" "No, I don't," I said decidedly. "He was watching us all narrowly. You remember, _some_ of the diamonds were recovered, not all. Perhaps these are the missing ones—or perhaps— "Perhaps what?" I did not answer directly. "I should like to know," I said, "what became of the other young man. Not Eardsley but—what was his name?—Lucas!" "We're getting some light on the thing, anyway. It's the diamonds all these people are after. It must have been to obtain possession of the diamonds that ‘The Man in the Brown Suit' killed Nadina." "He didn't kill her," I said sharply. "Of course he killed her. Who else could have done so?" "I don't know. But I'm sure he didn't kill her." "He went into that house three minutes after her and came out as white as a sheet." "Because he found her dead." "But nobody else went in." "Then the murderer was in the house already, or else he got in some other way. There's no need for him to pass the lodge, he could have climbed over the wall." Suzanne glanced at me sharply. "‘The Man in the Brown Suit,'" she mused. "Who was he, I wonder? Anyway, he was identical with the ‘doctor' in the Tube. He would have had time to remove his make-up and follow the woman to Marlow. She and Carton were to have met there, they both had an order to view the same house, and if they took such elaborate precautions to make their meeting appear accidental they must have suspected they were being followed. All the same, Carton did _not_ know that his shadower was the ‘Man in the Brown Suit.' When he recognized him, the shock was so great that he lost his head completely and stepped back onto the line. That all seems pretty clear, don't you think so, Anne?" I did not reply. "Yes, that's how it was. He took the paper from the dead man, and in his hurry to get away he dropped it. Then he followed the woman to Marlow. What did he do when he left there, when he had killed her—or, according to you, found her dead. Where did he go?" Still I said nothing. "I wonder, now," said Suzanne musingly. "Is it possible that he induced Sir Eustace Pedler to bring him on board as his secretary? It would be a unique chance of getting safely out of England, and dodging the hue and cry. But how did he square Sir Eustace? It looks as though he had some hold over him." "Or over Pagett," I suggested in spite of myself. "You don't seem to like Pagett, Anne. Sir Eustace says he's a most capable and hard-working young man. And, really, he may be for all we know against him. Well, to continue my surmises. Rayburn is the ‘Man in the Brown Suit.' He had read the paper he dropped. Therefore, misled by the dot as you were, he attempts to reach Cabin 17 at one o'clock on the 22nd, having previously tried to get possession of the cabin through Pagett. On the way there somebody knifes him— "Who?" I interpolated. "Chichester. Yes, it all fits in. Cable to Lord Nasby that you have found ‘The Man in the Brown Suit,' and your fortune's made, Anne!" "There are several things you've overlooked." "What things? Rayburn's got a scar, I know—but a scar can be faked easily enough. He's the right height and build. What's the description of a head with which you pulverized them at Scotland Yard?" I trembled. Suzanne was a well-educated, well-read woman, but I prayed that she might not be conversant with technical terms of anthropology. "Dolichocephalic," I said lightly. Suzanne looked doubtful. "Was that it?" "Yes. Long-headed, you know. A head whose width is less than 75 per cent. of its length," I explained fluently. There was a pause. I was just beginning to breathe freely when Suzanne said suddenly: "What's the opposite?" "What do you mean—the opposite?" "Well, there must be an opposite. What do you call the heads whose breadth is more than 75 per cent. of their length." "Brachycephalic," I murmured unwillingly. "That's it. I thought that was what you said." "Did I? It was a slip of the tongue. I meant dolichocephalic," I said with all the assurance I could muster. Suzanne looked at me searchingly. Then she laughed. "You lie very well, Gipsy girl. But it will save time and trouble now if you tell me all about it." "There's nothing to tell," I said unwillingly. "Isn't there?" said Suzanne gently. "I suppose I shall have to tell you," I said slowly. "I'm not ashamed of it. You can't be ashamed of something that just—happens to you. That's what he did. He was detestable—rude and ungrateful—but that I think I understand. It's like a dog that's been chained up—or That's what he was like—bitter and snarling. I don't know why I care—but I do. I care horribly. Just seeing him has turned my whole life upside-down. I love him. I want him. I'll walk all over Africa barefoot till I find him, and I'll make him care for me. I'd die for him. I'd work for him, slave for him, steal for him, even beg or borrow for him! There—now you know!" Suzanne looked at me for a long time. "You're very un-English, Gipsy girl," she said at last. "There's not a scrap of the sentimental about you. I've never met any one who was at once so practical and so passionate. I shall never care for any one like that—mercifully for me—and yet—and yet I envy you, Gipsy girl. It's something to be able to care. Most people can't. But what a mercy for your little doctor man that you didn't marry him. He doesn't sound at all the sort of individual who would enjoy keeping high explosive in the house! So there's to be no cabling to Lord Nasby?" I shook my head. "And yet you believe him to be innocent?" "I also believe that innocent people can be hanged." "Hm! yes. But, Anne dear, you can face facts, face them now. In spite of all you say, he may have murdered this woman." "No," I said. "He didn't." "That's sentiment." "No, it isn't. He might have killed her. He may even have followed her there with that idea in his mind. But he wouldn't take a bit of black cord and strangle her with it. If he'd done it, he would have strangled her with his bare hands." Suzanne gave a little shiver. Her eyes narrowed appreciatively. "Hm! Anne, I am beginning to see why you find this young man of yours so attractive!" I got an opportunity of tackling Colonel Race on the following morning. The auction of the sweep had just been concluded, and we walked up and down the deck together. "How's the gipsy this morning? Longing for land and her caravan?" I shook my head. "Now that the sea is behaving so nicely, I feel I should like to stay on it for ever and ever." "What enthusiasm!" "Well, isn't it lovely this morning?" We leant together over the rail. It was a glassy calm. The sea looked as though it had been oiled. There were great patches of colour on it, blue, pale green, emerald, purple and deep orange, like a cubist picture. There was an occasional flash of silver that showed the flying fish. The air was moist and warm, almost sticky. Its breath was like a perfumed caress. "That was a very interesting story you told us last night," I said, breaking the silence. "Which one?" "The one about the diamonds." "I believe women are always interested in diamonds." "Of course we are. By the way, what became of the other young man? You said there were two of them." "Young Lucas? Well, of course, they couldn't prosecute one without the other, so he went scot-free too." "And what happened to him—eventually, I mean. Does any one know?" Colonel Race was looking straight ahead of him out to sea. His face was as devoid of expression as a mask, but I had an idea that he did not like my questions. Nevertheless, he replied readily enough: "He went to the War and acquitted himself bravely. He was reported Missing and Wounded—believed killed." That told me what I wanted to know. I asked no more. But more than ever I wondered how much Colonel Race knew. The part he was playing in all this puzzled me. One other thing I did. That was to interview the night steward. With a little financial encouragement, I soon got him to talk. "The lady wasn't frightened, was she, miss? It seemed a harmless sort of joke. A bet, or so I understood." I got it all out of him, little by little. On the voyage from Cape Town to England one of the passengers had handed him a roll of films with instructions that they were to be dropped onto the bunk in Cabin 71 at 1 a.m. on January 22nd on the outward journey. A lady would be occupying the cabin, and the affair was described as a bet. I gathered that the steward had been liberally paid for his part in the transaction. The lady's name had not been mentioned. Of course, as Mrs. Blair went straight into Cabin 71, interviewing the purser as soon as she got on board, it never occurred to the steward that she was not the lady in question. The name of the passenger who had arranged the transaction was Carton, and his description tallied exactly with that of the man killed on the Tube. So one mystery, at all events, was cleared up, and the diamonds were obviously the key to the whole situation. Those last days on the _Kilmorden_ seemed to pass very quickly. As we drew nearer and nearer to Cape Town, I was forced to consider carefully my future plans. There were so many people I wanted to keep an eye on. Mr. Chichester, Sir Eustace and his secretary, and—yes, Colonel Race! What was I to do about it? Naturally it was Chichester who had first claim on my attention. Indeed, I was on the point of reluctantly dismissing Sir Eustace and Mr. Pagett from their position of suspicious characters, when a chance conversation awakened fresh doubts in my mind. I had not forgotten Mr. Pagett's incomprehensible emotion at the mention of Florence. On the last evening on board we were all sitting on deck and Sir Eustace addressed a perfectly innocent question to his secretary. I forget exactly what it was, something to do with railway delays in Italy, but at once I noticed that Mr. Pagett was displaying the same uneasiness which had caught my attention before. When Sir Eustace claimed Mrs. Blair for a dance, I quickly moved into the chair next to the secretary. I was determined to get to the bottom of the matter. "I have always longed to go to Italy," I said. "And especially to Florence. Didn't you enjoy it very much there?" "Indeed I did, Miss Beddingfeld. If you will excuse me, there is some correspondence of Sir Eustace's that— I took hold of him firmly by his coat sleeve. "Oh, you mustn't run away!" I cried with the skittish accent of an elderly dowager. "I'm sure Sir Eustace wouldn't like you to leave me alone with no one to talk to. You never seem to want to talk about Florence. Oh, Mr. Pagett, I believe you have a guilty secret!" I still had my hand on his arm, and I could feel the sudden start he gave. "Not at all, Miss Beddingfeld, not at all," he said earnestly. "I should be only too delighted to tell you all about it, but there really are some cables— "Oh, Mr. Pagett, what a thin pretence. I shall tell Sir Eustace— I got no further. He gave another jump. The man's nerves seemed in a shocking state. "What is it you want to know?" The resigned martyrdom of his tone made me smile inwardly. "Oh, everything! The pictures, the olive trees— I paused, rather at a loss myself. "I suppose you speak Italian?" I resumed. "Not a word, unfortunately. But of course, with hall porters and—er—guides." "Exactly," I hastened to reply. "And which was your favourite picture?" "Oh, er—the Madonna—er—Raphael, you know." "Dear old Florence," I murmured sentimentally. "So picturesque on the banks of the Arno. A beautiful river. And the Duomo, you remember the Duomo?" "Of course, of course." "Another beautiful river, is it not?" I hazarded. "Almost more beautiful than the Arno?" "Decidedly so, I should say." Emboldened by the success of my little trap, I proceeded further. But there was little room for doubt. Mr. Pagett delivered himself into my hands with every word he uttered. The man had never been in Florence in his life. But, if not in Florence, where had he been? In England? Actually in England at the time of the Mill House Mystery? I decided on a bold step. "The curious thing is," I said, "that I fancied I had seen you before somewhere. But I must be mistaken—since you were in Florence at the time. And yet— I studied him frankly. There was a hunted look in his eyes. He passed his tongue over his dry lips. "Where—er—where— "—did I think I had seen you?" I finished for him. "At Marlow. You know Marlow? Why, of course, how stupid of me, Sir Eustace has a house there!" But with an incoherent muttered excuse, my victim rose and fled. That night I invaded Suzanne's cabin, alight with excitement. "You see, Suzanne," I urged, as I finished my tale, "he was in England, in Marlow, at the time of the murder. Are you so sure now that ‘The Man in the Brown Suit' is guilty." "I'm sure of one thing," said Suzanne, twinkling unexpectedly. "What's that?" "That ‘The Man in the Brown Suit' is better looking than poor Mr. Pagett. No, Anne, don't get cross. I was only teasing. Sit down here. Joking apart, I think you've made a very important discovery. Up till now, we've considered Pagett as having an alibi. Now we know he hasn't." "Exactly," I said. "We must keep an eye on him." "As well as everybody else," she said ruefully. "Well, that's one of the things I wanted to talk to you about. That—and finance. No, don't stick your nose in the air. I know you are absurdly proud and independent, but you've got to listen to horse sense over this. We're partners—I wouldn't offer you a penny because I liked you, or because you're a friendless girl—what I want is a thrill, and I'm prepared to pay for it. We're going into this together regardless of expense. To begin with you'll come with me to the Mount Nelson Hotel at my expense, and we'll plan out our campaign." We argued the point. In the end I gave in. But I didn't like it. I wanted to do the thing on my own. "That's settled," said Suzanne at last, getting up and stretching herself with a big yawn. "I'm exhausted with my own eloquence. Now then, let us discuss our victims. Mr. Chichester is going on to Durban. Sir Eustace is going to the Mount Nelson Hotel in Cape Town and then up to Rhodesia. He's going to have a private car on the railway, and in a moment of expansion, after his fourth glass of champagne the other night, he offered me a place in it. I dare say he didn't really mean it, but, all the same, he can't very well back out if I hold him to it." "Good," I approved. "You keep an eye on Sir Eustace and Pagett, and I take on Chichester. But what about Colonel Race?" Suzanne looked at me queerly. "Anne, you can't possibly suspect— "I do. I suspect everybody. I'm in the mood when one looks round for the most unlikely person." "Colonel Race is going to Rhodesia too," said Suzanne thoughtfully. "If we could arrange for Sir Eustace to invite him also— "You can manage it. You can manage anything." "I love butter," purred Suzanne. We parted on the understanding that Suzanne should employ her talents to the best advantage. I felt too excited to go to bed immediately. It was my last night on board. Early to-morrow morning we should be in Table Bay. I slipped up on deck. The breeze was fresh and cool. The boat was rolling a little in the choppy sea. The decks were dark and deserted. It was after midnight. I leaned over the rail, watching the phosphorescent trail of foam. Ahead of us lay Africa, we were rushing towards it through the dark water. I felt alone in a wonderful world. Wrapped in a strange peace, I stood there, taking no heed of time, lost in a dream. And suddenly I had a curious intimate premonition of danger. I had heard nothing, but I swung round instinctively. A shadowy form had crept up behind me. As I turned, it sprang. One hand gripped my throat, stifling any cry I might have uttered. I fought desperately, but I had no chance. I was half choking from the grip on my throat, but I bit and clung and scratched in the most approved feminine fashion. The man was handicapped by having to keep me from crying out. If he had succeeded in reaching me unawares it would have been easy enough for him to sling me overboard with a sudden heave. The sharks would have taken care of the rest. Struggle as I would, I felt myself weakening. My assailant felt it too. He put out all his strength. And then, running on swift noiseless feet, another shadow joined in. With one blow of his fist, he sent my opponent crashing headlong to the deck. Released, I fell back against the rail, sick and trembling. My rescuer turned to me with a quick movement. "You're hurt!" There was something savage in his tone—a menace against the person who had dared to hurt me. Even before he spoke I had recognized him. It was my man—the man with the scar. But that one moment in which his attention had been diverted to me had been enough for the fallen enemy. Quick as a flash he had risen to his feet and taken to his heels down the deck. With an oath Rayburn sprang after him. I always hate being out of things. I joined the chase—a bad third. Round the deck we went to the starboard side of the ship. There by the saloon door lay the man in a crumpled heap. Rayburn was bending over him. "Did you hit him again?" I called breathlessly. "There was no need," he replied grimly. "I found him collapsed by the door. Or else he couldn't get it open and is shamming. We'll soon see about that. And we'll see who he is too." With a beating heart I drew near. I had realized at once that my assailant was a bigger man than Chichester. Anyway, Chichester was a flabby creature who might use a knife at a pinch, but who would have little strength in his bare hands. Rayburn struck a match. We both uttered an ejaculation. The man was Guy Pagett. Rayburn appeared absolutely stupefied by the discovery. "Pagett," he muttered. "My God, Pagett." I felt a slight sense of superiority. "You seem surprised." "I am," he said heavily. "I never suspected— He wheeled suddenly round on me. "And you? You're not? You recognized him, I suppose, when he attacked you?" "No, I didn't. All the same, I'm not so very surprised." He stared at me suspiciously. "Where do you come in, I wonder? And how much do you know?" I smiled. "A good deal, Mr.—er—Lucas!" He caught my arm, the unconscious strength of his grip made me wince. "Where did you get that name?" he asked hoarsely. "Isn't it yours?" I demanded sweetly. "Or do you prefer to be called ‘The Man in the Brown Suit'?" That did stagger him. He released my arm and fell back a pace or two. "Are you a girl or a witch?" he breathed. "I'm a friend." I advanced a step towards him. "I offered you my help once—I offer it again. Will you have it?" The fierceness of his answer took me aback. "No. I'll have no truck with you or with any woman. Do your damnedest." As before, my own temper began to rise. "Perhaps," I said, "you don't realize how much in my power you are? A word from me to the Captain— "Say it," he sneered. Then advancing with a quick step: "And whilst we're realizing things, my girl, do you realize that you're in _my_ power this minute? I could take you by the throat like this." With a swift gesture he suited the action to the word. I felt his two hands clasp my throat and press—ever so little. "Like this—and squeeze the life out of you! And then—like our unconscious friend here, but with more success—fling your dead body to the sharks. What do you say to that?" I said nothing. I laughed. And yet I knew that the danger was real. Just at that moment he hated me. But I knew that I loved the danger, loved the feeling of his hands on my throat. That I would not have exchanged that moment for any other moment in my life. . . . With a short laugh he released me. "What's your name?" he asked abruptly. "Anne Beddingfeld." "Does nothing frighten you, Anne Beddingfeld?" "Oh, yes," I said, with an assumption of coolness I was far from feeling. "Wasps, sarcastic women, very young men, cockroaches, and superior shop assistants." He gave the same short laugh as before. Then he stirred the unconscious form of Pagett with his feet. "What shall we do with this junk? Throw it overboard?" he asked carelessly. "If you like," I answered with equal calm. "I admire your whole-hearted, blood-thirsty instincts, Miss Beddingfeld. But we will leave him to recover at his leisure. He is not seriously hurt." "You shrink from a second murder, I see," I said sweetly. "A second murder?" He looked genuinely puzzled. "The woman at Marlow," I reminded him, watching the effect of my words closely. An ugly brooding expression settled down on his face. He seemed to have forgotten my presence. "I might have killed her," he said. "Sometimes I believe that I meant to kill her. . . ." A wild rush of feeling, hatred of the dead woman, surged through me. _I_ could have killed her that moment, had she stood before me. . . . For he must have loved her once—he must—he must—to have felt like that! I regained control of myself and spoke in my normal voice: "We seem to have said all there is to be said—except good night." "Good night and good-bye, Miss Beddingfeld." "Au revoir, Mr. Lucas." Again he flinched at the name. He came nearer. "Why do you say that—au revoir, I mean?" "Because I have a fancy that we shall meet again." "Not if I can help it!" Emphatic as his tone was, it did not offend me. On the contrary I hugged myself with secret satisfaction. I am not quite a fool. "All the same," I said gravely, "I think we shall." "Why?" I shook my head, unable to explain the feeling that had actuated my words. "I never wish to see you again," he said suddenly and violently. It was really a very rude thing to say, but I only laughed softly and slipped away into the darkness. I heard him start after me, and then pause, and a word floated down the deck. I think it was a "witch"! _(Extract from the diary of Sir Eustace Pedler)_ Mount Nelson Hotel, Cape Town. It is really the greatest relief to get off the _Kilmorden._ The whole time that I was on board I was conscious of being surrounded by a network of intrigue. To put the lid on everything, Guy Pagett must needs engage in a drunken brawl the last night. It is all very well to explain it away, but that is what it actually amounts to. What else would you think if a man comes to you with a lump the size of an egg on the side of his head and an eye coloured all the tints of the rainbow? Of course Pagett would insist on trying to be mysterious about the whole thing. According to him, you would think his black eye was the direct result of his devotion to my interests. His story was extraordinarily vague and rambling, and it was a long time before I could make head or tail of it. To begin with, it appears he caught sight of a man behaving suspiciously. Those are Pagett's words. He has taken them straight from the pages of a German Spy Story. What he means by a man behaving suspiciously he doesn't know himself. I said so to him. "He was slinking along in a very furtive manner, and it was the middle of the night, Sir Eustace." "Well, what were you doing yourself? Why weren't you in bed and asleep like a good Christian?" I demanded irritably. "I had been coding those cables of yours, Sir Eustace, and typing the diary up to date." Trust Pagett to be always in the right and a martyr over it! "Well?" "I just thought I would have a look around before The man was coming down the passage from your cabin. I thought at once there was something wrong by the way he looked about him. He slunk up the stairs by the saloon. I followed him. "My dear Pagett," I said, "why shouldn't the poor chap go on deck without having his footsteps dogged? Lots of people even sleep on deck—very uncomfortable, I've always thought. The sailors wash you down with the rest of the deck at five in the morning." I shuddered at the idea. "Anyway," I continued, "if you went worrying some poor devil who was suffering from insomnia, I don't wonder he landed you one." Pagett looked patient. "If you would hear me out, Sir Eustace. I was convinced the man had been prowling about near your cabin where he had no business to be. The only two cabins down that passage are yours and Colonel Race's." "Race," I said, lighting a cigar carefully, "can look after himself without your assistance, Pagett." I added as an afterthought: "So can I." Pagett came nearer and breathed heavily as he always does before imparting a secret. "You see, Sir Eustace, I fancied—and now indeed I am sure—it was Rayburn." "Rayburn?" "Yes, Sir Eustace." I shook my head. "Rayburn has far too much sense to attempt to wake me up in the middle of the night." "Quite so, Sir Eustace. I think it was Colonel Race he went to see. A secret meeting—for orders!" "Don't hiss at me, Pagett," I said, drawing back a little, "and do control your breathing. Your idea is absurd. Why should they want to have a secret meeting in the middle of the night? If they'd anything to say to each other, they could hob-nob over beef-tea in a perfectly casual and natural manner." I could see that Pagett was not in the least convinced. _"Something_ was going on last night, Sir Eustace," he urged, "or why should Rayburn assault me so brutally." "You're quite sure it was Rayburn?" Pagett appeared to be perfectly convinced of that. It was the only part of the story that he wasn't vague about. "There's something very queer about all this," he said. "To begin with, where _is_ Rayburn?" It's perfectly true that we haven't seen the fellow since we came on shore. He did not come up to the hotel with us. I decline to believe that he is afraid of Pagett, however. Altogether the whole thing is very annoying. One of my secretaries has vanished into the blue, and the other looks like a disreputable prize-fighter. I can't take him about with me in his present condition. I shall be the laughing-stock of Cape Town. I have an appointment later in the day to deliver old Milray's _billet-doux,_ but I shall not take Pagett with me. Confound the fellow and his prowling ways. Altogether I am decidedly out of temper. I had poisonous breakfast with poisonous people. Dutch waitresses with thick ankles who took half an hour to bring me a bad bit of fish. And this farce of getting up at 5 a.m. on arrival at the port to see a blinking doctor and hold your hands above your head simply makes me tired. _Later._ A very serious thing has occurred. I went to my appointment with the Prime Minister, taking Milray's sealed letter. It didn't look as though it had been tampered with, but inside was a blank sheet of paper! Now, I suppose, I'm in the devil of a mess. Why I ever let that bleating old fool Milray embroil me in the matter I can't think. Pagett is a famous Job's comforter. He displays a certain gloomy satisfaction that maddens me. Also, he has taken advantage of my perturbation to saddle me with the stationery trunk. Unless he is careful, the next funeral he attends will be his own. However, in the end I had to listen to him. "Supposing, Sir Eustace, that Rayburn had overheard a word or two of your conversation with Mr. Milray in the street? Remember, you had no written authority from Mr. Milray. You accepted Rayburn on his own valuation." "You think Rayburn is a crook, then?" I said slowly. Pagett did. How far his views were influenced by resentment over his black eye I don't know. He made out a pretty fair case against Rayburn. And the appearance of the latter told against him. My idea was to do nothing in the matter. A man who has permitted himself to be made a thorough fool of is not anxious to broadcast the fact. But Pagett, his energy unimpaired by his recent misfortunes, was all for vigorous measures. He had his way of course. He bustled out to the police station, sent innumerable cables, and brought a herd of English and Dutch officials to drink whiskies and sodas at my expense. We got Milray's answer that evening. He knew nothing of my late secretary! There was only one spot of comfort to be extracted from the situation. "At any rate," I said to Pagett, "you weren't poisoned. You had one of your ordinary bilious attacks." I saw him wince. It was my only score. _Later._ Pagett is in his element. His brain positively scintillates with bright ideas. He will have it now that Rayburn is none other than the famous "Man in the Brown Suit." I dare say he is right. He usually is. But all this is getting unpleasant. The sooner I get off to Rhodesia the better. I have explained to Pagett that he is not to accompany me. "You see, my dear fellow," I said, "you must remain here on the spot. You might be required to identify Rayburn any minute. And, besides, I have my dignity as an English Member of Parliament to think of. I can't go about with a secretary who has apparently recently been indulging in a vulgar street-brawl." Pagett winced. He is such a respectable fellow that his appearance is pain and tribulation to him. "But what will you do about your correspondence and the notes for your speeches, Sir Eustace?" "I shall manage," I said airily. "Your private car is to be attached to the eleven-o'clock train to-morrow, Wednesday, morning," Pagett continued. "I have made all arrangements. Is Mrs. Blair taking a maid with her?" "Mrs. Blair?" I gasped. "She tells me you offered her a place." So I did, now I come to think of it. On the night of the Fancy Dress ball. I even urged her to come. But I never thought she would! Delightful as she is, I do not know that I want Mrs. Blair's society all the way to Rhodesia and back. Women require such a lot of attention. And they are confoundedly in the way sometimes. "Have I asked any one else?" I said nervously. One does these things in moments of expansion. "Mrs. Blair seemed to think you had asked Colonel Race as well." I groaned. "I must have been very drunk if I asked Race. Very drunk indeed. Take my advice, Pagett, and let your black eye be a warning to you, don't go on the bust again." "As you know, I am a teetotaller, Sir Eustace." "Much wiser to take the pledge if you have a weakness that way. I haven't asked any one else, have I, Pagett?" "Not that I know of, Sir Eustace." I heaved a sigh of relief. "There's Miss Beddingfeld," I said thoughtfully. "She wants to get to Rhodesia to dig up bones, I believe. I've a good mind to offer her a temporary job as a secretary. She can typewrite, I know, for she told me so." To my surprise, Pagett opposed the idea vehemently. He does not like Anne Beddingfeld. Ever since the night of the black eye, he has displayed uncontrollable emotion whenever she is mentioned. Pagett is full of mysteries nowadays. Just to annoy him, I shall ask the girl. As I said before, she has extremely nice legs. _(Anne's Narrative Resumed)_ I don't suppose that as long as I live I shall forget my first sight of Table Mountain. I got up frightfully early and went out on deck. I went right up to the boat deck, which I believe is a heinous offence, but I decided to dare something in the cause of solitude. We were just steaming into Table Bay. There were fleecy white clouds hovering above Table Mountain, and nestling on the slopes below, right down to the sea, was the sleeping town, gilded and bewitched by the morning sunlight. It made me catch my breath and have that curious hungry pain inside that seizes one sometimes when one comes across something that's extra beautiful. I'm not very good at expressing these things, but I knew well enough that I had found, if only for a fleeting moment, the thing that I had been looking for ever since I left Little Hampsly. Something new, something hitherto undreamed of, something that satisfied my aching hunger for romance. Perfectly silently, or so it seemed to me, the _Kilmorden_ glided nearer and nearer. It was still very like a dream. Like all dreamers, however, I could not let my dream alone. We poor humans are so anxious not to miss anything. "This is South Africa," I kept saying to myself industriously, "South Africa, South Africa. You are seeing the world. This is the world. You are seeing it. Think of it, Anne Beddingfeld, you pudding-head. You're seeing the world." I had thought that I had the boat deck to myself, but now I observed another figure leaning over the rail, absorbed as I had been in the rapidly approaching city. Even before he turned his head I knew who it was. The scene of last night seemed unreal and melodramatic in the peaceful morning sunlight. What must he have thought of me? It made me hot to realize the things that I had said. And I hadn't meant them—or had I? I turned my head resolutely away and stared hard at Table Mountain. If Rayburn had come up here to be alone, I, at least, need not disturb him by advertising my presence. But to my intense surprise I heard a light footfall on the deck behind me, and then his voice, pleasant and normal: "Miss Beddingfeld." "Yes?" I turned. "I want to apologize to you. I behaved like a perfect boor last night." "It—it was a peculiar night," I said hastily. It was not a very lucid remark, but it was absolutely the only thing I could think of. "Will you forgive me?" I held out my hand without a word. He took it. "There's something else I want to say." His gravity deepened. "Miss Beddingfeld, you may not know it, but you are mixed up in a rather dangerous business." "I gathered as much," I said. "No, you don't. You can't possibly know. I want to warn you. Leave the whole thing alone. It can't concern you really. Don't let your curiosity lead you to tamper with other people's business. No, please don't get angry again. I'm not speaking of myself. You've no idea of what you might come up against—these men will stop at nothing. They are absolutely ruthless. Already you're in danger—look at last night. They fancy you know something. Your only chance is to persuade them that they're mistaken. But be careful, always be on the look out for danger, and, look here, if at any time you should fall into their hands, don't try and be clever—tell the whole truth, it will be your only chance." "You make my flesh creep, Mr. Rayburn," I said, with some truth. "Why do you take the trouble to warn me?" He did not answer for some minutes, then he said in a low voice: "It may be the last thing I can do for you. Once on shore I shall be all right—but I may not get on shore." "What?" I cried. "You see, I'm afraid you're not the only person on board who knows that I am ‘The Man in the Brown Suit.'" "If you think that I told— I said hotly. He reassured me with a smile. "I don't doubt you, Miss Beddingfeld. If I ever said I did, I lied. No, but there's one person on board who's known all along. He's only got to speak—and my number's up. All the same, I'm taking a sporting chance that he won't speak." "Why?" "Because he's a man who likes playing a lone hand. And when the police have got me I should be of no further use to him. Free, I might be! Well, an hour will show." He laughed rather mockingly, but I saw his face harden. If he had gambled with Fate, he was a good gambler. He could lose and smile. "In any case," he said lightly, "I don't suppose we shall meet again." "No," I said slowly. "I suppose not." "So—good-bye." "Good-bye." He gripped my hand hard, just for a minute his curious light eyes seemed to burn into mine, then he turned abruptly and left me. I heard his footsteps ringing along the deck. They echoed and re-echoed. I felt that I should hear them always. Footsteps—going out of my life. I can admit frankly that I did not enjoy the next two hours. Not till I stood on the wharf, having finished with most of the ridiculous formalities that bureaucracies require, did I breathe freely once more. No arrest had been made, and I realized that it was a heavenly day, and that I was extremely hungry. I joined Suzanne. In any case, I was staying the night with her at the hotel. The boat did not go on to Port Elizabeth and Durban until the following morning. We got into a taxi and drove to the Mount Nelson. It was all heavenly. The sun, the air, the flowers! When I thought of Little Hampsly in January, the mud knee-deep, and the sure-to-be-falling rain, I hugged myself with delight. Suzanne was not nearly so enthusiastic. She has travelled a great deal of course. Besides, she is not the type that gets excited before breakfast. She snubbed me severely when I let out an enthusiastic yelp at the sight of a giant blue convolvulus. By the way, I should like to make it clear here and now that this story will not be a story of South Africa. I guarantee no genuine local colour—you know the sort of thing—half a dozen words in italics on every page. I admire it very much, but I can't do it. In South Sea Islands, of course, you make an immediate reference to _bêche-de-mer._ I don't know what _bêche-de-mer_ is, I never have known, I probably never shall know. I've guessed once or twice and guessed wrong. In South Africa I know you at once begin to talk about a _stoep_—I do know what a _stoep_ is—it's the thing round a house and you sit on it. In various other parts of the world you call it a veranda, a piazza, and a ha-ha. Then again, there are pawpaws. I had often read of pawpaws. I discovered at once what they were, because I had one plumped down in front of me for breakfast. I thought at first that it was a melon gone bad. The Dutch waitress enlightened me, and persuaded me to use lemon juice and sugar and try again. I was very pleased to meet a pawpaw. I had always vaguely associated it with a _hula-hula,_ which, I believe, though I may be wrong, is a kind of straw skirt that Hawaiian girls dance in. No, I think I am wrong—that is a _lava-lava._ At any rate, all these things are very cheering after England. I can't help thinking that it would brighten our cold Island life if one could have a breakfast of _bacon-bacon,_ and then go out clad in a _jumper-jumper_ to pay the books. Suzanne was a little tamer after breakfast. They had given me a room next to hers with a lovely view right out over Table Bay. I looked at the view whilst Suzanne hunted for some special face-cream. When she had found it and started an immediate application, she became capable of listening to me. "Did you see Sir Eustace?" I asked. "He was marching out of the breakfast room as we went in. He'd had some bad fish or something and was just telling the head waiter what he thought about it, and he bounced a peach on the floor to show how hard it was—only it wasn't quite as hard as he thought and it squashed." Suzanne smiled. "Sir Eustace doesn't like getting up early any more than I do. But, Anne, did you see Mr. Pagett? I ran against him in the passage. He's got a black eye. What can he have been doing?" "Only trying to push me overboard," I replied nonchalantly. It was a distinct score for me. Suzanne left her face half anointed and pressed for details. I gave them to her. "It all gets more and more mysterious," she cried. "I thought I was going to have the soft job sticking to Sir Eustace, and that you would have all the fun with the Rev. Edward Chichester, but now I'm not so sure. I hope Pagett won't push me off the train some dark night." "I think you're still above suspicion, Suzanne. But, if the worst happens, I'll wire to Clarence." "That reminds me—give me a cable form. Let me see now, what shall I say. ‘Implicated in the most thrilling mystery please send me a thousand pounds at once Suzanne.'" I took the form from her, and pointed out that she could eliminate a "the," an "a," and possibly, if she didn't care about being polite, a "please." Suzanne, however, appears to be perfectly reckless in money matters. Instead of attending to my economical suggestions, she added three words more: "enjoying myself hugely." Suzanne was engaged to lunch with friends of hers, who came to the hotel about eleven o'clock to fetch her. I was left to my own devices. I went down through the grounds of the hotel, crossed the tram-lines and followed a cool shady avenue right down till I came to the main street. I strolled about, seeing the sights, enjoying the sunlight and the black-faced sellers of flowers and fruits. I also discovered a place where they had the most delicious ice-cream sodas. Finally, I bought a sixpenny basket of peaches and retraced my steps to the hotel. To my surprise and pleasure I found a note awaiting me. It was from the curator of the Museum. He had read of my arrival on the _Kilmorden,_ in which I was described as the daughter of the late Professor Beddingfeld. He had known my father slightly and had had a great admiration for him. He went on to say that his wife would be delighted if I would come out and have tea with them that afternoon at their Villa at Muizenberg. He gave me instructions for getting there. It was pleasant to think that poor Papa was still remembered and highly thought of. I foresaw that I would have to be personally escorted round the Museum before I left Cape Town, but I risked that. To most people it would have been a treat—but one can have too much of a good thing if one is brought up on it, morning, noon and night. I put on my best hat (one of Suzanne's cast-offs) and my least crumpled white linen and started off after lunch. I caught a fast train to Muizenberg and got there in about half an hour. It was a nice trip. We wound slowly round the base of Table Mountain, and some of the flowers were lovely. My geography being weak, I had never fully realized that Cape Town is on a peninsula, consequently I was rather surprised on getting out of the train to find myself facing the sea once more. There was some perfectly entrancing bathing going on. The people had short curved boards and came floating in on the waves. It was far too early to go to tea. I made for the bathing pavilion, and when they said would I have a surf board, I said "Yes, please." Surfing looks perfectly easy. _It isn't._ I say no more. I got very angry and fairly hurled my plank from me. Nevertheless, I determined to return on the first possible opportunity and have another go. I would not be beaten. Quite by mistake I then got a good run on my board, and came out delirious with happiness. Surfing is like that. You are either vigorously cursing or else you are idiotically pleased with yourself. I found the Villa Medgee after some little difficulty. It was I asked, laughing. "All day long," replied Sir Eustace gallantly. "I shan't get much typing done at that rate," I reminded him. "That doesn't matter. All this work is Pagett's idea. He works me to death. I'm looking forward to leaving him behind in Cape Town." "He is staying behind?" "Yes, he'll enjoy himself thoroughly sleuthing about after Rayburn. That's the sort of thing suits Pagett down to the ground. He adores intrigue. But I'm quite serious in my offer. Will you come? Mrs. Blair here is a competent chaperon, and you can have a half-holiday every now and again to dig for bones." "Thank you very much, Sir Eustace," I said cautiously, "but I think I'm leaving for Durban to-night." "Now don't be an obstinate girl. Remember, there are lots of lions in Rhodesia. You'll like lions. All girls do." "Will they be practising low jumps?" I asked, laughing. "No, thank you very much, but I must go to Durban." Sir Eustace looked at me, sighed deeply, then opened the door of the adjoining room and called to Pagett. "If you've quite finished your afternoon sleep, my dear fellow, perhaps you'd do a little work for change." Guy Pagett appeared in the doorway. He bowed to us both, starting slightly at the sight of me, and replied in a melancholy voice: "I have been typing that memorandum all this afternoon, Sir Eustace." "Well, stop typing it then. Go down to the Trade Commissioner's Office, or the Board of Agriculture, or the Chamber of Mines, or one of these places, and ask them to lend me some kind of a woman to take to Rhodesia. She must have liquid eyes and not object to my holding her hand." "Yes, Sir Eustace. I will ask for a competent short-hand-typist." "Pagett's a malicious fellow," said Sir Eustace, after the secretary had departed. "I'd be prepared to bet that he'll pick out some slab-faced creature on purpose to annoy me. She must have nice feet too—I forgot to mention that." I clutched Suzanne excitedly by the hand and almost dragged her along to her room. "Now, Suzanne," I said, "we've got to make plans—and make them quickly. Pagett is staying behind here—you heard that?" "Yes. I suppose that means that I shan't be allowed to go to Rhodesia—which is very annoying, because I _want_ to go to Rhodesia. How tiresome." "Cheer up," I said. "You're going all right. I don't see how you could back out at the last moment without its appearing frightfully suspicious. And, besides, Pagett might suddenly be summoned by Sir Eustace, and it would be far harder for you to attach yourself to him for the journey up." "It would hardly be respectable," said Suzanne, dimpling. "I should have to pretend a fatal passion for him as an excuse." "On the other hand, if you were there when he arrived, it would all be perfectly simple and natural. Besides, I don't think we ought to lose sight of the other two entirely." "Oh, Anne, you surely can't suspect Colonel Race or Sir Eustace?" "I suspect everybody," I said darkly, "and if you've read any detective stories, Suzanne, you must know that it's always the most unlikely person who's the villain. Lots of criminals have been cheerful fat men like Sir Eustace." "Colonel Race isn't particularly fat—or particularly cheerful either." "Sometimes they're lean and saturnine," I retorted. "I don't say I seriously suspect either of them, but, after all, the woman was murdered in Sir Eustace's house— "Yes, yes, we needn't go over all that again. I'll watch him for you, Anne, and if he gets any fatter and any more cheerful, I'll send you a telegram at once. ‘Sir E. swelling. Highly suspicious. Come at once.'" "Really, Suzanne," I cried, "you seem to think all this is a game!" "I know I do," said Suzanne, unabashed. "It seems like that. It's your fault, Anne. I've got imbued with your ‘Let's have an adventure' spirit. It doesn't seem a bit real. Dear me, if Clarence knew that I was running about Africa tracking dangerous criminals, he'd have a fit." "Why don't you cable him about it?" I asked sarcastically. Suzanne's sense of humour always fails her when it comes to sending cables. She considered my suggestion in perfectly good faith. "I might. It would have to be a very long one." Her eyes brightened at the thought. "But I think it's better not. Husbands always want to interfere with perfectly harmless amusements." "Well," I said, summing up the situation, "you will keep an eye on Sir Eustace and Colonel Race— "I know why I've got to watch Sir Eustace," interrupted Suzanne, "because of his figure and his humorous conversation. But I think it's carrying it rather far to suspect Colonel Race, I do indeed. Why, he's something to do with the Secret Service. Do you know, Anne, I believe the best thing we could do would be to confide in him and tell him the whole story." I objected vigorously to this unsporting proposal. I recognized in it the disastrous effects of matrimony. How often have I not heard a perfectly intelligent female say, in the tone of one clinching an argument, _"Edgar_ says— And all the time you are perfectly aware that Edgar is a perfect fool. Suzanne, by reason of her married state, was yearning to lean upon some man or other. However, she promised faithfully that she would not breathe a word to Colonel Race, and we went on with our plan-making. "It's quite clear that I must stay here and watch Pagett, and this is the best way to do it. I must pretend to leave for Durban this evening, take my luggage down and so on, but really I shall go to some small hotel in the town. I can alter my appearance a little—wear a fair toupee and one of those thick white lace veils, and I shall have a much better chance of seeing what he's really at if he thinks I'm safely out of the way." Suzanne approved this plan heartily. We made due and ostentatious preparations, inquiring once more about the departure of the train at the office and packing my luggage. We dined together in the restaurant. Colonel Race did not appear, but Sir Eustace and Pagett were at their table in the window. Pagett left the table half-way through the meal, which annoyed me, as I had planned to say goodbye to him. However, doubtless Sir Eustace would do as well. I went over to him when I had finished. "Good-bye, Sir Eustace," I said. "I'm off to-night to Durban." Sir Eustace sighed heavily. "So I heard. You wouldn't like me to come with you, would you?" "I should love it." "Nice girl. Sure you won't change your mind and come and look for lions in Rhodesia?" "Quite sure." "He must be a very handsome fellow," said Sir Eustace plaintively. "Some young whipper-snapper in Durban, I suppose, who puts my mature charms completely in the shade. By the way, Pagett's going down in the car in a minute or two. He could take you to the station." "Oh, no, thank you," I said hastily. "Mrs. Blair and I have got our own taxi ordered." To go down with Guy Pagett was the last thing I wanted! Sir Eustace looked at me attentively. "I don't believe you like Pagett. I don't blame you. Of all the officious, interfering asses—going about with the air of a martyr, and doing everything he can to annoy and upset me!" "What has he done now?" I inquired with some curiosity. "He's got hold of a secretary for me. You never saw such a woman! Forty, if she's a day, wears pince-nez and sensible boots and an air of brisk efficiency that will be the death of me. A regular slab-faced woman." "Won't she hold your hand?" "I devoutly hope not!" exclaimed Sir Eustace. "That would be the last straw. Well, good-bye, liquid eyes. If I shoot a lion I shan't give you the skin—after the base way you've deserted me." He squeezed my hand warmly and we parted. Suzanne was waiting for me in the hall. She was to come down to see me off. "Let's start at once," I said hastily, and motioned to the man to get a taxi. Then a voice behind me made me start: "Excuse me, Miss Beddingfeld, but I'm just going down in a car. I can drop you and Mrs. Blair at the station." "Oh, thank you," I said hastily. "But there's no need to trouble you. I— "No trouble at all, I assure you. Put the luggage in, porter." I was helpless. I might have protested further, but a slight warning nudge from Suzanne urged me to be on my guard. "Thank you, Mr. Pagett," I said coldly. We all got into the car. As we raced down the road into the town, I racked my brains for something to say. In the end Pagett himself broke the silence. "I have secured a very capable secretary for Sir Eustace," he observed. "Miss Pettigrew." "He wasn't exactly raving about her just now," I remarked. Pagett looked at me coldly. "She is a proficient shorthand-typist," he said repressively. We pulled up in front of the station. Here surely he would leave us. I turned with outstretched hand—but no. "I'll come and see you off. It's just eight o'clock, your train goes in a quarter of an hour." He gave efficient directions to porters. I stood helpless, not daring to look at Suzanne. The man suspected. He was determined to make sure that I did go by the train. And what could I do? Nothing. I saw myself, in a quarter of an hour's time, steaming out of the station with Pagett planted on the platform waving me adieu. He had turned the tables on me adroitly. His manner towards me had changed, moreover. It was full of an uneasy geniality which sat ill upon him, and which nauseated me. The man was an oily hypocrite. First he tried to murder me, and now he paid me compliments! Did he imagine for one minute that I hadn't recognized him that night on the boat? No, it was a pose, a pose which he forced me to acquiesce in, his tongue in his cheek all the while. Helpless as a sheep, I moved along under his expert directions. My luggage was piled in my sleeping compartment—I had a two-berth one to myself. It was twelve minutes past eight. In three minutes the train would start. But Paggett had reckoned without Suzanne. "It will be a terribly hot journey, Anne," she said suddenly. "Especially going through the Karoo to-morrow. You've got some eau-de-Cologne or lavender water with you, haven't you?" My cue was plain. "Oh, dear," I cried. "I left my eau-de-Cologne on the dressing-table at the hotel." Suzanne's habit of command served her well. She turned imperiously to Pagett. "Mr. Pagett. Quick. You've just time. There's a chemist almost opposite the station. Anne must have some eau-de-Cologne." He hesitated, but Suzanne's imperative manner was too much for him. She is a born autocrat. He went. Suzanne followed him with her eyes till he disappeared. "Quick, Anne, get out the other side—in case he hasn't really gone, but is watching us from the end of the platform. Never mind your luggage. You can telegraph about that to-morrow. Oh, if only the train starts on time!" I opened the gate on the opposite side to the platform and climbed down. Nobody was observing me. I could just see Suzanne standing where I had left her, looking up at the train and apparently chatting to me at the window. A whistle blew, the train began to draw out. Then I heard feet racing furiously up the platform. I withdrew to the shadow of a friendly bookstall and watched. Suzanne turned from waving her handkerchief to the retreating train. "Too late, Mr. Pagett," she said cheerfully. "She's gone. Is that the eau-de-Cologne? What a pity we didn't think of it sooner!" They passed not far from me on their way out of the station. Guy Pagett was extremely hot. He had evidently run all the way to the chemist and back. "Shall I get you a taxi, Mrs. Blair?" Suzanne did not fail in her rôle. "Yes, please. Can't I give you a lift back? Have you much to do for Sir Eustace? Dear me, I wish Anne Beddingfeld was coming with us to-morrow. I don't like the idea of a young girl like that travelling off to Durban all by herself. But she was set upon it. Some little attraction there, I fancy— They passed out of ear-shot. Clever Suzanne. She had saved me. I allowed a minute or two to elapse and then I too made my way out of the station, almost colliding as I did so with a man—an unpleasant-looking man with a nose disproportionately big for his face. I had no further difficulty in carrying out my plans. I found a small hotel in a back street, got a room there, paid a deposit as I had no luggage with me, and went placidly to bed. On the following morning I was up early and went out into the town to purchase a modest wardrobe. My idea was to do nothing until after the departure of the eleven-o'clock train to Rhodesia with most of the party on board. Pagett was not likely to indulge in any nefarious activities until he had got rid of them. Accordingly I took a tram out of the town and proceeded to enjoy a country walk. It was comparatively cool, and I was glad to stretch my legs after the long voyage and my close confinement at Muizenberg. A lot hinges on small things. My shoe-lace came untied, and I stopped to do it up. The road had just turned a corner, and as I was bending over the offending shoe a man came right round and almost walked into me. He lifted his hat, murmuring an apology, and went on. It struck me at the time that his face was vaguely familiar, but at the moment I thought no more of it. I looked at my wrist-watch. The time was getting on. I turned my feet in the direction of Cape Town. There was a tram on the point of going and I had to run for it. I heard other footsteps running behind me. I swung myself on and so did the other runner. I recognized him at once. It was the man who had passed me on the road when my shoe came untied, and in a flash I knew why his face was familiar. It was the small man with the big nose whom I had run into on leaving the station the night before. The coincidence was rather startling. Could it be possible that the man was deliberately following me? I resolved to test that as promptly as possible. I rang the bell and got off at the next stop. The man did not get off. I withdrew into the shadow of a shop doorway and watched. He alighted at the next stop and walked back in my direction. The case was clear enough. I was being followed. I had crowed too soon. My victory over Guy Pagett took on another aspect. I hailed the next tram and, as I expected, my shadower also got on. I gave myself up to some very serious thinking. It was perfectly apparent that I had stumbled on a bigger thing than I knew. The murder in the house at Marlow was not an isolated incident committed by a solitary individual. I was up against a gang, and, thanks to Colonel Race's revelations to Suzanne, and what I had overheard at the house at Muizenberg, I was beginning to understand some of its manifold activities. Systematized crime, organized by the man known to his followers as the "Colonel"! I remembered some of the talk I had heard on board ship, of the strike on the Rand and the causes underlying it—and the belief that some secret organization was at work fomenting the agitation. That was the "Colonel's" work, his emissaries were acting according to plan. He took no part in these things himself, I had always heard, as he limited himself to directing and organizing. The brain-work—not the dangerous labour—for him. But still it well might be that he himself was on the spot, directing affairs from an apparently impeccable position. That, then, was the meaning of Colonel Race's presence on the _Kilmorden Castle._ He was out after the arch-criminal. Everything fitted in with that assumption. He was some one high up in the Secret Service whose business it was to lay the "Colonel" by the heels. I nodded to myself—things were becoming very clear to me. What of my part in the affair? Where did I come in? Was it only diamonds they were after? I shook my head. Great as the value of the diamonds might be, they hardly accounted for the desperate attempts which had been made to get me out of the way. No, I stood for more than that. In some way, unknown to myself, I was a menace, a danger! Some knowledge that I had, or that they thought I had, made them anxious to remove me at all costs—and that knowledge was bound up somehow with the diamonds. There was one person, I felt sure, who could enlighten me—if he would! The Man in the Brown Suit—Harry Rayburn. He knew the other half of the story. But he had vanished into the darkness, he was a hunted creature flying from pursuit. In all probability he and I would never meet again. . . . I brought myself back with a jerk to the actualities of the moment. It was no good thinking sentimentally of Harry Rayburn. He had displayed the greatest antipathy to me from the first. Or, at least——There I was again—dreaming! The real problem was what to do—_now!_ I, priding myself upon my rôle of watcher, had become the watched. And I was afraid! For the first time I began to lose my nerve. I was the little bit of grit that was impeding the smooth working of the great machine—and I fancied that the machine would have a short way with little bits of grit. Once Harry Rayburn had saved me, once I had saved myself—but I felt suddenly that the odds were heavily against me. My enemies were all around me in every direction, and they were closing in. If I continued to play a lone hand I was doomed. I rallied myself with an effort. After all, what could they do? I was in a civilized city—with policemen every few yards. I would be wary in future. They should not trap me again as they had done in Muizenberg. As I reached this point in my meditations, the train arrived at Adderly Street. I got out. Undecided what to do, I walked slowly up the left-hand side of the street. I did not trouble to look if my watcher was behind me. I knew he was. I walked into Cartwright's and ordered two coffee ice-cream sodas—to steady my nerves. A man, I suppose, would have had a stiff peg; but girls derive a lot of comfort from ice-cream sodas. I applied myself to the end of the straw with gusto. The cool liquid went trickling down my throat in the most agreeable manner. I pushed the first glass aside empty. I was sitting on one of the little high stools in front of the counter. Out of the tail of my eye, I saw my tracker come in and sit down unostentatiously at a little table near the door. I finished the second coffee soda and demanded a maple one. I can drink practically an unlimited amount of ice-cream sodas. Suddenly the man by the door got up and went out. That surprised me. If he was going to wait outside, why not wait outside from the beginning. I slipped down from my stool and went cautiously to the door. I drew back quickly into the shadow. The man was talking to Guy Pagett. If I had ever had any doubts, that would have settled it. Pagett had his watch out and was looking at it. They exchanged a few brief words, and then the secretary swung on down the street towards the station. Evidently he had given his orders. But what were they? Suddenly my heart leapt into my mouth. The man who had followed me crossed to the middle of the road and spoke to a policeman. He spoke at some length, gesticulating towards Cartwright's and evidently explaining something. I saw the plan at I was to be arrested on some charge or other—pocket-picking, perhaps. It would be easy enough for the gang to put through a simple little matter like that. Of what good to protest my innocence? They would have seen to every detail. Long ago they had brought a charge of robbing De Beers against Harry Rayburn, and he had not been able to disprove it, though I had little doubt but that he had been absolutely blameless. What chance had I against such a "frame up" as the "Colonel" could devise? I glanced up at the clock almost mechanically, and immediately another aspect of the case struck me. I saw the point of Guy Pagett's looking at his watch. It was just on eleven, and at eleven the mail train left for Rhodesia bearing with it the influential friends who might otherwise come to my rescue. That was the reason of my immunity up to now. From last night till eleven this morning I had been safe, but now the net was closing in upon me. I hurriedly opened my bag and paid for my drinks, and as I did so, my heart seemed to stand still, _for inside it was a man's wallet stuffed with notes!_ It must have been deftly introduced into my handbag as I left the tram. Promptly I lost my head. I hurried out of Cartwright's. The little man with the big nose and the policeman were just crossing the road. They saw me, and the little man designated me excitedly to the policeman. I took to my heels and ran. I judged him to be a slow policeman. I should get a start. But I had no plan, even then. I just ran for my life down Adderly Street. People began to stare. I felt that in another minute some one would stop me. An idea flashed into my head. "The station?" I asked, in a breathless gasp. "Just down on the right." I sped on. It is permissible to run for a train. I turned into the station, but as I did so I heard footsteps close behind me. The little man with the big nose was a champion sprinter. I foresaw that I should be stopped before I got to the platform I was in search of. I looked up to the clock—one minute to eleven. I might just do it if my plan succeeded. I had entered the station by the main entrance in Adderly Street. I now darted out again through the side exit. Directly opposite me was the side entrance to the post office, the main entrance to which is in Adderly Street. As I expected, my pursuer, instead of following me in, ran down the street to cut me off when I emerged by the main entrance, or to warn the policeman to do so. In an instant I slipped across the street again and back into the station. I ran like a lunatic. It was just eleven. The long train was moving as I appeared on the platform. A porter tried to stop me, but I wriggled myself out of his grasp and sprang upon the footboard. I mounted the two steps and opened the gate. I was safe! The train was gathering way. We passed a man standing by himself at the end of the platform. I waved to him. "Good-bye, Mr. Pagett," I shouted. Never have I seen a man more taken aback. He looked as though he had seen a ghost. In a minute or two I was having trouble with the conductor. But I took a lofty tone. "I am Sir Eustace Pedler's secretary," I said haughtily. "Please take me to his private car." Suzanne and Colonel Race were standing on the rear observation platform. They both uttered an exclamation of utter surprise at seeing me. "Hullo, Miss Anne," cried Colonel Race, "where have you turned up from? I thought you'd gone to Durban. What an unexpected person you are." Suzanne said nothing, but her eyes asked a hundred questions. "I must report myself to my chief," I said demurely. "Where is he?" "He's in the office—middle compartment—dictating at an incredible rate to the unfortunate Miss Pettigrew." "This enthusiasm for work is something new," I commented. "H'm!" said Colonel Race. "His idea is, I think, to give her sufficient work to chain her to her typewriter in her own compartment for the rest of the day." I laughed. Then, followed by the other two, I sought out Sir Eustace. He was striding up and down the circumscribed space, hurling a flood of words at the unfortunate secretary whom I now saw for the first time. A tall, square woman in drab clothing, with pince-nez and an efficient air. I judged that she was finding it difficult to keep pace with Sir Eustace, for her pencil was flying along, and she was frowning horribly. I stepped into the compartment. "Come aboard, sir," I said saucily. Sir Eustace paused dead in the middle of a complicated sentence on the labour situation and stared at me. Miss Pettigrew must be a nervous creature, in spite of her efficient air, for she jumped as though she had been shot. "God bless my soul!" ejaculated Sir Eustace. "What about the young man in Durban?" "I prefer you," I said softly. "Darling," said Sir Eustace. "You can start holding my hand at once." Miss Pettigrew coughed, and Sir Eustace hastily withdrew his hand. "Ah, yes," he said. "Let me see, where were we? Yes. Tylman Roos, in his speech at——What's the matter? Why aren't you taking it down?" "I think," said Colonel Race gently, "that Miss Pettigrew has broken her pencil." He took it from her and sharpened it. Sir Eustace stared, and so did I. There was something in Colonel Race's tone that I did not quite understand. _(Extract from the diary of Sir Eustace Pedler)_ I am inclined to abandon my Reminiscences. Instead I shall write a short article entitled "Secretaries I have had." As regards secretaries, I seem to have fallen under a blight. At one minute I have no secretaries, at another I have too many. At the present minute I am journeying to Rhodesia with a pack of women. Race goes off with the two best-looking, of course, and leaves me with the dud. That is what always happens to me—and, after all, this is _my_ private car, not Race's. Also Anne Beddingfeld is accompanying me to Rhodesia on the pretext of being my temporary secretary. But all this afternoon she has been out on the observation platform with Race exclaiming at the beauty of the Hex River Pass. It is true that I told her her principal duty would be to hold my hand. But she isn't even doing that. Perhaps she is afraid of Miss Pettigrew. I don't blame her if so. There is nothing attractive about Miss Pettigrew—she is a repellent female with large feet, more like a man than a woman. There is something very mysterious about Anne Beddingfeld. She jumped on board the train at the last minute, puffing like a steam-engine for all the world as though she'd been running a race—and yet Pagett told me that he'd seen her off to Durban last night! Either Pagett has been drinking again or else the girl must have an astral body. And she never explains. Nobody ever explains. Yes, "Secretaries I have had." No. 1, a murderer fleeing from justice. No. 2, a secret drinker who carries on disreputable intrigues in Italy. No. 3, a beautiful girl who possesses the useful faculty of being in two places at once. No. 4, Miss Pettigrew, who, I have no doubt, is really a particularly dangerous crook in disguise! Probably one of Pagett's Italian friends that he has palmed off on me. I shouldn't wonder if the world found some day that it had been grossly deceived by Pagett. On the whole, I think Rayburn was the best of the bunch. He never worried me or got in my way. Guy Pagett has had the impertinence to have the stationery trunk put in here. None of us can move without falling over it. I went out on the observation platform just now, expecting my appearance to be greeted with hails of delight. Both the women were listening spellbound to one of Race's travellers' tales. I shall label this car—not "Sir Eustace Pedler and Party," but "Colonel Race and Harem." Then Mrs. Blair must needs begin taking silly photographs. Every time we went round a particularly appalling curve, as we climbed higher and higher, she snapped at the engine. "You see the point," she cried delightedly. "It must be some curve if you can photograph the front part of the train from the back, and with the mountain background it will look awfully dangerous." I pointed out to her that no one could possibly tell it had been taken from the back of the train. She looked at me pityingly. "I shall write underneath it: ‘Taken from the train. Engine going round a curve.'" "You could write that under any snapshot of a train," I said. Women never think of these simple things. "I'm glad we've come up here in daylight," cried Anne Beddingfeld. "I shouldn't have seen this if I'd gone last night to Durban, should I?" "No," said Colonel Race, smiling. "You'd have waked up to-morrow morning to find yourself in the Karoo, a hot, dusty desert of stones and rocks." "I'm glad I changed my mind," said Anne, sighing contentedly, and looking round. It was rather a wonderful sight. The great mountains all around, through which we turned and twisted and laboured ever steadily upwards. "Is this the best train in the day to Rhodesia?" asked Anne Beddingfeld. "In the day?" laughed Race. "Why, my dear Miss Anne, there are only three trains a week. Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays. Do you realize that you don't arrive at the Falls until Saturday next?" "How well we shall know each other by that time," said Mrs. Blair maliciously. "How long are you going to stay at the Falls, Sir Eustace?" "That depends," I said cautiously. "On what?" "On how things go at Johannesburg. My original idea was to stay a couple of days or so at the Falls—which I've never seen, though this is my third visit to Africa—and then go on to Jo'burg and study the conditions of things on the Rand. At home, you know, I pose as being an authority on South African politics. But from all I hear, Jo'burg will be a particularly unpleasant place to visit in about a week's time. I don't want to study conditions in the midst of a raging revolution." Race smiled in a rather superior manner. "I think your fears are exaggerated, Sir Eustace. There will be no great danger in Jo'burg." The women immediately looked at him in the "What a brave hero you are" manner. It annoyed me intensely. I am every bit as brave as Race—but I lack the figure. These long, lean, brown men have it all their own way. "I suppose you'll be there," I said coldly. "Very possibly. We might travel together." "I'm not sure that I shan't stay on at the Falls a bit," I answered non-committally. Why is Race so anxious that I should go to Jo'burg? He's got his eye on Anne, I believe. "What are your plans, Miss Anne?" "That depends," she replied demurely, copying me. "I thought you were my secretary," I objected. "Oh, but I've been cut out. You've been holding Miss Pettigrew's hand all the afternoon." "Whatever I've been doing, I can swear I've not been doing that," I assured her. _Thursday night._ We have just left Kimberley. Race was made to tell the story of the diamond robbery all over again. Why are women so excited by anything to do with diamonds? At last Anne Beddingfeld has shed her veil of mystery. It seems that she's a newspaper correspondent. She sent an immense cable from De Aar this morning. To judge by the jabbering that went on nearly all night in Mrs. Blair's cabin, she must have been reading aloud all her special articles for years to come. It seems that all along she's been on the track of "The Man in the Brown Suit." Apparently she didn't spot him on the _Kilmorden_—in fact, she hardly had the chance, but she's now very busy cabling home: "How I journeyed out with the Murderer," and inventing highly fictitious stories of "What he said to me," etc. I know how these things are done. I do them myself, in my Reminiscences when Pagett will let me. And of course one of Nasby's efficient staff will brighten up the details still more, so that when it appears in the _Daily Budget_ Rayburn won't recognize himself. The girl's clever, though. All on her own, apparently, she's ferreted out the identity of the woman who was killed in my house. She was a Russian dancer called Nadina. I asked Anne Beddingfeld if she was sure of this. She replied that it was merely a deduction—quite in the Sherlock Holmes manner. However, I gather that she had cabled it home to Nasby as a proved fact. Women have these intuitions—I've no doubt that Anne Beddingfeld is perfectly right in her guess—but to call it a deduction is absurd. How she ever got on the staff of the _Daily Budget_ is more than I can imagine. But she is the kind of young woman who does these things. Impossible to withstand her. She is full of coaxing ways that mask an invincible determination. Look how she has got into my private car! I am beginning to have an inkling why. Race said something about the police suspecting that Rayburn would make for Rhodesia. He might just have got off by Monday's train. They telegraphed all along the line, I presume, and no one of his description was found, but that says little. He's an astute young man and he knows Africa. He's probably exquisitely disguised as an old Kafir woman—and the simple police continue to look for a handsome young man with a scar, dressed in the height of European fashion. I never did quite swallow that scar. Anyway, Anne Beddingfeld is on his track. She wants the glory of discovering him for herself and the _Daily Budget._ Young women are very cold-blooded nowadays. I hinted to her that it was an unwomanly action. She laughed at me. She assured me that did she run him to earth her fortune was made. Race doesn't like it, either, I can see. Perhaps Rayburn is on this train. If so, we may all be murdered in our beds. I said so to Mrs. Blair—but she seemed quite to welcome the idea, and remarked that if I were murdered it would be really a terrific scoop for Anne! A scoop for Anne indeed! To-morrow we shall be going through Bechuanaland. The dust will be atrocious. Also at every station, little Kafir children come and sell you quaint wooden animals that they carve themselves. Also mealie bowls and baskets. I am rather afraid that Mrs. Blair may run amok. There is a primitive charm about these toys that I feel will appeal to her. _Friday evening._ As I feared. Mrs. Blair and Anne have bought forty-nine wooden animals! _(Anne's Narrative Resumed)_ I thoroughly enjoyed the journey up to Rhodesia. There was something new and exciting to see every day. First the wonderful scenery of the Hex river valley, then the desolate grandeur of the Karoo, and finally that wonderful straight stretch of line in Bechuanaland, and the perfectly adorable toys the natives brought to sell. Suzanne and I were nearly left behind at each station—if you could call them stations. It seemed to me that the train just stopped whenever it felt like it, and no sooner had it done so than a horde of natives materialized out of the empty landscape, holding up mealie bowls and sugar canes and fur karosses and adorable carved wooden animals. Suzanne began at once to make a collection of the latter. I imitated her example—most of them cost a "tiki" (threepence) and each was different. There were giraffes and tigers and snakes and a melancholy looking eland and absurd little black warriors. We enjoyed ourselves enormously. Sir Eustace tried to restrain us—but in vain. I still think it was a miracle we were not left behind at some oasis of the line. South African trains don't hoot or get excited when they are going to start off again. They just glide quietly away, and you look up from your bargaining and run for your life. Suzanne's amazement at seeing me climb upon the train at Cape Town can be imagined. We held an exhaustive survey of the situation on the first evening out. We talked half the night. It had become clear to me that defensive tactics must be adopted as well as aggressive ones. Travelling with Sir Eustace Pedler and his party, I was fairly safe. Both he and Colonel Race were powerful protectors, and I judged that my enemies would not wish to stir up a hornet's nest about _my_ ears. Also, as long as I was near Sir Eustace, I was more or less in touch with Guy Pagett—and Guy Pagett was the heart of the mystery. I asked Suzanne whether in her opinion it was possible that Pagett himself was the mysterious "Colonel." His subordinate position was, of course, against the assumption, but it had struck me once or twice that, for all his autocratic ways, Sir Eustace was really very much influenced by his secretary. He was an easy-going man, and one whom an adroit secretary might be able to twist round his little finger. The comparative obscurity of his position might in reality be useful to him, since he would be anxious to be well out of the limelight. Suzanne, however, negatived these ideas very strongly. She refused to believe that Guy Pagett was the ruling spirit. The real head—the "Colonel"—was somewhere in the background and had probably been already in Africa at the time of our arrival. I agreed that there was much to be said for her view, but I was not entirely satisfied. For in each suspicious instance Pagett had been shown as the directing genius. It was true that his personality seemed to lack the assurance and decision that one would expect from a master criminal—but after all, according to Colonel Race, it was brain work only that this mysterious leader supplied, and creative genius is often allied to a weak and timorous physical constitution. "There speaks the Professor's daughter," interrupted Suzanne, when I had got to this point in my argument. "It's true, all the same. On the other hand, Pagett may be the Grand Vizier, so to speak, of the All Highest." I was silent for a minute or two, and then went on musingly: "I wish I knew how Sir Eustace made his money!" "Suspecting him again?" "Suzanne, I've got into that state that I can't help suspecting somebody! I don't really suspect him—but, after all, he _is_ Pagett's employer, and he _did_ own the Mill House." "I've always heard that he made his money in some way he isn't anxious to talk about," said Suzanne thoughtfully. "But that doesn't necessarily mean crime—it might be tin-tacks or hair restorer!" I agreed ruefully. "I suppose," said Suzanne doubtfully, "that we're not barking up the wrong tree? Being led completely astray, I mean, by assuming Pagett's complicity? Supposing that, after all, he is a perfectly honest man?" I considered that for a minute or two, then I shook my head. "I can't believe that." "After all, he has his explanations for everything." "Y—es, but they're not very convincing. For instance, the night he tried to throw me overboard on the _Kilmorden,_ he says he followed Rayburn up on deck and Rayburn turned and knocked him down. Now we know that's not true." "No," said Suzanne unwillingly. "But we only heard the story at second-hand from Sir Eustace. If we'd heard it direct from Pagett himself, it might have been different. You know how people always get a story a little wrong when they repeat it." I turned the thing over in my mind. "No," I said at last, "I don't see any way out. Pagett's guilty. You can't get away from the fact that he tried to throw me overboard, and everything else fits in. Why are you so persistent in this new idea of yours?" "Because of his face?" "His face? But— "Yes, I know what you're going to say. It's a sinister face. That's just it. No man with a face like that could be really sinister. It must be a colossal joke on the part of Nature." I know a lot about Nature in past ages. If she's got a sense of humour, she doesn't show it much. Suzanne is just the sort of person who would clothe Nature with all her own attributes. We passed on to discuss our immediate plans. It was clear to me that I must have some kind of standing. I couldn't go on avoiding explanations for ever. The solution of all my difficulties lay ready to my hand, though I didn't think of it for some time. The _Daily Budget!_ My silence or my speech could no longer affect Harry Rayburn. He was marked down as "The Man in the Brown Suit" through no fault of mine. I could help him best by seeming to be against him. The "Colonel" and his gang must have no suspicion that there existed any friendly feeling between me and the man they had elected to be the scapegoat of the murder at Marlow. As far as I knew, the woman killed was still unidentified. I would cable to Lord Nasby, suggesting that she was no other than the famous Russian dancer "Nadina" who had been delighting Paris for so long. It seemed incredible to me that she had not been identified already—but when I learnt more of the case long afterwards I saw how natural it really was. Nadina had never been to England during her successful career in Paris. She was unknown to London audiences. The pictures in the papers of the Marlow victim were so blurred and unrecognizable that it is small wonder no one identified them. And, on the other hand, Nadina had kept her intention of visiting England a profound secret from every one. The day after the murder a letter had been received by her manager purporting to be from the dancer, in which she said that she was returning to Russia on urgent private affairs and that he must deal with her broken contract as best he could. All this, of course, I only learned afterwards. With Suzanne's full approval, I sent a long cable from De Aar. It arrived at a psychological moment (this again, of course, I learnt afterwards). The _Daily Budget_ was hard up for a sensation. My guess was verified and proved to be correct and the _Daily Budget_ had the scoop of its lifetime. "Victim of the Mill House Murder identified by our special reporter." And so on. "Our reporter makes voyage with the murderer. ‘The Man in the Brown Suit.' What he is really like." The main facts were, of course, cabled to the South African papers, but I only read my own lengthy articles at a much later date! I received approval and full instructions by cable at Bulawayo. I was on the staff of the _Daily Budget,_ and I had a private word of congratulation from Lord Nasby himself. I was definitely accredited to hunt down the murderer, and I, and only I, knew that the murderer was not Harry Rayburn! But let the world think that it was he—best so for the present. We arrived at Bulawayo early on Saturday morning. I was disappointed in the place. It was very hot, and I hated the hotel. Also Sir Eustace was what I can only describe as thoroughly sulky. I think it was all our wooden animals that annoyed him—especially the big giraffe. It was a colossal giraffe with an impossible neck, a mild eye and a dejected tail. It had character. It had charm. A controversy was already arising as to whom it belonged—me or Suzanne. We had each contributed a tiki to its purchase. Suzanne advanced the claims of seniority and the married state, I stuck to the position that I had been the first to behold its beauty. In the meantime, I must admit, it occupied a good deal of this three-dimensional space of ours. To carry forty-nine wooden animals, all of awkward shape, and all of extremely brittle wood, is somewhat of a problem. Two porters were laden with a bunch of animals each—and one promptly dropped a ravishing group of ostriches and broke their heads off. Warned by this, Suzanne and I carried all we could, Colonel Race helped, and I pressed the big giraffe into Sir Eustace's arms. Even the correct Miss Pettigrew did not escape, a large hippopotamus and two black warriors fell to her share. I had a feeling Miss Pettigrew didn't like me. Perhaps she fancied I was a bold hussy. Anyway, she avoided me as much as she could. And the funny thing was, her face seemed vaguely familiar to me, though I couldn't quite place it. We reposed ourselves most of the morning, and in the afternoon we drove out to the Matoppos to see Rhodes's grave. That is to say, we were to have done so, but at the last moment Sir Eustace backed out. He was very nearly in as bad a temper as the morning we arrived at Cape Town—when he bounced the peaches on the floor and they squashed! Evidently arriving early in the morning at places is bad for his temperament. He cursed the porters, he cursed the waiters at breakfast, he cursed the whole hotel management, he would doubtless have liked to curse Miss Pettigrew who hovered around with her pencil and pad, but I don't think even Sir Eustace would have dared to curse Miss Pettigrew. She's just like the efficient secretary in a book. I only rescued our dear giraffe just in time. I feel Sir Eustace would have liked to dash him to the ground. To return to our expedition, after Sir Eustace had backed out, Miss Pettigrew said she would remain at home in case he might want her. And at the very last minute Suzanne sent down a message to say she had a headache. So Colonel Race and I drove off alone. He is a strange man. One doesn't notice it so much in a crowd. But, when one is alone with him, the sense of his personality seems really almost overpowering. He becomes more taciturn, and yet his silence seems to say more than speech might do. It was so that day that we drove to the Matoppos through the soft yellow brown scrub. Everything seemed strangely silent—except our car which I should think was the first Ford ever made by man! The upholstery of it was torn to ribbons and, though I know nothing about engines, even I could guess that all was not as it should be in its interior. By and by the character of the country changed. Great boulders appeared, piled up into fantastic shapes. I felt suddenly that I had got into a primitive era. Just for a moment Neanderthal men seemed quite as real to me as they had to Papa. I turned to Colonel Race. "There must have been giants once," I said dreamily. "And their children were just like children are to-day—they played with handfuls of pebbles, piling them up and knocking them down, and the more cleverly they balanced them, the better pleased they were. If I were to give a name to this place I should call it ‘The Country of Giant Children.'" "Perhaps you're nearer the mark than you know," said Colonel Race gravely. "Simple, primitive, big—that is Africa." I nodded appreciatively. "You love it, don't you?" I asked. "Yes. But to live in it long—well, it makes one what you would call cruel. One comes to hold life and death very lightly." "Yes," I said, thinking of Harry Rayburn. He had been like that too. "But not cruel to weak things?" "Opinions differ as to what are and are not ‘weak things,' Miss Anne." There was a note of seriousness in his voice which almost startled me. I felt that I knew very little really of this man at my side. "I meant children and dogs, I think." "I can truthfully say I've never been cruel to children or dogs. So you don't class women as ‘weak things'?" I considered. "No, I don't think I do—though they are, I suppose. That is, they are nowadays. But Papa always said that in the beginning men and women roamed the world together, equal in strength—like lions and tigers— "And giraffes?" interpolated Colonel Race slyly. I laughed. Every one makes fun of that giraffe. "And giraffes. They were nomadic, you see. It wasn't till they settled down in communities, and women did one kind of thing and men another that women got weak. And of course, underneath, one is still the same—one _feels_ the same, I mean, and that is why women worship physical strength in men—it's what they once had and have lost." "Almost ancestor worship, in fact?" "Something of the kind." "And you really think that's true? That women worship strength, I mean?" "I think it's quite true—if one's honest. You think you admire moral qualities, but when you fall in love, you revert to the primitive where the physical is all that counts. But I don't think that's the end—if you lived in primitive conditions it would be all right, but you don't—and so, in the end, the other thing wins after all. It's the things that are apparently conquered that always do win, isn't it? They win in the only way that counts. Like what the Bible says about losing your soul and finding it." "In the end," said Colonel Race thoughtfully, "you fall in love—and you fall out of it, is that what you mean?" "Not exactly, but you can put it that way if you like." "But I don't think you've ever fallen out of love, Miss Anne?" "No, I haven't," I admitted frankly. "Or fallen in love, either?" I did not answer. The car drew up at our destination and brought the conversation to a close. We got out and began the slow ascent to the World's View. Not for the first time, I felt a slight discomfort in Colonel Race's company. He veiled his thoughts so well behind those impenetrable black eyes. He frightened me a little. He had always frightened me. I never knew where I stood with him. We climbed in silence till we reached the spot where Rhodes lies guarded by giant boulders. A strange eerie place, far from the haunts of men, that sings a ceaseless pæan of rugged beauty. We sat there for some time in silence. Then descended once more, but diverging slightly from the path. Sometimes it was a rough scramble and once we came to a sharp slope or rock that was almost sheer. Colonel Race went first, then turned to help me. "Better lift you," he said suddenly, and swung me off my feet with a quick gesture. I felt the strength of him as he set me down and released his clasp. A man of iron, with muscles like taut steel. And again, I felt afraid, especially as he did not move aside, but stood directly in front of me, staring into my face. "What are you really doing here, Anne Beddingfeld?" he said abruptly. "I'm a gipsy seeing the world." "Yes, that's true enough. The newspaper correspondent is only a pretext. You've not the soul of the journalist. You're out for your own hand—snatching at life. But that's not all." What was he going to make me tell him? I was afraid—afraid. I looked him full in the face. My eyes can't keep secrets like his, but they can carry the war into the enemy's country. "What are _you_ really doing here, Colonel Race?" I asked deliberately. For a moment I thought he wasn't going to answer. He was clearly taken aback, though. At last he spoke, and his words seemed to afford him a grim amusement. "Pursuing ambition," he said. "Just that—pursuing ambition. You will remember, Miss Beddingfeld, that ‘by that sin fell the angels,' etc." "They say," I said slowly, "that you are really connected with the Government—that you are in the Secret Service. Is that true?" Was it my fancy, or did he hesitate for a fraction of a second before he answered? "I can assure you, Miss Beddingfeld, that I am out here strictly as a private individual travelling for my own pleasure." Thinking the answer over later, it struck me as slightly ambiguous. Perhaps he meant it to be so. We rejoined the car in silence. Half-way back to Bulawayo we stopped for tea at a somewhat primitive structure at the side of the road. The proprietor was digging in the garden and seemed annoyed at being disturbed. But he graciously promised to see what he could do. After an interminable wait he brought us some stale cakes and some lukewarm tea. Then he disappeared to his garden again. No sooner had he departed than we were surrounded by cats. Six of them all miaowing piteously at once. The racket was deafening. I offered them some pieces of cake. They devoured them ravenously. I poured all the milk there was into a saucer and they fought each other to get it. "Oh," I cried indignantly, "they're starved! It's wicked. Please, please, order some more milk and another plate of cake." Colonel Race departed silently to do my bidding. The cats had begun miaowing again. He returned with a big jug of milk and the cats finished it all. I got up with determination on my face. "I'm going to take those cats home with us—I shan't leave them here." "My dear child, don't be absurd. You can't carry six cats as well as fifty wooden animals round with you." "Never mind the wooden animals. These cats are alive. I shall take them back with me." "You will do nothing of the kind." I looked at him resentfully, but he went on: "You think me cruel—but one can't go through life sentimentalizing over these things. It's no good standing out—I shan't allow you to take them. It's a primitive country, you know, and I'm stronger than you." I always know when I am beaten. I went down to the car with tears in my eyes. "They're probably short of food just to-day," he explained consolingly. "That man's wife has gone into Bulawayo for stores. So it will be all right. And anyway, you know, the world's full of starving cats." "Don't—don't," I said fiercely. "I'm teaching you to realize life as it is. I'm teaching you to be hard and ruthless—like I am. That's the secret of strength—and the secret of success." "I'd sooner be dead than hard," I said passionately. We got into the car and started off. I pulled myself together again slowly. Suddenly, to my intense astonishment, he took my hand in his. "Anne," he said gently, "I want you. Will you marry me?" I was utterly taken aback. "Oh, no," I stammered. "I can't." "Why not?" "I don't care for you in that way. I've never thought of you like that." "I see. Is that the only reason?" I had to be honest. I owed it him. "No," I said, "it is not. You see—I—care for some one else." "I see," he said again. "And was that true at the beginning—when I first saw you—on the _Kilmorden? "_ "No," I whispered. "It was—since then." "I see," he said for the third time, but this time there was a purposeful ring in his voice that made me turn and look at him. His face was grimmer than I had ever seen it. "What—what do you mean?" I faltered. He looked at me, inscrutable, dominating. "Only—that I know now what I have to do." His words sent a shiver through me. There was a determination behind them that I did not understand—and it frightened me. We neither of us said any more until we got back to the hotel. I went straight up to Suzanne. She was lying on her bed reading, and did not look in the least as though she had a headache. "Here reposes the perfect gooseberry," she remarked. _"Alias_ the tactful chaperone. Why, Anne dear, what's the matter?" For I had burst into a flood of tears. I told her about the cats—I felt it wasn't fair to tell her about Colonel Race. But Suzanne is very sharp. I think she saw that there was something more behind. "You haven't caught a chill, have you, Anne? Sounds absurd even to suggest such things in this heat, but you keep on shivering." "It's nothing," I said. "Nerves—or some one walking over my grave. I keep feeling something dreadful's going to happen." "Don't be silly," said Suzanne, with decision. "Let's talk of something interesting. Anne, about those diamonds— "What about them?" "I'm not sure they're safe with me. It was all right before, no one could think they'd be amongst my things. But now that every one knows we're such friends, you and I, I'll be under suspicion too." "Nobody knows they're in a roll of films, though," I argued. "It's a splendid hiding-place and I really don't think we could better it." She agreed doubtfully, but said we would discuss it again when we got to the Falls. Our train went at nine o'clock. Sir Eustace's temper was still far from good, and Miss Pettigrew looked subdued. Colonel Race was completely himself. I felt that I had dreamed the whole conversation on the way back. I slept heavily that night on my hard bunk, struggling with ill-defined, menacing dreams. I awoke with a headache and went out on the observation platform of the car. It was fresh and lovely, and everywhere, as far as one could see, were the undulating wooded hills. I loved it—loved it more than any place I had ever seen. I wished then that I could have a little hut somewhere in the heart of the scrub and live there always—always. . . . Just before half-past two, Colonel Race called me out from the "office" and pointed to a bouquet-shaped white mist that hovered over one portion of the bush. "The spray from the Falls," he said. "We are nearly there." I was still wrapped in that strange dream feeling of exaltation that had succeeded my troubled night. Very strongly implanted in me was the feeling that I had come home. . . . Home! And yet I had never been here before—or had I in dreams? We walked from the train to the hotel, a big white building closely wired against mosquitoes. There were no roads, no houses. We went out on the _stoep_ and I uttered a gasp. There, half a mile away, facing us, were the Falls. I've never seen anything so grand and beautiful—I never shall. "Anne, you're fey," said Suzanne, as we sat down to lunch. "I've never seen you like this before." She stared at me curiously. "Am I?" I laughed, but I felt that my laugh was unnatural. "It's just that I love it all." "It's more than that." A little frown creased her brow—one of apprehension. Yes, I was happy, but beyond that I had the curious feeling that I was waiting for something—something that would happen soon. I was excited—restless. After tea we strolled out, got on the trolley and were pushed by smiling blacks down the little tracks of rails to the bridge. It was a marvellous sight, the great chasm and the rushing waters below, and the veil of mist and spray in front of us that parted every now and then for one brief minute to show the cataract of water and then closed up again in its impenetrable mystery. That, to my mind, has always been the fascination of the Falls—their elusive quality. You always think you're going to see—and you never do. We crossed the bridge and walked slowly on by the path that was marked out with white stone on either side and led round the brink of the gorge. Finally we arrived in a big clearing where on the left a path led downwards towards the chasm. "The palm gully," explained Colonel Race. "Shall we go down? Or shall we leave it until to-morrow? It will take some time, and it's a good climb up again." "We'll leave it until to-morrow," said Sir Eustace with decision. He isn't at all fond of strenuous physical exercise, I have noticed. He led the way back. As we went, we passed a fine native stalking along. Behind him came a woman who seemed to have the entire household belongings piled upon her head! The collection included a frying pan! "I never have my camera when I want it," groaned Suzanne. "That's an opportunity that will occur often enough, Mrs. Blair," said Colonel Race. "So don't lament." We arrived back on the bridge. "Shall we go into the rainbow forest?" he continued. "Or are you afraid of getting wet?" Suzanne and I accompanied him. Sir Eustace went back to the I was rather disappointed in the rainbow forest. There weren't nearly enough rainbows, and we got soaked to the skin, but every now and then we got a glimpse of the Falls opposite and realized how enormously wide they are. Oh, dear, dear Falls, how I love and worship you and always shall! We got back to the hotel just in time to change for dinner. Sir Eustace seems to have taken a positive antipathy to Colonel Race. Suzanne and I rallied him gently, but didn't get much satisfaction. After dinner, he retired to his sitting-room, dragging Miss Pettigrew with him. Suzanne and I talked for a while with Colonel Race, and then she declared, with an immense yawn, that she was going to bed. I didn't want to be left alone with him, so I got up too and went to my room. But I was far too excited to go to sleep. I did not even undress. I lay back in a chair and gave myself up to dreaming. And all the time I was conscious of something coming nearer and nearer. . . . There was a knock at the door and I started. I got up and went to it. A little black boy held out a note. It was addressed to me in a handwriting I did not know. I took it and came back into the room. I stood there holding it. At last I opened it. It was very short: "I must see you. I dare not come to the hotel. Will you come to the clearing by the palm gully? In memory of Cabin 17 please come. The man you knew as Harry Rayburn." My heart beat to suffocation. He was here then! Oh, I had known it—I had known it all along! I had felt him near me. All unwittingly I had come to his place of retreat. I wound a scarf round my head and stole to the door. I must be careful. He was hunted down. No one must see me meet him. I stole along to Suzanne's room. She was fast asleep. I could hear her breathing evenly. Sir Eustace? I paused outside the door of his sitting-room. Yes, he was dictating to Miss Pettigrew, I could hear her monotonous voice repeating. "I therefore venture to suggest, that in tackling this problem of coloured labour— She paused for him to continue, and I heard him grunt something angrily. I stole on again. Colonel Race's room was empty. I did not see him in the lounge. And he was the man I feared most! Still, I could waste no more time. I slipped quickly out of the hotel and took the path to the bridge. I crossed it and stood there waiting in the shadow. If any one had followed me, I should see them crossing the bridge. But the minutes passed, and no one came. I had not been followed. I turned and took the path to the clearing. I took six paces or so and then stopped. Something had rustled behind me. It could not be any one who had followed me from the hotel. It was some one who was already here, waiting. And immediately, without rhyme or reason, but with the sureness of instinct, I knew that it was I myself who was threatened. It was the same feeling as I had had on the _Kilmorden_ that night—a sure instinct warning me of danger. I looked sharply over my shoulder. Silence. I moved on a pace or two. Again I heard that rustle. Still walking, I looked over my shoulder again. A man's figure came out of the shadow. He saw that I saw him, and jumped forward, hard on my track. It was too dark to recognize anybody. All I could see was that he was tall, and a European, not a native. I took to my heels and ran. I heard him pounding behind. I ran quicker, keeping my eyes fixed on the white stones that showed me where to step, for there was no moon that night. And suddenly my foot felt nothingness. I heard the man behind me laugh, an evil, sinister laugh. It rang in my ears, as I fell headlong—down—down—down to destruction far beneath. I came to myself slowly and painfully. I was conscious of an aching head and a shooting pain down my left arm when I tried to move, and everything seemed dream-like and unreal. Nightmare visions floated before me. I felt myself falling—falling again. Once Harry Rayburn's face seemed to come to me out of the mist. Almost I imagined it real. Then it floated away again, mocking me. Once, I remember, some one put a cup to my lips and I drank. A black face grinned into mine—a devil's face, I thought it, and screamed out. Then dreams again—long troubled dreams in which I vainly sought Harry Rayburn to warn him—warn him—what of? I did not know myself. But there was some danger—some great danger—and I alone could save him. Then darkness again, merciful darkness, and real sleep. I woke at last myself again. The long nightmare was over. I remembered perfectly everything that had happened, my hurried flight from the hotel to meet Harry, the man in the shadows and that last terrible moment of falling. . . . By some miracle or other I had not been killed. I was bruised and aching and very weak, but I was alive. But where was I? Moving my head with difficulty I looked round me. I was in a small room with rough wooden walls. On them were hung skins of animals and various tusks of ivory. I was lying on a kind of rough couch, also covered with skins, and my left arm was bandaged up and felt stiff and uncomfortable. At first I thought I was alone, and then I saw a man's figure sitting between me and the light, his head turned toward the window. He was so still that he might have been carved out of wood. Something in the close-cropped black head was familiar to me, but I did not dare to let my imagination run astray. Suddenly he turned, and I caught my breath. It was Harry Rayburn. Harry Rayburn in the flesh. He rose and came over to me. "Feeling better?" he said a trifle awkwardly. I could not answer. The tears were running down my face. I was weak still, but I held his hand in both of mine. If only I could die like this, whilst he stood there looking down on me with that new look in his eyes. "Don't cry, Anne. Please don't cry. You're safe now. No one shall hurt you." He went and fetched a cup and brought it to me. "Drink some of this milk." I drank obediently. He went on talking in a low coaxing tone such as he might have used to a child. "Don't ask any more questions now. Go to sleep again. You'll be stronger by and by. I'll go away if you like." "No," I said urgently. "No, no. "Then I'll stay." He brought a small stool over beside me and sat there. He laid his hand over mine, and, soothed and comforted, I dropped off to sleep once more. It must have been evening then, but when I woke again the sun was high in the heavens. I was alone in the hut, but as I stirred an old native woman came running in. She was hideous as sin, but she grinned at me encouragingly. She brought me water in a basin and helped me wash my face and hands. Then she brought me a large bowl of soup, and I finished it every drop! I asked her several questions, but she only grinned and nodded and chattered away in a guttural language, so I gathered she knew no English. Suddenly she stood up and drew back respectfully as Harry Rayburn entered. He gave her a nod of dismissal and she went out leaving us alone. He smiled at me. "Really better to-day!" "Yes, indeed, but very bewildered still. Where am I?" "You're on a small island on the Zambesi about four miles up from the Falls." "Do—do my friends know I'm here?" He shook his head. "I must send word to them." "That is as you like of course, but if I were you I should wait until you are a little stronger." "Why?" He did not answer immediately, so I went on. "How long have I been here?" His answer amazed me. "Nearly a month." "Oh!" I cried. "I must send word to Suzanne. She'll be terribly anxious." "Who is Suzanne?" "Mrs. Blair. I was with her and Sir Eustace and Colonel Race at the hotel—but you knew that surely?" He shook his head. "I know nothing, except that I found you, caught in the fork of a tree, unconscious and with a badly wrenched arm." "Where was the tree?" "Overhanging the ravine. But for your clothes catching on the branches, you would infallibly have been dashed to pieces." I shuddered. Then a thought struck me. "You say you didn't know I was there. What about the note then?" "What note?" "The note you sent me, asking me to meet you in the clearing." He stared at me. "I sent no note." I felt myself flushing up to the roots of my hair. Fortunately he did not seem to notice. "How did you come to be on the spot in such a marvellous manner?" I asked in as nonchalant a manner as I could assume. "And what are you doing in this part of the world, anyway?" "I live here," he said simply. "On this island?" "Yes, I came here after the War. Sometimes I take parties from the hotel out in my boat, but it costs me very little to live, and mostly I do as I please." "You live here all alone?" "I am not pining for society, I assure you," he replied coldly. "I am sorry to have inflicted mine upon you," I retorted, "but I seem to have had very little to say in the matter." To my surprise his eyes twinkled a little. "None whatever. I slung you across my shoulders like a sack of coal and carried you to my boat. Quite like a primitive man of the Stone Age." "But for a different reason," I put in. _He_ flushed this time, a deep burning blush. The tan of his face was suffused. "But you haven't told me how you came to be wandering about so conveniently for me?" I said hastily, to cover his confusion. "I couldn't sleep. I was restless—disturbed—had the feeling something was going to happen. In the end I took the boat and came ashore and tramped down towards the Falls. I was just at the head of the palm gully when I heard you scream." "Why didn't you get help from the hotel instead of carting me all the way here?" I asked. He flushed again. "I suppose it seems an unpardonable liberty to you—but I don't think that even now you realize your danger! You think I should have informed your friends? Pretty friends, who allowed you to be decoyed out to death. No, I swore to myself that I'd take better care of you than any one else could. Not a soul comes to this island. I got old Batani, whom I cured of a fever once, to come and look after you. She's loyal. She'll never say a word. I could keep you here for months and no one would ever know." _I could keep you here for months and no one would ever know!_ How some words please one! "You did quite right," I said quietly. "And I shall not send word to any one. A day or so more anxiety doesn't make much difference. It's not as though they were my own people. They're only acquaintances really—even Suzanne. And whoever wrote that note must have known—a great deal. It was not the work of an outsider." I managed to mention the note this time without blushing at all. "If you would be guided by me— he said, hesitating. "I don't expect I shall be," I answered candidly. "But there's no harm in hearing." "Do you always do what you like, Miss Beddingfeld?" "Usually," I replied cautiously. To any one else I would have said "Always." "I pity your husband," he said unexpectedly. "You needn't," I retorted. "I shouldn't dream of marrying any one unless I was madly in love with them. And of course there is really nothing a woman enjoys so much as doing all the things she doesn't like for the sake of some one she _does_ like. And the more self-willed she is, the more she likes it." "I'm afraid I disagree with you. The boot is on the other leg as a rule." He spoke with a slight sneer. "Exactly," I cried eagerly. "And that's why there are so many unhappy marriages. It's all the fault of the men. Either they give way to their women—and then the women despise them, or else they are utterly selfish, insist on their own way and never say ‘thank you.' Successful husbands make their wives do just what they want, and then make a frightful fuss of them for doing it. Women like to be mastered, but they hate not to have their sacrifices appreciated. On the other hand, men don't really appreciate women who are nice to them all the time. When I am married, I shall be a devil most of the time, but every now and then, when my husband least expects it, I shall show him what a perfect angel I can be!" Harry laughed outright. "What a cat and dog life you will lead." "Lovers always fight," I assured him. "Because they don't understand each other. And by the time they do understand each other they aren't in love any more." "Does the reverse hold true? Are people who fight each other always lovers?" "I—I don't know," I said, momentarily confused. He turned away to the fireplace. "Like some more soup?" he asked in a casual tone. "Yes, please. I'm so hungry that I could eat a hippopotamus." "That's good." He busied himself with the fire; I watched. "When I can get off the couch, I'll cook for you," I promised. "I don't suppose you know anything about cooking." "I can warm up things out of tins as well as you can," I retorted, pointing to a row of tins on the mantelpiece. _"Touché,"_ he said, and laughed. His whole face changed when he laughed. It became boyish, happy—a different personality. I enjoyed my soup. As I ate it I reminded him that he had not, after all, tendered me his advice. "Ah, yes, what I was going to say was this. If I were you I would stay quietly _perdu_ here until you are quite strong again. Your enemies will believe you dead. They will hardly be surprised at not finding the body. It would have been dashed to pieces on the rocks and carried down with the torrent." I shivered. "Once you are completely restored to health, you can journey quietly on to Beira and get a boat to take you back to England." "That would be very tame," I objected scornfully. "There speaks a foolish schoolgirl." "I'm not a foolish schoolgirl," I cried indignantly. "I'm a woman." He looked at me with an expression I could not fathom as I sat up flushed and excited. "God help me, so you are," he muttered, and went abruptly out. My recovery was rapid. The two injuries I had sustained were a knock on the head and a badly wrenched arm. The latter was the most serious and, to begin with, my rescuer had believed it to be actually broken. A careful examination, however, convinced him that it was not so, and although it was very painful I was recovering the use of it quite quickly. It was a strange time. We were cut off from the world, alone together as Adam and Eve might have been—but with what a difference! Old Batani hovered about counting no more than a dog might have done. I insisted on doing the cooking, or as much of it as I could manage with one arm. Harry was out a good part of the time, but we spent long hours together lying out in the shade of the palms, talking and quarrelling—discussing everything under high heaven, quarrelling and making it up again. We bickered a good deal, but there grew up between us a real and lasting comradeship such as I could never have believed possible. That—and something else. The time was drawing near, I knew it, when I should be well enough to leave and I realized it with a heavy heart. Was he going to let me go? Without a word? Without a sign? He had fits of silence, long moody intervals, moments when he would spring up and tramp off by himself. One evening the crisis came. We had finished our simple meal and were sitting in the doorway of the hut. The sun was sinking. Hairpins were necessities of life with which Harry had not been able to provide me, and my hair, straight and black, hung to my knees. I sat, my chin on my hands, lost in meditation. I felt rather than saw Harry looking at me. "You look like a witch, Anne," he said at last, and there was something in his voice that had never been there before. He reached out his hand and just touched my hair. I shivered. Suddenly he sprang up with an oath. "You must leave here to-morrow, do you hear?" he cried. "I—I can't bear any more. I'm only a man after all. You must go, Anne. You must. You're not a fool. You know yourself that this can't go on." "I suppose not," I said slowly. "But—it's been happy, hasn't it?" "Happy? It's been hell!" "As bad as that!" "What do you torment me for? Why are you mocking at me? Why do you say that—laughing into your hair?" "I wasn't laughing. And I'm not mocking. If you want me to go, I'll go. But if you want me to stay—I'll stay." "Not that!" he cried vehemently. "Not that. Don't tempt me, Anne. Do you realize what I am? A criminal twice over. A man hunted down. They know me here as Harry Parker—they think I've been away on a trek up country, but any day they may put two and two together—and then the blow will fall. You're so young, Anne, and so beautiful—with the kind of beauty that sends men mad. All the world's before you—love, life, everything. Mine's behind me—scorched, spoiled, with a taste of bitter ashes." "If you don't want me— "You know I want you. You know that I'd give my soul to pick you up in my arms and keep you here, hidden away from the world, for ever and ever. And you're tempting me, Anne. You, with your long witch's hair, and your eyes that are golden and brown and green and never stop laughing even when your mouth is grave. But I'll save you from yourself and from me. You shall go to-night. You shall go to Beira— "I'm not going to Beira," I interrupted. "You are. You shall go to Beira if I have to take you there myself and throw you on to the boat. What do you think I'm made of? Do you think I'll wake up night after night, fearing they've got you? One can't go on counting on miracles happening. You must go back to England, Anne—and—and marry and be happy." "With a steady man who'll give me a good home!" "Better that than—utter disaster." "And what of you?" His face grew grim and set. "I've got my work ready to hand. Don't ask what it is. You can guess, I dare say. But I'll tell you this—I'll clear my name, or die in the attempt, and I'll choke the life out of the damned scoundrel who did his best to murder you the other night." "We must be fair," I said. "He didn't actually push me over." "He'd no need to. His plan was cleverer than that. I went up to the path afterwards. Everything looked all right, but by the marks on the ground I saw that the stones which outline the path had been taken up and put down again in a slightly different place. There are tall bushes growing just over the edge. He'd balanced the outside stones on them, so that you'd think you were still on the path when in reality you were stepping into nothingness. God help He paused a minute and then said in a totally different tone: "We've never spoken of these things, Anne, have we? But the time's come. I want you to hear the whole story—from the beginning." "If it hurts you to go over the past, don't tell me," I said in a low voice. "But I want you to know. I never thought I should speak of that part of my life to any one. Funny, isn't it, the tricks Fate plays?" He was silent for a minute or two. The sun had set, and the velvety darkness of the African night was enveloping us like a mantle. "Some of it I know," I said gently. "What do you know?" "I know that your real name is Harry Lucas." Still he hesitated—not looking at me, but staring straight out in front of him. I had no clue as to what was passing in his mind, but at last he jerked his head forward as though acquiescing in some unspoken decision of his own and began his story. "You are right. My real name is Harry Lucas. My father was a retired soldier who came out to farm in Rhodesia. He died when I was in my second year at Cambridge." "Were you fond of him?" I asked suddenly. "I—don't know." Then he flushed and went on with sudden vehemence: "Why do I say that? I _did_ love my father. We said bitter things to each other the last time I saw him, and we had many rows over my wildness and my debts, but I cared for the old man. I know how much now—when it's too late," he continued more quietly. "It was at Cambridge that I met the other fellow— "Young Eardsley?" "Yes—young Eardsley. His father, as you know, was one of South Africa's most prominent men. We drifted together at once, my friend and I. We had our love of South Africa in common and we both had a taste for the untrodden places of the world. After he left Cambridge, Eardsley had a final quarrel with his father. The old man had paid his debts twice, he refused to do so again. There was a bitter scene between them. Sir Laurence declared himself at the end of his patience—he would do no more for his son. He must stand on his own legs for a while. The result was, as you know, that those two young men went off to South America together, prospecting for diamonds. I'm not going into that now, but we had a wonderful time out there. Hardships in plenty, you understand, but it was a good life—a hand-to-mouth scramble for existence far from the beaten track—and, my God! that's the place to know a friend. There was a bond forged between us two out there that only death could have broken. Well, as Colonel Race told you, our efforts were crowned with success. We found a second Kimberley in the heart of the British Guiana jungles. I can't tell you our elation. It wasn't so much the actual value in money of the find—you see, Eardsley was used to money, and he knew that when his father died he would be a millionaire, and Lucas had always been poor and was used to it. No, it was the sheer delight of discovery." He paused, and then added, almost apologetically: "You don't mind my telling it this way, do you? As though I wasn't in it at all. It seems like that now when I look back and see those two boys. I almost forget that one of them was—Harry Rayburn." "Tell it any way you like," I said, and he went on: "We came to Kimberley—very cock-a-hoop over our find. We brought a magnificent selection of diamonds with us to submit to the experts. And then—in the hotel at Kimberley—we met her— I stiffened a little, and the hand that rested on the doorpost clenched itself involuntarily. "Anita Grünberg—that was her name. She was an actress. Quite young and very beautiful. She was South African born, but her mother was a Hungarian, I believe. There was some sort of mystery about her, and that, of course, heightened her attraction for two boys home from the wilds. She must have had an easy task. We both fell for her right away, and we both took it hard. It was the first shadow that had ever come between us—but even then it didn't weaken our friendship. Each of us, I honestly believe, was willing to stand aside for the other to go in and win. But that wasn't her game. Sometimes, afterwards, I wondered why it hadn't been, for Sir Laurence Eardsley's only son was quite a _parti._ But the truth of it was that she was married—to a sorter in De Beers'—though nobody knew of it. She pretended enormous interests in our discovery, and we told her all about it and even showed her the diamonds. Delilah—that's what she should have been called—and she played her part well! "The De Beers robbery was discovered, and like a thunderclap the police came down upon us. They seized our diamonds. We only laughed at first—the whole thing was so absurd. And then the diamonds were produced in court—and without question they were the stones stolen from De Beers'. Anita Grünberg had disappeared. She had effected the substitution neatly enough, and our story that these were not the stones originally in our possession was laughed to scorn. "Sir Laurence Eardsley had enormous influence. He succeeded in getting the case dismissed—but it left two young men ruined and disgraced to face the world with the stigma of thief attached to their names, and it pretty well broke the old fellow's heart. He had one bitter interview with his son in which he heaped upon him every reproach imaginable. He had done what he could to save the family name, but from that day on his son was his son no longer. He cast him off utterly. And the boy, like the proud young fool that he was, remained silent, disdaining to protest his innocence in the face of his father's disbelief. He came out furious from the interview—his friend was waiting for him. A week later war was declared. The two friends enlisted together. You know what happened. The best pal a man ever had was killed, partly through his own mad recklessness in rushing into unnecessary danger. He died with his name tarnished. . . . "I swear to you, Anne, that it was mainly on his account that I was so bitter against that woman. It had gone deeper with him than with me. I had been madly in love with her for the moment—I even think that I frightened her sometimes—but with him it was a quieter and deeper feeling. She had been the very centre of his universe—and her betrayal of him tore up the very roots of life. The blow stunned him and left him paralyzed." Harry paused. After a minute or two he went on: "As you know, I was reported ‘Missing, presumed killed.' I never troubled to correct the mistake. I took the name of Parker and came to this island, which I knew of old. At the beginning of the war, I had had ambitious hopes of proving my innocence, but now all that spirit seemed dead. All I felt was, ‘What's the good?' My pal was dead, neither he nor I had any living relations who would care. I was supposed to be dead too, let it remain at that. I led a peaceful existence here, neither happy nor unhappy—numbed of all feeling. I see now, though I did not realize it at the time, that that was partly the effect of the war. "And then one day something occurred to wake me right up again. I was taking a party of people in my boat on a trip up the river, and I was standing at the landing-stage, helping them in, when one of the men uttered a startled exclamation. It focused my attention on him. He was a small, thin man with a beard, and he was staring at me for all he was worth as though I was a ghost. So powerful was his emotion that it awakened my curiosity. I made inquiries about him at the hotel and learned that his name was Carton, that he came from Kimberley, and that he was a diamond-sorter employed by De Beers'. In a minute all the old sense of wrong surged over me again. I left the island and went to Kimberley. "I could find out little more about him, however. In the end, I decided that I must force an interview. I took my revolver with me. In the brief glimpse I had had of him, I had realized that he was a physical coward. No sooner were we face to face than I recognized that he was afraid of me. I soon forced him to tell me all he knew. He had engineered part of the robbery and Anita Grünberg was his wife. He had once caught sight of both of us when we were dining with her at the hotel, and, having read that I was killed, my appearance in the flesh at the Falls had startled him badly. He and Anita had married quite young, but she had soon drifted away from him. She had got in with a bad lot, he told me—and it was then for the first time that I heard of the ‘Colonel.' Carton himself had never been mixed up in anything except this one affair—so he solemnly assured me, and I was inclined to believe him. He was emphatically not of the stuff of which successful criminals are made. "I still had the feeling that he was keeping back something. As a test, I threatened to shoot him there and then, declaring that I cared very little what became of me now. In a frenzy of terror he poured out a further story. It seems that Anita Grünberg did not quite trust the ‘Colonel.' Whilst pretending to hand over to him the stones she had taken from the hotel, she kept back some in her own possession. Carton advised her, with his technical knowledge, which to keep. If, at any time, these stones were produced, they were of such colour and quality as to be readily identifiable, and the experts at De Beers' would admit at once that these stones had never passed through their hands. In this way my story of a substitution would be supported, my name would be cleared, and suspicion would be diverted to the proper quarter. I gathered that, contrary to his usual practice, the ‘Colonel' himself had been concerned in this affair, therefore Anita felt satisfied that she had a real hold over him, should she need it. Carton now proposed that I should make a bargain with Anita Grünberg, or Nadina, as she now called herself. For a sufficient sum of money he thought that she would be willing to give up the diamonds and betray her former employer. He would cable to her immediately. "I was still suspicious of Carton. He was a man whom it was easy enough to frighten, but who, in his fright, would tell so many lies that to sift the truth out from them would be no easy job. I went back to the hotel and waited. By the following evening I judged that he would have received the reply to his cable. I called round at his house and was told that Mr. Carton was away, but would be returning on the morrow. Instantly I became suspicious. In the nick of time I found out that he was in reality sailing for England on the _Kilmorden Castle,_ which left Cape Town in two days' time. I had just time to journey down and catch the same boat. "I had no intention of alarming Carton by revealing my presence on board. I had done a good deal of acting in my time at Cambridge, and it was comparatively easy for me to transform myself into a grave bearded gentleman of middle age. I avoided Carton carefully on board the boat, keeping to my own cabin as far as possible under the pretence of illness. "I had no difficulty in trailing him when we got to London. He went straight to an hotel and did not go out until the following day. He left the hotel shortly before one o'clock. I was behind him. He went straight to a house-agent in Knightsbridge. There he asked for particulars of houses to let on the river. "I was at the next table also inquiring about houses. Then suddenly in walked Anita Grünberg, Nadina—whatever you like to call her. Superb, insolent, and almost as beautiful as ever. God! how I hated her. There she was, the woman who had ruined my life—and who had also ruined a better life than mine. At that minute I could have put my hands round her neck and squeezed the life out of her inch by inch! Just for a minute or two I saw red. I hardly took in what the agent was saying. It was her voice that I heard next, high and clear, with an exaggerated foreign accent: ‘The Mill House, Marlow. The property of Sir Eustace Pedler. That sounds as though it might suit me. At any rate, I will go and see it.' "The man wrote her an order, and she walked out again in her regal insolent manner. Not by word or a sign had she recognized Carton, yet I was sure that their meeting there was a preconceived plan. Then I started to jump to conclusions. Not knowing that Sir Eustace was at Cannes, I thought that this house-hunting business was a mere pretext for meeting him in the Mill House. I knew that he had been in South Africa at the time of the robbery, and never having seen him I immediately leaped to the conclusion that he himself was the mysterious ‘Colonel' of whom I had heard so much. "I followed my two suspects along Knightsbridge. Nadina went into the Hyde Park Hotel. I quickened my pace and went in also. She walked straight into the restaurant, and I decided that I would not risk her recognizing me at the moment, but would continue to follow Carton. I was in great hopes that he was going to get the diamonds, and that by suddenly appearing and making myself known to him when he least expected it I might startle the truth out of him. I followed him down into the Tube station at Hyde Park Corner. He was standing by himself at the end of the platform. There was some girl standing near, but no one else. I decided that I would accost him then and there. You know what happened. In the sudden shock of seeing a man whom he imagined far away in South Africa, he lost his head and stepped back upon the line. He was always a coward. Under the pretext of being a doctor, I managed to search his pockets. There was a wallet with some notes in it and one or two unimportant letters, there was a roll of films—which I must have dropped somewhere later—and there was a piece of paper with an appointment made on it for the 22nd on the _Kilmorden_ Castle. In my haste to get away before any one detained me, I dropped that also, but fortunately I remembered the figures. "I hurried to the nearest cloak-room and hastily removed my make-up. I did not want to be laid by the heels for picking a dead man's pocket. Then I retraced my steps to the Hyde Park Hotel. Nadina was still having lunch. I needn't describe in detail how I followed her down to Marlow. She went into the house, and I spoke to the woman at the lodge, pretending that I was with her. Then I, too, went in." He stopped. There was a tense silence. "You will believe me, Anne, won't you? I swear before God that what I am going to say is true. I went into the house after her with something very like murder in my heart—and she was dead! I found her in that first-floor room—God! It was horrible. Dead—and I was not more than three minutes behind her. And there was no sign of any one else in the house! Of course I realized at once the terrible position I was in. By one master-stroke the blackmailed had rid himself of the blackmailer, and at the same time had provided a victim to whom the crime would be ascribed. The hand of the ‘Colonel' was very plain. For the second time I was to be his victim. Fool that I had been to walk into the trap so easily. "I hardly know what I did next. I managed to go out of the place looking fairly normal, but I knew that it could not be long before the crime was discovered and a description of my appearance telegraphed all over the country. "I lay low for some days, not daring to make a move. In the end chance came to my aid. I overheard a conversation between two middle-aged gentlemen in the street, one of whom proved to be Sir Eustace Pedler. I at once conceived the idea of attaching myself to him as his secretary. The fragment of conversation I had overheard gave me my clue. I was now no longer so sure that Sir Eustace Pedler was the ‘Colonel.' His house might have been appointed as a rendezvous by accident, or for some obscure motive that I had not fathomed." "Do you know," I interrupted, "that Guy Pagett was in Marlow at the date of the murder?" "That settles it then. I thought he was at Cannes with Sir Eustace." "He was supposed to be in Florence—but he certainly never went _there._ I'm pretty certain he was really in Marlow, but of course I can't prove it." "And to think I never suspected Pagett for a minute until the night he tried to throw you overboard. The man's a marvellous actor." "Yes, isn't he?" "That explains why the Mill House was chosen. Pagett could probably get in and out of it unobserved. Of course he made no objection to my accompanying Sir Eustace across in the boat. He didn't want me laid by the heels immediately. You see, evidently Nadina didn't bring the jewels with her to the rendezvous as they had counted on her doing. I fancy that Carton really had them and concealed them somewhere on the _Kilmorden Castle_—that's where he came in. They hoped that I might have some clue as to where they were hidden. As long as the ‘Colonel' did not recover the diamonds, he was still in danger—hence his anxiety to get them at all costs. Where the devil Carton hid them—if he did hide them, I don't know." "That's another story," I quoted. _"My_ story. And I'm going to tell it you now." Harry listened attentively whilst I recounted all the events that I have narrated in these pages. The thing that bewildered and astonished him most was to find that all along the diamonds had been in my possession—or rather in Suzanne's. That was a fact he had never suspected. Of course, after hearing his story, I realized the point of Carton's little arrangement—or rather Nadina's, since I had no doubt that it was her brain which had conceived the plan. No surprise tactics executed against her or her husband could result in the seizure of the diamonds. The secret was locked in her own brain, and the "Colonel" was not likely to guess that they had been entrusted to the keeping of an ocean steward! Harry's vindication from the old charge of theft seemed assured. It was the other, graver charge that paralyzed all our activities. For, as things stood, he could not come out in the open to prove his case. The one thing we came back to, again and again, was the identity of the "Colonel." Was he, or was he not, Guy Pagett? "I should say he was but for one thing," said Harry. "It seems pretty much of a certainty that it was Pagett who murdered Anita Grünberg at Marlow—and that certainly lends colour to the supposition that he is actually the ‘Colonel,' since Anita's business was not of the nature to be discussed with a subordinate. No—the only thing that militates against that theory is the attempt to put you out of the way on the night of your arrival here. You saw Pagett left behind at Cape Town—by no possible means could he have arrived here before He is unlikely to have any emissaries in this part of the world, and all his plans were laid to deal with you in Cape Town. He might, of course, have cabled instructions to some lieutenant of his in Johannesburg, who could have joined the Rhodesian train at Mafeking, but his instructions would have had to be particularly definite to allow of that note being written." We sat silent for a moment, then Harry went on slowly: "You say that Mrs. Blair was asleep when you left the hotel and that you heard Sir Eustace dictating to Miss Pettigrew? Where was Colonel Race?" "I could not find him anywhere." "Had he any reason to believe that—you and I might be friendly with each other?" "He might have had," I answered thoughtfully, remembering our conversation on the way back from the Matoppos. "He's a very powerful personality," I continued, "but not at all my idea of the ‘Colonel.' And, anyway, such an idea would be absurd. He's in the Secret Service." "How do we know that he is? It's the easiest thing in the world to throw out a hint of that kind. No one contradicts it, and the rumour spreads until every one believes it as gospel truth. It provides an excuse for all sorts of doubtful doings. Anne, do you like Race?" "I do—and I don't. He repels me and at the same time fascinates me; but I know one thing, I'm always a little afraid of him." "He was in South Africa, you know, at the time of the Kimberley robbery," said Harry slowly. "But it was he who told Suzanne all about the ‘Colonel' and how he had been in Paris trying to get on his track." _"Camouflage_—of a particularly clever kind." "But where does Pagett come in? Is he in Race's pay?" "Perhaps," said Harry slowly, "he doesn't come in at all." "What?" "Think back, Anne. Did you ever hear Pagett's own account of that night on the _Kilmorden? "_ "Yes—through Sir Eustace." I repeated it. Harry listened closely. "He saw a man coming from the direction of Sir Eustace's cabin and followed him up on deck. Is that what he says? Now, who had the cabin opposite to Sir Eustace? Colonel Race. Supposing Colonel Race crept up on deck, and, foiled in his attack on you, fled round the deck and met Pagett just coming through the saloon door. He knocks him down and springs inside, closing the door. We dash round and find Pagett lying there. How's that?" "You forget that he declares positively it was you who knocked him down." "Well, suppose that just as he regains consciousness he sees me disappearing in the distance? Wouldn't he take it for granted that I was his assailant? Especially as he thought all along it was I he was following?" "It's possible, yes," I said slowly. "But it alters all our ideas. And there are other things." "Most of them are open to explanation. The man who followed you in Cape Town spoke to Pagett, and Pagett looked at his watch. The man might have merely asked him the time." "It was just a coincidence, you mean?" "Not exactly. There's a method in all this, connecting Pagett with the affair. Why was the Mill House chosen for the murder? Was it because Pagett had been in Kimberley when the diamonds were stolen? Would _he_ have been made the scapegoat if I had not appeared so providentially upon the scene?" "Then you think he may be entirely innocent?" "It looks like it, but, if so, we've got to find out what he was doing in Marlow. If he's got a reasonable explanation of that, we're on the right tack." He got up. "It's past midnight. Turn in, Anne, and get some sleep. Just before dawn I'll take you over in the boat. You must catch the train at Livingstone. I've got a friend there who will keep you hidden away until the train starts. You go to Bulawayo and catch the Beira train there. I can find out from my friend in Livingstone what's going on at the hotel and where your friends are now." "Beira," I said meditatively. "Yes, Anne, it's Beira for you. This is man's work. Leave it to me." We had had a momentary respite from emotion whilst we talked the situation out, but it was on us again now. We did not even look at each other. "Very well," I said, and passed into the hut. I lay down on the skin-covered couch, but I didn't sleep, and outside I could hear Harry Rayburn pacing up and down, up and down through the long dark hours. At last he called me: "Come, Anne, it's time to go." I got up and came out obediently. It was still quite dark, but I knew that dawn was not far off. "We'll take the canoe, not the motor-boat— Harry began, when suddenly he stopped dead and held up his hand. "Hush! What's that?" I listened, but could hear nothing. His ears were sharper than mine, however, the ears of a man who has lived long in the wilderness. Presently I heard it too—the faint splash of paddles in the water coming from the direction of the right bank of the river and rapidly approaching our little landing-stage. We strained our eyes in the darkness, and could make out a dark blur on the surface of the water. It was a boat. Then there was a momentary spurt of flame. Some one had struck a match. By its light I recognized one figure, the red-bearded Dutchman of the villa at Muizenberg. The others were natives. "Quick—back to the hut." Harry swept me back with him. He took down a couple of rifles and a revolver from the wall. "Can you load a rifle?" "I never have. Show me how." I grasped his instructions well enough. We closed the door and Harry stood by the window which overlooked the landing-stage. The boat was just about to run alongside it. "Who's that?" called out Harry in a ringing voice. Any doubt we might have had as to our visitors' intentions was swiftly resolved. A hail of bullets splattered round us. Fortunately neither of us was hit. Harry raised the rifle. It spat murderously, and again and again. I heard two groans and a splash. "That's given 'em something to think about," he muttered grimly, as he reached for the second rifle. "Stand well back, Anne, for God's sake. And load quickly." More bullets. One just grazed Harry's cheek. His answering fire was more deadly than theirs. I had the rifle reloaded when he turned for it. He caught me close with his left arm and kissed me once savagely before he turned to the window again. Suddenly he uttered a shout. "They're going—had enough of it. They're a good mark out there on the water, and they can't see how many of us there are. They're routed for the moment—but they'll come back. We'll have to get ready for them." He flung down the rifle and turned to me. "Anne! You beauty! You wonder! You little queen! As brave as a lion. Black-haired witch!" He caught me in his arms. He kissed my hair, my eyes, my mouth. "And now to business," he said, suddenly releasing me. "Get out those tins of paraffin." I did as I was told. He was busy inside the hut. Presently I saw him on the roof of the hut, crawling along with something in his arms. He rejoined me in a minute or two. "Go down to the boat. We'll have to carry it across the island to the other side." He picked up the paraffin as I disappeared. "They're coming back," I called softly. I had seen the blur moving out from the opposite shore. He ran down to me. "Just in time. Why—where the hell's the boat?" Both had been cut adrift. Harry whistled softly. "We're in a tight place, honey. Mind?" "Not with you." "Ah, but dying together's not much fun. We'll do better than that. See—they've got two boat-loads this time. Going to land at two different points. Now for my little scenic effect." Almost as he spoke a long flame shot up from the hut. Its light illuminated two crouching figures huddled together on the roof. "My old clothes—stuffed with rags—but they won't tumble to it for some time. Come, Anne, we've got to try desperate means." Hand in hand, we raced across the island. Only a narrow channel of water divided it from the shore on that side. "We've got to swim for it. Can you swim at all, Anne? Not that it matters. I can get you across. It's the wrong side for a boat——too many rocks, but the right side for swimming, and the right side for Livingstone." "I can swim a little—farther than that. What's the danger, Harry?" For I had seen the grim look on his face. "Sharks?" "No, you little goose. Sharks live in the sea. But you're sharp, Anne. Crocs, that's the trouble." "Crocodiles?" "Yes, don't think of them—or say your prayers, whichever you feel inclined." We plunged in. My prayers must have been efficacious, for we reached the shore without adventure, and drew ourselves up wet and dripping on the bank. "Now for Livingstone. It's rough going, I'm afraid, and wet clothes won't make it any better. But it's got to be done." That walk was a nightmare. My wet skirts flapped round my legs, and my stockings were soon torn off by the thorns. Finally I stopped, utterly exhausted. Harry came back to me. "Hold up, honey. I'll carry you for a bit." That was the way I came into Livingstone, slung across his shoulder like a sack of coals. How he did it for all that way, I don't know. The first faint light of dawn was just breaking. Harry's friend was a young man of twenty odd who kept a store of native curios. His name was Ned—perhaps he had another, but I never heard it. He didn't seem in the least surprised to see Harry walk in, dripping wet, holding an equally dripping female by the hand. Men are very wonderful. He gave us food to eat, and hot coffee, and got our clothes dried for us whilst we rolled ourselves in Manchester blankets of gaudy hue. In the tiny back room of the hut we were safe from observation whilst he departed to make judicious inquiries as to what had become of Sir Eustace's party, and whether any of them were still at the hotel. It was then that I informed Harry that nothing would induce me to go to Beira. I never meant to, anyway, but now all reason for such proceedings had vanished. The point of the plan had been that my enemies believed me dead. Now that they knew I wasn't dead, my going to Beira would do no good whatever. They could easily follow me there and murder me quietly. I should have no one to protect me. It was finally arranged that I should join Suzanne, wherever she was, and devote all my energies to taking care of myself. On no account was I to seek adventures or endeavour to checkmate the "Colonel." I was to remain quietly with her and await instructions from Harry. The diamonds were to be deposited in the Bank at Kimberley under the name of Parker. "There's one thing," I said thoughtfully, "we ought to have a code of some kind. We don't want to be hoodwinked again by messages purporting to come from one to the other." "That's easy enough. Any message that comes _genuinely_ from me will have the word ‘and' crossed out in it." "Without trade-mark, none genuine," I murmured. "What about wires?" "Any wires from me will be signed ‘Andy.'" "Train will be in before long, Harry," said Ned, putting his head in and withdrawing it immediately. I stood up. "And shall I marry a nice steady man if I find one?" I asked demurely. Harry came close to me. "My God! Anne, if you ever marry any one else but me, I'll wring his neck. And as for you— "Yes," I said, pleasurably excited. "I shall carry you away and beat you black and blue!" "What a delightful husband I have chosen," I said satirically. "And doesn't he change his mind overnight!" _(Extract from the diary of Sir Eustace Pedler)_ As I remarked once before, I am essentially a man of peace. I yearn for a quiet life—and that's just the one thing I don't seem able to have. I am always in the middle of storms and alarms. The relief of getting away from Pagett with his incessant nosing out of intrigues was enormous, and Miss Pettigrew is certainly a useful creature. Although there is nothing of the houri about her, one or two of her accomplishments are invaluable. It is true that I had a touch of liver at Bulawayo and behaved like a bear in consequence, but I had had a disturbed night in the train. At 3 a.m. an exquisitely dressed young man looking like a musical-comedy hero of the Wild West entered my compartment and asked where I was going. Disregarding my first murmur of "Tea—and for God's sake don't put sugar in it," he repeated his question, laying stress on the fact that he was not a waiter but an Immigration officer. I finally succeeded in satisfying him that I was suffering from no infectious disease, that I was visiting Rhodesia from the purest of motives, and further gratified him with my full Christian names and my place of birth. I then endeavoured to snatch a little sleep, but some officious ass aroused me at 5.30 with a cup of liquid sugar which he called tea. I don't think I threw it at him, but I know that that was what I wanted to do. He brought me unsugared tea, stone cold, at 6, and I then fell asleep utterly exhausted, to awaken just outside Bulawayo and be landed with a beastly wooden giraffe, all legs and neck! But for these small contretemps, all had been going smoothly. And then fresh calamity befell. It was the night of our arrival at the Falls. I was dictating to Miss Pettigrew in my sitting-room, when suddenly Mrs. Blair burst in without a word of excuse and wearing most compromising attire. "Where's Anne?" she cried. A nice question to ask. As though I were responsible for the girl. What did she expect Miss Pettigrew to think? That I was in the habit of producing Anne Beddingfeld from my pocket at midnight or thereabouts? Very compromising for a man in my position. "I presume," I said coldly, "that she is in her bed." I cleared my throat and glanced at Miss Pettigrew, to show that I was ready to resume dictating. I hoped Mrs. Blair would take the hint. She did nothing of the kind. Instead she sank into a chair and waved a slippered foot in an agitated manner. "She's not in her room. I've been there. I had a dream—a terrible dream—that she was in some awful danger, and I got up and went to her room, just to reassure myself, you know. She wasn't there and her bed hadn't been slept in." She looked at me appealingly. "What shall I do, Sir Eustace?" Repressing the desire to reply, "Go to bed, and don't worry over nothing. An able-bodied young woman like Anne Beddingfeld is perfectly well able to take care of herself," I frowned judicially. "What does Race say about it?" Why should Race have it all his own way? Let him have some of the disadvantages as well as the advantages of female society. "I can't find him anywhere." She was evidently making a night of it. I sighed and sat down in a chair. "I don't quite see the reason for your agitation," I said patiently. "My dream— "That curry we had for dinner!" "Oh, Sir Eustace!" The woman was quite indignant. And yet everybody knows that nightmares are a direct result of injudicious eating. "After all," I continued persuasively, "why shouldn't Anne Beddingfeld and Race go out for a little stroll without having the whole hotel aroused about it?" "You think they've just gone out for a stroll together? But it's after midnight!" "One does these foolish things when one is young," I murmured, "though Race is certainly old enough to know better." "Do you really think so?" "I dare say they've run away to make a match of it," I continued soothingly, though fully aware that I was making an idiotic suggestion. For, after all, at a place like this, where is there to run away to? I don't know how much longer I should have gone on making feeble remarks, but at that moment Race himself walked in upon us. At any rate, I had been partly right—_he_ had been out for a stroll, but he hadn't taken Anne with him. However, I had been quite wrong in my way of dealing with the situation. I was soon shown that. Race had the whole hotel turned upside-down in three minutes. I've never seen a man more upset. The thing is very extraordinary. Where did the girl go? She walked out of the hotel, fully dressed, about ten minutes past eleven, and she was never seen again. The idea of suicide seems impossible. She was one of those energetic young women who are in love with life, and have not the faintest intention of quitting it. There was no train either way until midday on the morrow, so she can't have left the place. Then where the devil is she? Race is almost beside himself, poor fellow. He has left no stone unturned. All the D.C.'s, or whatever they call themselves, for hundreds of miles round have been pressed into the service. The native trackers have run about on all fours. Everything that can be done is being done—but no sign of Anne Beddingfeld. The accepted theory is that she walked in her sleep. There are signs on the path near the bridge which seem to show that the girl walked deliberately off the edge. If so, of course, she must have been dashed to pieces on the rocks below. Unfortunately, most of the footprints were obliterated by a party of tourists who chose to walk that way early on the Monday morning. I don't know that it's a very satisfactory theory. In my young days, I always was told that sleep-walkers couldn't hurt themselves—that their own sixth sense took care of them. I don't think the theory satisfies Mrs. Blair either. I can't make that woman out. Her whole attitude towards Race has changed. She watches him now like a cat a mouse, and she makes obvious efforts to bring herself to be civil to him. And they used to be such friends. Altogether she is unlike herself, nervous, hysterical, starting and jumping at the least sound. I am beginning to think that it is high time I went to Jo'burg. A rumour came along yesterday of a mysterious island somewhere up the river, with a man and a girl on it. Race got very excited. It turned out to be all a mare's-nest, however. The man had been there for years, and is well known to the manager of the hotel. He totes parties up and down the river in the season and points out crocodiles and a stray hippopotamus or so to them. I believe that he keeps a tame one which is trained to bite pieces out of the boat on occasions. Then he fends it off with a boat-hook, and the party feel they have really got to the back of beyond at last. How long the girl has been there is not definitely known, but it seems pretty clear that she can't be Anne, and there is a certain delicacy in interfering in other people's affairs. If I were this young fellow, I should certainly kick Race off the island if he came asking questions about my love affairs. _Later._ It is definitely settled that I go to Jo'burg to-morrow. Race urges me to do so. Things are getting unpleasant there, by all I hear, but I might as well go before they get worse. I dare say I shall be shot by a striker, anyway. Mrs. Blair was to have accompanied me, but at the last minute she changed her mind and decided to stay on at the Falls. It seems as though she couldn't bear to take her eyes off Race. She came to me to-night and said, with some hesitation, that she had a favour to ask. Would I take charge of her souvenirs for her? "Not I asked, in lively alarm. I always felt that I should get stuck with those beastly animals sooner or later. In the end we effected a compromise. I took charge of two small wooden boxes for her which contained fragile articles. The animals are to be packed by the local store in vast crates and sent to Cape Town by rail, where Pagett will see to their being stored. The people who are packing them say that they are of a particularly awkward shape (! ), and that special cases will have to be made. I pointed out to Mrs. Blair that by the time she has got them home those animals will have cost her easily a pound apiece! Pagett is straining at the leash to rejoin me in Jo'burg. I shall make an excuse of Mrs. Blair's cases to keep him in Cape Town. I have written him that he must receive the cases and see to their safe disposal, as they contain rare curios of immense value. So all is settled, and I and Miss Pettigrew go off into the blue together. And any one who has seen Miss Pettigrew will admit that it is perfectly respectable. Johannesburg, _March 6th._ There is something about the state of things here that is not at all healthy. To use the well-known phrase that I have so often read, we are all living on the edge of a volcano. Bands of strikers, or so-called strikers, patrol the streets and scowl at one in a murderous fashion. They are picking out the bloated capitalists ready for when the massacres begin, I suppose. You can't ride in a taxi—if you do, strikers pull you out again. And the hotels hint pleasantly that when the food gives out they will fling you out on the mat! I met Reeves, my labour friend of the _Kilmorden,_ last night. He has cold feet worse than any man I ever saw. He's like all the rest of these people, they make inflammatory speeches of enormous length, solely for political purposes, and then wish they hadn't. He's busy now going about and saying he didn't really do it. When I met him, he was just off to Cape Town, where he meditates making a three days' speech in Dutch, vindicating himself, and pointing out that the things he said really meant something entirely different. I am thankful that I do not have to sit in the Legislative Assembly of South Africa. The House of Commons is bad enough, but at least we have only one language, and some slight restriction as to length of speeches. When I went to the Assembly before leaving Cape Town, I listened to a gray-haired gentleman with a drooping moustache who looked exactly like the Mock Turtle in _Alice in Wonderland._ He dropped out his words one by one in a particularly melancholy fashion. Every now and then he galvanized himself to further efforts by ejaculating something that sounded like "Platt Skeet," uttered _fortissimo_ and in marked contrast to the rest of his delivery. When he did this, half his audience yelled "Whoof, whoof!" which is possibly Dutch for "Hear, hear," and the other half woke up with a start from the pleasant nap they had been having. I was given to understand that the gentleman had been speaking for at least three days. They must have a lot of patience in South Africa. I have invented endless jobs to keep Pagett in Cape Town, but at last the fertility of my imagination has given out, and he joins me to-morrow in the spirit of the faithful dog who comes to die by his master's side. And I was getting on so well with my Reminiscences too! I had invented some extraordinarily witty things that the strike leaders said to me and I said to the strike leaders. This morning I was interviewed by a Government official. He was urbane, persuasive and mysterious in turn. To begin with, he alluded to my exalted position and importance and suggested that I should remove myself, or be removed by him, to Pretoria. "You expect trouble, then?" I asked. His reply was so worded as to have no meaning whatsoever, so I gathered that they were expecting serious trouble. I suggested to him that his Government were letting things go rather far. "There is such a thing as giving a man enough rope, and letting him hang himself, Sir Eustace." "Oh, quite so, quite so." "It is not the strikers themselves who are causing the trouble. There is some organization at work behind them. Arms and explosives have been pouring in, and we have made a haul of certain documents which throw a good deal of light on the methods adopted to import them. There is a regular code. Potatoes mean ‘detonators,' cauliflower, ‘rifles,' other vegetables stand for various explosives." "That's very interesting," I commended. "More than that, Sir Eustace, we have every reason to believe that the man who runs the whole show, the directing genius of the affair, is at this minute in Johannesburg." He stared at me so hard that I began to fear that he suspected me of being the man. I broke out into a cold perspiration at the thought, and began to regret that I had ever conceived the idea of inspecting a miniature revolution at first hand. "No trains are running from Jo'burg to Pretoria," he continued. "But I can arrange to send you over by private car. In case you should be stopped on the way I can provide you with two separate passes, one issued by the Union Government, and the other stating that you are an English visitor who has nothing whatsoever to do with the Union." "One for your people, and one for the strikers, eh?" "Exactly." The project did not appeal to me—I know what happens in a case of that kind. You get flustered and mix the things up. I should hand the wrong pass to the wrong person, and it would end in my being summarily shot by a bloodthirsty rebel, or one of the supporters of law and order whom I notice guarding the streets wearing bowler hats and smoking pipes, with rifles tucked carelessly under their arms. Besides, what should I do with myself in Pretoria? Admire the architecture of the Union buildings and listen to the echoes of the shooting round Johannesburg? I should be penned up there God knows how long. They've blown up the railway line already, I hear. It isn't even as if one could get a drink there. They put the place under martial law two days ago. "My dear fellow," I said, "you don't seem to realize that I'm studying conditions on the Rand. How the devil am I going to study them from Pretoria? I appreciate your care for my safety, but don't you worry about me. I shall be all right." "I warn you, Sir Eustace, that the food question is already serious." "A little fasting will improve my figure," I said, with a sigh. We were interrupted by a telegram being handed to me. I read it with amazement: "Anne is safe. Here with me at Kimberley. Suzanne Blair." I don't think I ever really believed in the annihilation of Anne. There is something peculiarly indestructible about that young woman—she is like the patent balls that one gives to terriers. She has an extraordinary knack of turning up smiling. I still don't see why it was necessary for her to walk out of the hotel in the middle of the night in order to get to Kimberley. There was no train, anyway. She must have put on a pair of angel's wings and flown there. And I don't suppose she will ever explain. Nobody does—to me. I always have to guess. It becomes monotonous after a while. The exigencies of journalism are at the bottom of it, I suppose. "How I shot the rapids," by our Special Correspondent. I refolded the telegram and got rid of my Governmental friend. I don't like the prospect of being hungry, but I'm not alarmed for my personal safety. Smuts is perfectly capable of dealing with the revolution. But I would give a considerable sum of money for a drink! I wonder if Pagett will have the sense to bring a bottle of whisky with him when he arrives to-morrow? I put on my hat and went out, intending to buy a few souvenirs. The curio-shops in Jo'burg are rather pleasant. I was just studying a window full of imposing karosses, when a man coming out of the shop cannoned into me. To my surprise it turned out to be Race. I can't flatter myself that he looked pleased to see me. As a matter of fact, he looked distinctly annoyed, but I insisted on his accompanying me back to the hotel. I get tired of having no one but Miss Pettigrew to talk to. "I had no idea you were in Jo'burg," I said chattily. "When did you arrive?" "Last night." "Where are you staying?" "With friends." He was disposed to be extraordinarily taciturn, and seemed to be embarrassed by my questions. "I hope they keep poultry," I remarked. "A diet of new-laid eggs and the occasional slaughtering of an old cock will be decidedly agreeable soon from all I hear." "By the way," I said, when we were back in the hotel, "have you heard that Miss Beddingfeld is alive and kicking?" He nodded. "She gave us quite a fright," I said airily. "Where the devil did she go to that night, that's what I'd like to know." "She was on the island all the time." "Which island? Not the one with the young man on it?" "Yes." "How very improper," I said. "Pagett will be quite shocked. He always did disapprove of Anne Beddingfeld. I suppose that was the young man she originally intended to meet in Durban?" "I don't think so." "Don't tell me anything you don't want to," I said, by way of encouraging him. "I fancy that this is a young man we should all be very glad to lay our hands on." "Not——?" I cried, in rising excitement. He nodded. "Harry Rayburn, _alias_ Harry Lucas—that's his real name, you know. He's given us all the slip once more, but we're bound to rope him in soon." "Dear me, dear me," I murmured. "We don't suspect the girl of complicity in any case. On her side it's—just a love-affair." I always did think Race was in love with Anne. The way he said those last words made me feel sure of it. "She's gone to Beira," he continued rather hastily. "Indeed," I said, staring. "How do you know?" "She wrote to me from Bulawayo, telling me she was going home that way. The best thing she can do, poor child." "Somehow, I don't fancy she is in Beira," I said meditatively. "She was just starting when she wrote." I was puzzled. Somebody was clearly lying. Without stopping to reflect that Anne might have excellent reasons for her misleading statements, I gave myself up to the pleasure of scoring off Race. He is always so cocksure. I took the telegram from my pocket and handed it to him. "Then how do you explain this?" I asked nonchalantly. He seemed dumbfounded. "She said she was just starting for Beira," he said, in a dazed voice. I know that Race is supposed to be clever. He is, in my opinion, rather a stupid man. It never seemed to occur to him that girls do not always tell the truth. "Kimberley too. What are they doing there?" he muttered. "Yes, that surprised me. I should have thought Miss Anne would have been in the thick of it here, gathering copy for the _Daily Budget. "_ "Kimberley," he said again. The place seemed to upset him. "There's nothing to see there—the pits aren't being worked." "You know what women are," I said vaguely. He shook his head and went off. I have evidently given him something to think about. No sooner had he departed than my Government official reappeared. "I hope you will forgive me for troubling you again, Sir Eustace," he apologized. "But there are one or two questions I should like to ask you." "Certainly, my dear fellow," I said cheerfully. "Ask away." "It concerns your secretary— "I know nothing about him," I said hastily. "He foisted himself upon me in London, robbed me of valuable papers—for which I shall be hauled over the coals—and disappeared like a conjuring trick at Cape Town. It's true that I was at the Falls at the same time as he was, but I was at the hotel, and he was on an island. I can assure you that I never set eyes upon him the whole time that I was there." I paused for breath. "You misunderstand me. It was of your other secretary that I spoke." "What? Pagett?" I cried, in lively astonishment. "He's been with me eight years—a most trustworthy fellow." My interlocutor smiled. "We are still at cross-purposes. I refer to the lady." "Miss Pettigrew?" I exclaimed. "Yes. She has been seen coming out of Agrasato's Native Curio-shop." "God bless my soul!" I interrupted. "I was going into that place myself this afternoon. You might have caught _me_ coming out!" There doesn't seem to be any innocent thing that one can do in Jo'burg without being suspected for it. "Ah! but she has been there more than once—and in rather doubtful circumstances. I may as well tell you—in confidence, Sir Eustace—that the place is suspected of being a well-known rendezvous used by the secret organization behind this revolution. That is why I should be glad to hear all that you can tell me about this lady. Where and how did you come to engage her?" "She was lent to me," I replied coldly, "by your own Government." He collapsed utterly. _(Anne's Narrative Resumed)_ As soon as I got to Kimberley I wired to Suzanne. She joined me there with the utmost dispatch, heralding her arrival with telegrams sent off _en route._ I was awfully surprised to find that she really was fond of me—I thought I had been just a new sensation, but she positively fell on my neck and wept when we met. When we had recovered from our emotion a little, I sat down on the bed and told her the whole story from A to Z. "You always did suspect Colonel Race," she said thoughtfully, when I had finished. "I didn't until the night you disappeared. I liked him so much all along and thought he would make such a nice husband for you. Oh, Anne, dear, don't be cross, but how do you know that this young man of yours is telling the truth? You believe every word he says." "Of course I do," I cried indignantly. "But what is there in him that attracts you so? I don't see that there's anything in him at all except his rather reckless good looks and his modern Sheik-cum-Stone-Age love-making." I poured out the vials of my wrath upon Suzanne for some minutes. "Just because you're comfortably married and getting fat, you've forgotten that there's any such thing as romance," I ended. "Oh, I'm not getting fat, Anne. All the worry I've had about you lately must have worn me to a shred." "You look particularly well nourished," I said coldly. "I should say you must have put on about half a stone." "And I don't know that I'm so comfortably married either," continued Suzanne in a melancholy voice. "I've been having the most dreadful cables from Clarence ordering me to come home at once. At last I didn't answer them, and now I haven't heard for over a fortnight." I'm afraid I didn't take Suzanne's matrimonial troubles very seriously. She will be able to get round Clarence all right when the times comes. I turned the conversation to the subject of the diamonds. Suzanne looked at me with a dropped jaw. "I must explain, Anne. You see, as soon as I began to suspect Colonel Race, I was terribly upset about the diamonds. I wanted to stay on at the Falls in case he might have kidnapped you somewhere close by, but didn't know what to do about the diamonds. I was afraid to keep them in my possession— Suzanne looked round her uneasily, as though she feared the walls might have ears, and then whispered vehemently in my ear. "A distinctly good idea," I approved. "At the time, that is. It's a bit awkward now. What did Sir Eustace do with the cases?" "The big ones were sent down to Cape Town. I heard from Pagett before I left the Falls, and he enclosed the receipt for their storage. He's leaving Cape Town to-day, by the by, to join Sir Eustace in Johannesburg." "I see," I said thoughtfully. "And the small ones, where are they?" "I suppose Sir Eustace has got them with him." I turned the matter over in my mind. "Well," I said at last, "it's awkward—but it's safe enough. We'd better do nothing for the present." Suzanne looked at me with a little smile. "You don't like doing nothing, do you, Anne?" "Not very much," I replied honestly. The one thing I could do was to get hold of a time-table and see what time Guy Pagett's train would pass through Kimberley. I found that it would arrive at 5.40 on the following afternoon and depart again at 6. I wanted to see Pagett as soon as possible, and that seemed to me a good opportunity. The situation on the Rand was getting very serious, and it might be a long time before I got another chance. The only thing that livened up the day was a wire dispatched from Johannesburg. A most innocent-sounding telegram: "Arrived safely. All going well. Eric here, also Eustace, but not Guy. Remain where you are for the present. Andy." Eric was our pseudonym for Race. I chose it because it is a name I dislike exceedingly. There was clearly nothing to be done until I could see Pagett. Suzanne employed herself in sending off a long soothing cable to the far-off Clarence. She became quite sentimental over him. In her way—which of course is quite different from me and Harry—she is really fond of Clarence. "I do wish he was here, Anne," she gulped. "It's such a long time since I've seen him." "Have some face cream," I said soothingly. Suzanne rubbed a little on the tip of her charming nose. "I shall want some more face cream soon too," she remarked, "and you can only get this kind in Paris." She sighed. "Paris!" "Suzanne," I said, "very soon you'll have had enough of South Africa and adventure." "I should like a really nice hat," admitted Suzanne wistfully. "Shall I come with you to meet Guy Pagett to-morrow?" "I prefer to go alone. He'd be shyer speaking before two of us." So it came about that I was standing in the doorway of the hotel on the following afternoon, struggling with a recalcitrant parasol that refused to go up, whilst Suzanne lay peacefully on her bed with a book and a basket of fruit. According to the hotel porter, the train was on its good behaviour to-day and would be almost on time, though he was extremely doubtful whether it would ever get through to Johannesburg. The line had been blown up, so he solemnly assured me. It sounded cheerful! The train drew in just ten minutes late. Everybody tumbled out on the platform and began walking up and down feverishly. I had no difficulty in espying Pagett. I accosted him eagerly. He gave his usual nervous start at seeing me—somewhat accentuated this time. "Dear me, Miss Beddingfeld, I understood that you had disappeared." "I have reappeared again," I told him solemnly. "And how are you, Mr. Pagett?" "Very well, thank you—looking forward to taking up my work again with Sir Eustace." "Mr. Pagett," I said, "there is something I want to ask you. I hope that you won't be offended, but a lot hangs on it, more than you can possibly guess. I want to know what you were doing at Marlow on the 8th of January last?" He started violently. "Really, Miss Beddingfeld—I—indeed— "You _were_ there, weren't you?" "I—for reasons of my own I was in the neighbourhood, yes." "Won't you tell me what those reasons were?" "Sir Eustace has not already told you?" "Sir Eustace? Does he know?" "I am almost sure that he does. I hoped he had not recognized me, but from the hints he has let drop, and his remarks, I fear it is only too certain. In any case, I meant to make a clean breast of the He is a peculiar man, Miss Beddingfeld, with an abnormal sense of humour. It seems to amuse him to keep me on tenter-hooks. All the time, I dare say, he was perfectly well aware of the true facts. Possibly he has known them for years." I hoped that sooner or later I should be able to understand what Pagett was talking about. He went on fluently: "It is difficult for a man of Sir Eustace's standing to put himself in my position. I know that I was in the wrong, but it seemed a harmless deception. I would have thought it better taste on his part to have tackled me outright—instead of indulging in covert jokes at my expense." A whistle blew, and the people began to surge back into the train. "Yes, Mr. Pagett," I broke in, "I'm sure I quite agree with all you're saying about Sir Eustace. _But why did you go to Marlow? "_ "It was wrong of me, but natural under the circumstances—yes, I still feel natural under the circumstances." "What circumstances?" I cried desperately. For the first time Pagett seemed to recognize that I was asking him a question. His mind detached itself from the peculiarities of Sir Eustace and his own justification and came to rest on me. "I beg your pardon, Miss Beddingfeld," he said stiffly, "but I fail to see your concern in the matter." He was back in the train now, leaning down to speak to me. I felt desperate. What could one do with a man like that? "Of course, if it's so dreadful that you'd be ashamed to speak of it to me— I began spitefully. At last I had found the right stop. Pagett stiffened and flushed. "Dreadful? Ashamed? I don't understand you." "Then tell me." In three short sentences he told me. At last I knew Pagett's secret! It was not in the least what I expected. I walked slowly back to the hotel. There a wire was handed to me. I tore it open. It contained full and definite instructions for me to proceed forthwith to Johannesburg, or rather to a station this side of Johannesburg, where I should be met by a car. It was signed, not Andy, but Harry. I sat down in a chair to do some very serious thinking. _(From the diary of Sir Eustace Pedler)_ Johannesburg, _March 7th._ Pagett has arrived. He is in a blue funk of course. Suggested at once that we should go off to Pretoria. Then, when I had told him kindly but firmly that we were going to remain here, he went to the other extreme, wished he had his rifle here, and began bucking about some bridge he guarded during the Great War. A railway bridge at Little Puddecombe junction, or something of that sort. I soon cut that short by telling him to unpack the big typewriter. I thought that that would keep him employed for some time, because the typewriter was sure to have gone wrong—it always does—and he would have to take it somewhere to be mended. But I had forgotten Pagett's powers of being in the right. "I've already unpacked all the cases, Sir Eustace. The typewriter is in perfect condition." "What do you mean—all the cases?" "The two small cases as well." "I wish you wouldn't be so officious, Pagett. Those small cases were no business of yours. They belong to Mrs. Blair." Pagett looked crestfallen. He hates to make a mistake. "So you can just pack them up again neatly," I continued. "After that you can go out and look around you. Jo'burg will probably be a heap of smoking ruins by to-morrow, so it may be your last chance." I thought that that would get rid of him successfully for the morning, at any rate. "There is something I want to say to you when you have the leisure, Sir Eustace." "I haven't got it now," I said hastily. "At this minute I have absolutely no leisure whatsoever." Pagett retired. "By the way," I called after him, "what was there in those cases of Mrs. Blair's?" "Some fur rugs, and a couple of fur—hats, I think." "That's right," I assented. "She bought them on the train. They _are_ hats—of a kind—though I hardly wonder at your not recognizing them. I dare say she's going to wear one of them at Ascot. What else was there?" "Some rolls of films and some baskets—a lot of baskets— "There would be," I assured him. "Mrs. Blair is the kind of woman who never buys less than a dozen or so of anything." "I think that's all, Sir Eustace, except some miscellaneous odds and ends, a motor-veil and some odd gloves—that sort of thing." "If you hadn't been a born idiot, Pagett, you would have seen from the start that those couldn't possibly be my belongings." "I thought some of them might belong to Miss Pettigrew." "Ah, that reminds me—what do you mean by picking me out such a doubtful character as a secretary?" And I told him about the searching cross-examination I had been put through. Immediately I was sorry, I saw a glint in his eye that I knew only too well. I changed the conversation hurriedly. But it was too late. Pagett was on the war-path. He next proceeded to bore me with a long pointless story about the _Kilmorden._ It was about a roll of films and a wager. The roll of films being thrown through a porthole in the middle of the night by some steward who ought to have known better. I hate horse-play. I told Pagett so, and he began to tell me the story all over again. He tells a story extremely badly, anyway. It was a long time before I could make head or tail of this one. I did not see him again until lunch-time. Then he came in brimming over with excitement, like a bloodhound on the scent. I never have cared for bloodhounds. The upshot of it all was that he had seen Rayburn. "What?" I cried, startled. Yes, he had caught sight of some one whom he was sure was Rayburn crossing the street. Pagett had followed him. "And who do you think I saw him stop and speak to? Miss Pettigrew!" "What?" "Yes, Sir Eustace. And that's not all. I've been making inquiries about her— "Wait a bit. What happened to Rayburn?" "He and Miss Pettigrew went into that corner curio-shop— I uttered an involuntary exclamation. Pagett stopped inquiringly. "Nothing," I said. "Go on." "I waited outside for ages—but they didn't come out. At last I went in. Sir Eustace, there was no one in the shop! There must be another way out." I stared at him. "As I was saying, I came back to the hotel and made some inquiries about Miss Pettigrew." Pagett lowered his voice and breathed hard as he always does when he wants to be confidential. "Sir Eustace, a man was seen coming out of her room last night." I raised my eyebrows. "And I always regarded her as a lady of such eminent respectability," I murmured. Pagett went on without heeding. "I went straight up and searched her room. What do you think I found?" I shook my head. "This!" Pagett held up a safety razor and a stick of shaving soap. "What should a woman want with these?" I don't suppose Pagett ever reads the advertisements in the high-class ladies' papers. I do. Whilst not proposing to argue with him on the subject, I refused to accept the presence of the razor as proof positive of Miss Pettigrew's sex. Pagett is so hopelessly behind the times. I should not have been at all surprised if he had produced a cigarette-case to support his theory. However, even Pagett has his limits. "You're not convinced, Sir Eustace. What do you say to _this? "_ I inspected the article which he dangled aloft triumphantly. "It looks like hair," I remarked distastefully. "It is hair. I think it's what they call a toupee." "Indeed," I commented. "Now are you convinced that that Pettigrew woman is a man in disguise?" "Really, my dear Pagett, I think I am. I might have known it by her feet." "Then that's that. And now, Sir Eustace, I want to speak to you about my private affairs. I cannot doubt, from your hints and your continual allusions to the time I was in Florence, that you have found me out." At last the mystery of what Pagett did in Florence is going to be revealed! "Make a clean breast of it, my dear fellow," I said kindly. "Much the best way." "Thank you, Sir Eustace." "Is it her husband? Annoying fellows, husbands. Always turning up when they're least expected." "I fail to follow you, Sir Eustace. Whose husband?" "The lady's husband." "What lady?" "God bless my soul, Pagett, the lady you met in Florence. There must have been a lady. Don't tell me that you merely robbed a church or stabbed an Italian in the back because you didn't like his face." "I am quite at a loss to understand you, Sir Eustace. I suppose you are joking." "I am an amusing fellow sometimes, when I take the trouble, but I can assure you that I am not trying to be funny this minute." "I hoped that as I was a good way off you had not recognized me, Sir Eustace." "Recognized you where?" "At Marlow, Sir Eustace?" "At Marlow? What the devil were you doing at Marlow?" "I thought you understood that— "I'm beginning to understand less and less. Go back to the beginning of the story and start again. You went to Florence— "Then you don't know after all—and you didn't recognize me!" "As far as I can judge, you seem to have given yourself away needlessly—made a coward of by your conscience. But I shall be able to tell better when I've heard the whole story. Now, then, take a deep breath and start again. You went to Florence— "But I didn't go to Florence. That is just it." "Well, where did you go, then?" "I went home—to Marlow." "What the devil did you want to go to Marlow for?" "I wanted to see my wife. She was in delicate health and expecting— "Your wife? But I didn't know you were married?" "No, Sir Eustace, that is just what I am telling you. I deceived you in this matter." "How long have you been married?" "Just over eight years. I had been married just six months when I became your secretary. I did not want to lose the post. A resident secretary is not supposed to have a wife, so I suppressed the fact." "You take my breath away," I remarked. "Where has she been all these years?" "We have had a small bungalow on the river at Marlow, quite close to the Mill House, for over five years." "God bless my soul," I muttered. "Any children?" "Four children, Sir Eustace." I gazed at him in a kind of stupor. I might have known, all along, that a man like Pagett couldn't have a guilty secret. The respectability of Pagett has always been my bane. That's just the kind of secret he would have—a wife and four children. "Have you told this to any one else?" I demanded at last, when I had gazed at him in fascinated interest for quite a long while. "Only Miss Beddingfeld. She came to the station at Kimberley." I continued to stare at him. He fidgeted under my glance. "I hope, Sir Eustace, that you are not seriously annoyed?" "My dear fellow," I said, "I don't mind telling you here and now that you've blinking well torn it!" I went out seriously ruffled. As I passed the corner curio-shop, I was assailed by a sudden irresistible temptation and went in. The proprietor came forward obsequiously, rubbing his hands. "Can I show you something? Furs, curios?" "I want something quite out of the ordinary," I said. "It's for a special occasion. Will you show me what you've got?" "Perhaps you will come into my back room? We have many specialties there?" That is where I made a mistake. And I thought I was going to be so clever. I followed him through the swinging _portières._ _(Anne's Narrative Resumed)_ I had great trouble with Suzanne. She argued, she pleaded, she even wept before she would let me carry out my plan. But in the end I got my own way. She promised to carry out my instructions to the letter and came down to the station to bid me a tearful farewell. I arrived at my destination the following morning early. I was met by a short black-bearded Dutchman whom I had never seen before. He had a car waiting and we drove off. There was a queer booming in the distance, and I asked him what it was. "Guns," he answered laconically. So there was fighting going on in Jo'burg! I gathered that our objective was a spot somewhere in the suburbs of the city. We turned and twisted and made several detours to get there, and every minute the guns were nearer. It was an exciting time. At last we stopped before a somewhat ramshackle building. The door was opened by a Kafir boy. My guide signed to me to enter. I stood irresolute in the dingy square hall. The man passed me and threw open a door. "The young lady to see Mr. Harry Rayburn," he said, and laughed. Thus announced, I passed in. The room was sparsely furnished and smelt of cheap tobacco smoke. Behind a desk a man sat writing. He looked up and raised his eyebrows. "Dear me," he said, "if it isn't Miss Beddingfeld!" "I must be seeing double," I apologized. "Is it Mr. Chichester, or is it Miss Pettigrew? There is an extraordinary resemblance to both of them." "Both characters are in abeyance for the moment. I have doffed my petticoats—and my cloth likewise. Won't you sit down?" I accepted a seat composedly. "It would seem," I remarked, "that I have come to the wrong address." "From your point of view, I am afraid you have. Really, Miss Beddingfeld, to fall into the trap a second time!" "It was not very bright of me," I admitted meekly. Something about my manner seemed to puzzle him. "You hardly seem upset by the occurrence," he remarked dryly. "Would my going into heroics have any effect upon you?" I asked. "It certainly would not." "My great-aunt Jane always used to say that a true lady was neither shocked nor surprised at anything that might happen," I murmured dreamily. "I endeavour to live up to her precepts." I read Mr. Chichester-Pettigrew's opinion so plainly written on his face that I hastened into speech once more. "You really are positively marvellous at make-up," I said generously. "All the time you were Miss Pettigrew I never recognized you—even when you broke your pencil in the shock of seeing me climb upon the train at Cape Town." He tapped upon the desk with the pencil he was holding in his hand at the minute. "All this is very well in its way, but we must get to business. Perhaps, Miss Beddingfeld, you can guess why we required your presence here?" "You will excuse me," I said, "but I never do business with any one but principals." I had read the phrase or something like it in a money-lender's circular, and I was rather pleased with it. It certainly had a devastating effect upon Mr. Chichester-Pettigrew. He opened his mouth and then shut it again. I beamed upon him. "My great-uncle George's maxim," I added, as an afterthought. "Great-aunt Jane's husband, you know. He made knobs for brass beds." I doubt if Chichester-Pettigrew had ever been ragged before. He didn't like it at all. "I think you would be wise to alter your tone, young lady." I did not reply, but yawned—a delicate little yawn that hinted at intense boredom. "What the devil— he began forcibly. I interrupted him. "I can assure you it's no good shouting at me. We are only wasting time here. I have no intention of talking with underlings. You will save a lot of time and annoyance by taking me straight to Sir Eustace Pedler." "To— He looked dumbfounded. "Yes," I said. "Sir Eustace Pedler." "I—I—excuse me— He bolted from the room like a rabbit. I took advantage of the respite to open my bag and powder my nose thoroughly. Also I settled my hat at a more becoming angle. Then I settled myself to wait with patience for my enemy's return. He reappeared in a subtly chastened mood. "Will you come this way, Miss Beddingfeld?" I followed him up the stairs. He knocked at the door of a room, a brisk "Come in" sounded from inside, and he opened the door and motioned to me to pass inside. Sir Eustace Pedler sprang up to greet me, genial and smiling. "Well, well, Miss Anne." He shook me warmly by the hand. "I'm delighted to see you. Come and sit down. Not tired after your journey? That's good." He sat down facing me, still beaming. It left me rather at a loss. His manner was so completely natural. "Quite right to insist on being brought straight to me," he went on. "Minks is a fool. A clever actor—but a fool. That was Minks you saw downstairs." "Oh, really," I said feebly. "And now," said Sir Eustace cheerfully, "let's get down to facts. How long have you known that I was the ‘Colonel'?" "Ever since Mr. Pagett told me that he had seen you in Marlow when you were supposed to be in Cannes." Sir Eustace nodded ruefully. "Yes, I told the fool he'd blinking well torn it. He didn't understand of course. His whole mind was set on whether _I'd_ recognized _him._ It never occurred to him to wonder what I was doing down there. A piece of sheer bad luck that was. I arranged it all so carefully too, sending him off to Florence, telling the hotel I was going over to Nice for one night or possibly two. Then, by the time the murder was discovered, I was back again in Cannes, with nobody dreaming that I'd ever left the Riviera." He still spoke quite naturally and unaffectedly. I had to pinch myself to understand that this was all real—that the man in front of me was really that deep-dyed criminal, the "Colonel." I followed things out in my mind. "Then it was you who tried to throw me overboard on the _Kilmorden,"_ I said slowly. "It was you that Pagett followed up on deck that night?" He shrugged his shoulders. "I apologize, my dear child, I really do. I always liked you—but you were so confoundedly interfering. I couldn't have all my plans brought to naught by a chit of a girl." "I think your plan at the Falls was really the cleverest," I said, endeavouring to look at the thing in a detached fashion. "I would have been ready to swear anywhere that you were in the hotel when I went out. Seeing is believing in future." "Yes, Minks had one of his greatest successes as Miss Pettigrew, and he can imitate my voice quite creditably." "There is one thing I should like to know." "Yes?" "How did you induce Pagett to engage her?" "Oh, that was quite simple. She met Pagett in the doorway of the Trade Commissioner's office or the Chamber of Mines, or wherever it was he went—told him I had phoned down in a hurry, and that she had been selected by the Government department in question. Pagett swallowed it like a lamb." "You're very frank," I said, studying him. "There's no earthly reason why I shouldn't be." I didn't quite like the sound of that. I hastened to put my own interpretation on it. "You believe in the success of this Revolution? You've burnt your boats." "For an otherwise intelligent young woman, that's a singularly unintelligent remark. No, my dear child, I do not believe in this Revolution. I give it a couple of days longer and it will fizzle out ignominiously." "Not one of your successes, in fact?" I said nastily. "Like all women, you've no idea of business. The job I took on was to supply certain explosives and arms—heavily paid for—to foment feeling generally, and to incriminate certain people up to the hilt. I've carried out my contract with complete success, and I was careful to be paid in advance. I took special care over the whole thing, as I intended it to be my last contract before retiring from business. As for burning my boats, as you call it, I simply don't know what I'm not the rebel chief, or anything of that kind—I'm a distinguished English visitor, who had the misfortune to go nosing into a certain curio-shop—and saw a little more than he was meant to, and so the poor fellow was kidnapped. To-morrow, or the day after, when circumstances permit, I shall be found tied up somewhere in a pitiable state of terror and starvation." "Ah!" I said slowly. "But what about me?" "That's just it," said Sir Eustace softly. "What about you? I've got you here—I don't want to rub it in in any way—but I've got you here very neatly. The question is, what am I going to do with you? The simplest way of disposing of you—and, I may add, the pleasantest to myself—is the way of marriage. Wives can't accuse their husbands, you know, and I'd rather like a pretty young wife to hold my hand and glance at me out of liquid eyes—don't flash them at me so! You quite frighten me. I see that the plan does not commend itself to you?" "It does not." Sir Eustace sighed. "A pity! But I am no Adelphi villain. The usual trouble, I suppose. You love another, as the books say." "I love another." "I thought as much—first I thought it was that long-legged, pompous ass, Race, but I suppose it's the young hero who fished you out of the Falls that night. Women have no taste. Neither of those two have half the brains that I have. I'm such an easy person to underestimate." I think he was right about that. Although I knew well enough the kind of man he was and must be, I could not bring myself to realize it. He had tried to kill me on more than one occasion, he had actually killed another woman, and he was responsible for endless other deeds of which I knew nothing, and yet I was quite unable to bring myself into the frame of mind for appreciating his deeds as they deserved. I could not think of him as other than our amusing, genial travelling companion. I could not even feel frightened of him—and yet I knew he was capable of having me murdered in cold blood if it struck him as necessary. The only parallel I can think of is the case of Stevenson's Long John Silver. He must have been much the same kind of man. "Well, well," said this extraordinary person, leaning back in his chair. "It's a pity that the idea of being Lady Pedler doesn't appeal to you. The other alternatives are rather crude." I felt a nasty feeling going up and down my spine. Of course I had known all along that I was taking a big risk, but the prize had seemed worth it. Would things turn out as I had calculated, or would they not? "The fact of the matter is," Sir Eustace was continuing, "I've a weakness for you. I really don't want to proceed to extremes. Suppose you tell me the whole story, from the very beginning, and let's see what we can make of it. But no romancing, mind—I want the truth." I was not going to make any mistake over that. I had a great deal of respect for Sir Eustace's shrewdness. It was a moment for the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. I told him the whole story, omitting nothing, up to the moment of my rescue by Harry. When I had finished, he nodded his head in approval. "Wise girl. You've made a clean breast of the thing. And let me tell you I should soon have caught you out if you hadn't. A lot of people wouldn't believe your story, anyway, especially the beginning part, but I do. You're the kind of girl who would start off like that—at a moment's notice, on the slenderest of motives. You've had amazing luck, of course, but sooner or later the amateur runs up against the professional and then the result is a foregone conclusion. I am the professional. I started on this business when I was quite a youngster. All things considered, it seemed to me a good way of getting rich quickly. I always could think things out, and devise ingenious schemes—and I never made the mistake of trying to carry out my schemes myself. Always employ the expert—that has been my motto. The one time I departed from it I came to grief—but I couldn't trust any one to do that job for me. Nadina knew too much. I'm an easy-going man, kind-hearted and good tempered so long as I'm not thwarted. Nadina both thwarted me and threatened me—just as I was at the apex of a successful career. Once she was dead and the diamonds were in my possession, I was safe. I've come to the conclusion now that I bungled the job. That idiot Pagett, with his wife and family! My fault—it tickled my sense of humour to employ the fellow, with his Cinquecento poisoner's face and his mid-Victorian soul. A maxim for you, my dear Anne. Don't let your sense of humour carry you away. For years I've had an instinct that it would be wise to get rid of Pagett, but the fellow was so hard-working and conscientious that I honestly couldn't find an excuse for sacking him. So I left things drift. "But we're wandering from the point. The question is what to do with you. Your narrative was admirably clear, but there is one thing that still escapes me. Where are the diamonds now?" "Harry Rayburn has them," I said, watching him. His face did not change, it retained its expression of sardonic good-humour. "H'm. I want those diamonds." "I don't see much chance of your getting them," I replied. "Don't you? Now I do. I don't want to be unpleasant, but I should like you to reflect that a dead girl or so found in this quarter of the city will occasion no surprise. There's a man downstairs who does those sort of jobs very neatly. Now, you're a sensible young woman. What I propose is this: you will sit down and write to Harry Rayburn, telling him to join you here and bring the diamonds with him— "I won't do anything of the kind." "Don't interrupt your elders. I propose to make a bargain with you. The diamonds in exchange for your life. And don't make any mistake about it, your life is absolutely in my power." "And Harry?" "I'm far too tender-hearted to part two young lovers. He shall go free too—on the understanding, of course, that neither of you will interfere with me in future." "And what guarantee have I that you will keep your side of the bargain?" "None whatever, my dear girl. You'll have to trust me and hope for the best. Of course, if you're in an heroic mood and prefer annihilation, that's another matter." This was what I had been playing for. I was careful not to jump at the bait. Gradually I allowed myself to be bullied and cajoled into yielding. I wrote at Sir Eustace's dictation: Dear Harry, I think I see a chance of establishing your innocence beyond any possible doubt. Please follow my instructions minutely. Go to Agrasato's curio-shop. Ask to see something "out of the ordinary," "for a special occasion." The man will then ask you to "come into the back room." Go with him. You will find a messenger who will bring you to me. Do exactly as he tells you. Be sure and bring the diamonds with you. Not a word to any one. Sir Eustace stopped. "I leave the fancy touches to your own imagination," he remarked. "But be careful to make no mistakes." "‘Yours for ever and ever, Anne,' will be sufficient," I remarked. I wrote in the words. Sir Eustace stretched out his hand for the letter and read it through. "That seems all right. Now the address." I gave it him. It was that of a small shop which received letters and telegrams for a consideration. He struck the bell upon the table with his hand. Chichester-Pettigrew, _alias_ Minks, answered the summons. "This letter is to go immediately—the usual route." "Very well, Colonel." He looked at the name on the envelope. Sir Eustace was watching him keenly. "A friend of yours, I think?" "Of mine?" The man seemed startled. "You had a prolonged conversation with him in Johannesburg yesterday." "A man came up and questioned me about your movements and those of Colonel Race. I gave him misleading information." "Excellent, my dear fellow, excellent," said Sir Eustace genially. "My mistake." I chanced to look at Chichester-Pettigrew as he left the room. He was white to the lips, as though in deadly terror. No sooner was he outside than Sir Eustace picked up a speaking-tube that rested by his elbow and spoke down it. "That you, Schwart? Watch Minks. He's not to leave the house without orders." He put the speaking-tube down again and frowned, slightly tapping the table with his hand. "May I ask you a few questions, Sir Eustace," I said, after a minute or two of silence. "Certainly. What excellent nerves you have, Anne. You are capable of taking an intelligent interest in things when most girls would be sniffling and wringing their hands." "Why did you take Harry as your secretary instead of giving him up to the police?" "I wanted those cursed diamonds. Nadina, the little devil, was playing off your Harry against me. Unless I gave her the price she wanted, she threatened to sell them back to him. That was another mistake I made—I thought she'd have them with her that day. But she was too clever for that. Carton, her husband, was dead too—I'd no clue whatsoever as to where the diamonds were hidden. Then I managed to get a copy of a wireless message sent to Nadina by some one on board the _Kilmorden_—either Carton or Rayburn, I didn't know which. It was a duplicate of that piece of paper you picked up. ‘Seventeen one twenty two,' it ran. I took it to be an appointment with Rayburn, and when he was so desperate to get aboard the _Kilmorden_ I was convinced that I was right. So I pretended to swallow his statements, and let him come. I kept a pretty sharp watch upon him and hoped that I should learn more. Then I found Minks trying to play a lone hand and interfering with me. I soon stopped that. He came to heel all right. It was annoying not getting Cabin 17, and it worried me not being able to place you. Were you the innocent young girl you seemed, or were you not? When Rayburn set out to keep the appointment that night, Minks was told off to intercept him. Minks muffed it of course." "But why did the wireless message say ‘seventeen' instead of ‘seventy-one'?" "I've thought that out. Carton must have given that wireless operator his own memorandum to copy off on to a form, and he never read the copy through. The operator made the same mistake we all did, and read it as 17.1.22 instead of 1.71.22. The thing I don't know is how Minks got on to Cabin 17. It must have been sheer instinct." "And the dispatch to General Smuts? Who tampered with that?" "My dear Anne, you don't suppose I was going to have a lot of my plans given away, without making an effort to save them? With an escaped murderer as a secretary, I had no hesitation whatever in substituting blanks. Nobody would think of suspecting poor old Pedler." "What about Colonel Race?" "Yes, that was a nasty jar. When Pagett told me he was a Secret Service fellow, I had an unpleasant feeling down the spine. I remembered that he'd been nosing around Nadina in Paris during the War—and I had a horrible suspicion that he was out after _me!_ I don't like the way he's stuck to me ever since. He's one of those strong, silent men who have always got something up their sleeve." A whistle sounded. Sir Eustace picked up the tube, listened for a minute or two, then answered: "Very well, I'll see him now." "Business," he remarked. "Miss Anne, let me show you your room." He ushered me into a small shabby apartment, a Kafir boy brought up my small suit-case, and Sir Eustace, urging me to ask for anything I wanted, withdrew, the picture of a courteous host. A can of hot water was on the washstand, and I proceeded to unpack a few necessaries. Something hard and unfamiliar in my sponge-bag puzzled me greatly. I untied the string and looked inside. To my utter amazement I drew out a small pearl-handled revolver. It hadn't been there when I started from Kimberley. I examined the thing gingerly. It appeared to be loaded. I handled it with a comfortable feeling. It was a useful thing to have in a house such as this. But modern clothes are quite unsuited to the carrying of fire-arms. In the end I pushed it gingerly into the top of my stocking. It made a terrible bulge, and I expected every minute that it would go off and shoot me in the leg, but it really seemed the only place. I was not summoned to Sir Eustace's presence until late in the afternoon. Eleven-o'clock tea and a substantial lunch had been served to me in my own apartment, and I felt fortified for further conflict. Sir Eustace was alone. He was walking up and down the room, and there was a gleam in his eye and a restlessness in his manner which did not escape me. He was exultant about something. There was a subtle change in his manner towards me. "I have news for you. Your young man is on his way. He will be here in a few minutes. Moderate your transports—I have something more to say. You attempted to deceive me this morning. I warned you that you would be wise to stick to the truth, and up to a certain point you obeyed me. Then you ran off the rails. You attempted to make me believe that the diamonds were in Harry Rayburn's possession. At the time, I accepted your statement because it facilitated my task—the task of inducing you to decoy Harry Rayburn here. But, my dear Anne, the diamonds have been in my possession ever since I left the Falls—though I only discovered the fact yesterday." "You know!" I gasped. "It may interest you to hear that it was Pagett who gave the show away. He insisted on boring me with a long pointless story about a wager and a tin of films. It didn't take me long to put two and two together—Mrs. Blair's distrust of Colonel Race, her agitation, her entreaty that I would take care of her souvenirs for her. The excellent Pagett had already unfastened the cases through an excess of zeal. Before leaving the hotel, I simply transferred all the rolls of films to my own pocket. They are in the corner there. I admit that I haven't had time to examine them yet, but I notice that one is of a totally different weight to the others, rattles in a peculiar fashion, and has evidently been stuck down with seccotine, which will necessitate the use of a tin-opener. The case seems clear, does it not? And now, you see, I have you both nicely in the trap. . . . It's a pity that you didn't take kindly to the idea of becoming Lady Pedler." I did not answer. I stood looking at him. There was the sound of feet on the stairs, the door was flung open, and Harry Rayburn was hustled into the room between two men. Sir Eustace flung me a look of triumph. "According to plan," he said softly. "You amateurs _will_ pit yourselves against professionals." "What's the meaning of this?" cried Harry hoarsely. "It means that you have walked into my parlour—said the spider to the fly," remarked Sir Eustace facetiously. "My dear Rayburn, you are extraordinarily unlucky." "You said I could come safely, Anne?" "Do not reproach her, my dear fellow. That note was written at my dictation, and the lady could not help herself. She would have been wiser not to write it, but I did not tell her so at the time. You followed her instructions, went to the curio-shop, were taken through the secret passage from the back room—and found yourself in the hands of your enemies!" Harry looked at me. I understood his glance and edged nearer to Sir Eustace. "Yes," murmured the latter, "decidedly you are not lucky! This is—let me see, the third encounter." "You are right," said Harry. "This is the third encounter. Twice you have worsted me—have you never heard that the third time the luck changes? This is my round—cover him, Anne." I was all ready. In a flash I had whipped the pistol out of my stocking and was holding it to his head. The two men guarding Harry sprang forward, but his voice stopped them. "Another step—and he dies! If they come any nearer, Anne, pull the trigger—don't hesitate." "I shan't," I replied cheerfully. "I'm rather afraid of pulling it, anyway." I think Sir Eustace shared my fears. He was certainly shaking like a jelly. "Stay where you are," he commanded, and the men stopped obediently. "Tell them to leave the room," said Harry. Sir Eustace gave the order. The men filed out, and Harry shot the bolt across the door behind them. "Now we can talk," he observed grimly, and coming across the room, he took the revolver out of my hand. Sir Eustace uttered a sigh of relief and wiped his forehead with a handkerchief. "I'm shockingly out of condition," he observed. "I think I must have a weak heart. I am glad that revolver is in competent hands. I didn't trust Miss Anne with it. Well, my young friend, as you say, now we can talk. I'm willing to admit that you stole a march upon me. Where the devil that revolver came from I don't know. I had the girl's luggage searched when she arrived. And where did you produce it from now? You hadn't got it on you a minute ago?" "Yes, I had," I replied. "It was in my stocking." "I don't know enough about women. I ought to have studied them more," said Sir Eustace sadly. "I wonder if Pagett would have known that?" Harry rapped sharply on the table. "Don't play the fool. If it weren't for your grey hairs, I'd throw you out of the window. You damned scoundrel! Grey hairs, or no grey hairs, I— He advanced a step or two, and Sir Eustace skipped nimbly behind the table. "The young are always so violent," he said reproachfully. "Unable to use their brains, they rely solely on their muscles. Let us talk sense. For the moment you have the upper hand. But that state of affairs cannot continue. The house is full of my men. You are hopelessly outnumbered. Your momentary ascendency has been gained by an accident— "Has it?" Something in Harry's voice, a grim raillery, seemed to attract Sir Eustace's attention. He stared at him. "Has it?" said Harry again. "Sit down, Sir Eustace, and listen to what I have to say." Still covering him with the revolver, he went on: "The cards are against you this time. To begin with, listen to _that! "_ _That_ was a dull banging at the door below. There were shouts, oaths, and then a sound of firing. Sir Eustace paled. "What's that?" "Race—and his people. You didn't know, did you, Sir Eustace, that Anne had an arrangement with me by which we should know whether communications from one to the other were genuine? Telegrams were to be signed ‘Andy,' letters were to have the word ‘and' crossed out somewhere in them. Anne knew that your telegram was a fake. She came here of her own free will, walked deliberately into the snare, in the hope that she might catch you in your own trap. Before leaving Kimberley she wired both to me and to Race. Mrs. Blair has been in communication with us ever since. I received the letter written at your dictation, which was just what I expected. I had already discussed the probabilities of a secret passage leading out of the curio-shop with Race, and he had discovered the place where the exit was situated." There was a screaming, tearing sound, and a heavy explosion which shook the room. "They're shelling this part of the town. I must get you out of here, Anne." A bright light flared up. The house opposite was on fire. Sir Eustace had I should just like to say that I bear you no malice whatever. It is hard, of course, to have to begin all over again at my time of life, but, _entre nous,_ I had a little reserve fund carefully put aside for such a contingency. It has come in very usefully and I am getting together a nice little connection. By the way, if you ever come across that funny friend of yours, Arthur Minks, just tell him that I haven't forgotten him, will you? That will give him a nasty jar. On the whole I think I have displayed a most Christian and forgiving spirit. Even to Pagett. I happened to hear that he—or rather Mrs. Pagett—had brought a sixth child into the world the other day. England will be entirely populated by Pagetts soon. I sent the child a silver mug, and, on a post card, declared my willingness to act as god-father. I can see Pagett taking both mug and post card straight to Scotland Yard without a smile on his face! Bless you, liquid eyes. Some day you will see what a mistake you have made in not marrying me. Yours ever, Eustace Pedler. Harry was furious. It is the one point on which he and I do not see eye to eye. To him, Sir Eustace was the man who tried to murder me and whom he regards as responsible for the death of his friend. Sir Eustace's attempts on my life have always puzzled me. They are not in the picture, so to speak. For I am sure that he always had a genuinely kindly feeling towards me. Then why did he twice attempt to take my life? Harry says "because he's a damned scoundrel," and seems to think that settles the matter. Suzanne was more discriminating. I talked it over with her, and she put it down to a "fear complex." Suzanne goes in rather for psycho-analysis. She pointed out to me that Sir Eustace's whole life was actuated by a desire to be safe and comfortable. He had an acute sense of self-preservation. And the murder of Nadina removed certain inhibitions. His actions did not represent the state of his feeling towards me, but were the result of his acute fears for his own safety. I think Suzanne is right. As for Nadina, she was the kind of woman who deserved to die. Men do all sorts of questionable things in order to get rich, but women shouldn't pretend to be in love when they aren't for ulterior motives. I can forgive Sir Eustace easily enough, but I shall never forgive Nadina. Never, never, never! The other day I was unpacking some tins that were wrapped in bits of an old _Daily Budget,_ and I suddenly came upon the words, "The Man in the Brown Suit." How long ago it seemed! I had, of course, severed my connection with the _Daily Budget_ long ago—I had done with it sooner than it had done with me. _My Romantic Wedding_ was given a halo of publicity. My son is lying in the sun, kicking his legs. There's a "man in a brown suit" if you like. He's wearing as little as possible, which is the best costume for Africa, and is as brown as a berry. He's always burrowing in the earth. I think he takes after Papa. He'll have that same mania for Pleiocene clay. Suzanne sent me a cable when he was born: "Congratulations and love to the latest arrival on Lunatics' Island. Is his head dolichocephalic or brachycephalic?" I wasn't going to stand that from Suzanne. I sent her a reply of one word, economical and to the point: "Platycephalic!" The intense interest aroused in the public by what was known at the time as "The Styles Case" has now somewhat subsided. Nevertheless, in view of the world-wide notoriety which attended it, I have been asked, both by my friend Poirot and the family themselves, to write an account of the whole story. This, we trust, will effectually silence the sensational rumours which still persist. I will therefore briefly set down the circumstances which led to my being connected with the affair. I had been invalided home from the Front; and, after spending some months in a rather depressing Convalescent Home, was given a month's sick leave. Having no near relations or friends, I was trying to make up my mind what to do, when I ran across John Cavendish. I had seen very little of him for some years. Indeed, I had never known him particularly well. He was a good fifteen years my senior, for one thing, though he hardly looked his forty-five years. As a boy, though, I had often stayed at Styles, his mother's place in Essex. We had a good yarn about old times, and it ended in his inviting me down to Styles to spend my leave there. "The mater will be delighted to see you again—after all those years," he added. "Your mother keeps well?" I asked. "Oh, yes. I suppose you know that she has married again?" I am afraid I showed my surprise rather plainly. Mrs. Cavendish, who had married John's father when he was a widower with two sons, had been a handsome woman of middle-age as I remembered her. She certainly could not be a day less than seventy now. I recalled her as an energetic, autocratic personality, somewhat inclined to charitable and social notoriety, with a fondness for opening bazaars and playing the Lady Bountiful. She was a most generous woman, and possessed a considerable fortune of her own. Their country-place, Styles Court, had been purchased by Mr. Cavendish early in their married life. He had been completely under his wife's ascendancy, so much so that, on dying, he left the place to her for her lifetime, as well as the larger part of his income; an arrangement that was distinctly unfair to his two sons. Their step-mother, however, had always been most generous to them; indeed, they were so young at the time of their father's remarriage that they always thought of her as their own mother. Lawrence, the younger, had been a delicate youth. He had qualified as a doctor but early relinquished the profession of medicine, and lived at home while pursuing literary ambitions; though his verses never had any marked success. John practised for some time as a barrister, but had finally settled down to the more congenial life of a country squire. He had married two years ago, and had taken his wife to live at Styles, though I entertained a shrewd suspicion that he would have preferred his mother to increase his allowance, which would have enabled him to have a home of his own. Mrs. Cavendish, however, was a lady who liked to make her own plans, and expected other people to fall in with them, and in this case she certainly had the whip hand, namely: the purse strings. John noticed my surprise at the news of his mother's remarriage and smiled rather ruefully. "Rotten little bounder too!" he said savagely. "I can tell you, Hastings, it's making life jolly difficult for us. As for Evie—you remember Evie?" "No." "Oh, I suppose she was after your time. She's the mater's factotum, companion, Jack of all trades! A great sport—old Evie! Not precisely young and beautiful, but as game as they make them." "You were going to say——?" "Oh, this fellow! He turned up from nowhere, on the pretext of being a second cousin or something of Evie's, though she didn't seem particularly keen to acknowledge the relationship. The fellow is an absolute outsider, anyone can see that. He's got a great black beard, and wears patent leather boots in all weathers! But the mater cottoned to him at once, took him on as secretary—you know how she's always running a hundred societies?" I nodded. "Well, of course the war has turned the hundreds into thousands. No doubt the fellow was very useful to her. But you could have knocked us all down with a feather when, three months ago, she suddenly announced that she and Alfred were engaged! The fellow must be at least twenty years younger than she is! It's simply bare-faced fortune hunting; but there you are—she is her own mistress, and she's married him." "It must be a difficult situation for you all." "Difficult! It's damnable!" Thus it came about that, three days later, I descended from the train at Styles St. Mary, an absurd little station, with no apparent reason for existence, perched up in the midst of green fields and country lanes. John Cavendish was waiting on the platform, and piloted me out to the car. "Got a drop or two of petrol still, you see," he remarked. "Mainly owing to the mater's activities." The village of Styles St. Mary was situated about two miles from the little station, and Styles Court lay a mile the other side of it. It was a still, warm day in early July. As one looked out over the flat Essex country, lying so green and peaceful under the afternoon sun, it seemed almost impossible to believe that, not so very far away, a great war was running its appointed course. I felt I had suddenly strayed into another world. As we turned in at the lodge gates, John said: "I'm afraid you'll find it very quiet down here, Hastings." "My dear fellow, that's just what I want." "Oh, it's pleasant enough if you want to lead the idle life. I drill with the volunteers twice a week, and lend a hand at the farms. My wife works regularly ‘on the land'. She is up at five every morning to milk, and keeps at it steadily until lunchtime. It's a jolly good life taking it all round—if it weren't for that fellow Alfred Inglethorp!" He checked the car suddenly, and glanced at his watch. "I wonder if we've time to pick up Cynthia. No, she'll have started from the hospital by now." "Cynthia! That's not your wife?" "No, Cynthia is a protégée of my mother's, the daughter of an old schoolfellow of hers, who married a rascally solicitor. He came a cropper, and the girl was left an orphan and penniless. My mother came to the rescue, and Cynthia has been with us nearly two years now. She works in the Red Cross Hospital at Tadminster, seven miles away." As he spoke the last words, we drew up in front of the fine old house. A lady in a stout tweed skirt, who was bending over a flower bed, straightened herself at our approach. "Hullo, Evie, here's our wounded hero! Mr. Hastings—Miss Howard." Miss Howard shook hands with a hearty, almost painful, grip. I had an impression of very blue eyes in a sunburnt face. She was a pleasant-looking woman of about forty, with a deep voice, almost manly in its stentorian tones, and had a large sensible square body, with feet to match—these last encased in good thick boots. Her conversation, I soon found, was couched in the telegraphic style. "Weeds grow like house afire. Can't keep even with 'em. Shall press you in. Better be careful." "I'm sure I shall be only too delighted to make myself useful," I responded. "Don't say it. Never does. Wish you hadn't later." "You're a cynic, Evie," said John, laughing. "Where's tea to-day—inside or out?" "Out. Too fine a day to be cooped up in the house." "Come on then, you've done enough gardening for to-day. ‘The labourer is worthy of his hire', you know. Come and be refreshed." "Well," said Miss Howard, drawing off her gardening gloves, "I'm inclined to agree with you." She led the way round the house to where tea was spread under the shade of a large sycamore. A figure rose from one of the basket chairs, and came a few steps to meet us. "My wife, Hastings," said John. I shall never forget my first sight of Mary Cavendish. Her tall, slender form, outlined against the bright light; the vivid sense of slumbering fire that seemed to find expression only in those wonderful tawny eyes of hers, remarkable eyes, different from any other woman's that I have ever known; the intense power of stillness she possessed, which nevertheless conveyed the impression of a wild untamed spirit in an exquisitely civilised body—all these things are burnt into my memory. I shall never forget them. She greeted me with a few words of pleasant welcome in a low clear voice, and I sank into a basket chair feeling distinctly glad that I had accepted John's invitation. Mrs. Cavendish gave me some tea, and her few quiet remarks heightened my first impression of her as a thoroughly fascinating woman. An appreciative listener is always stimulating, and I described, in a humorous manner, certain incidents of my Convalescent Home, in a way which, I flatter myself, greatly amused my hostess. John, of course, good fellow though he is, could hardly be called a brilliant conversationalist. At that moment a well remembered voice floated through the open French window near at hand: "Then you'll write to the Princess after tea, Alfred? I'll write to Lady Tadminster for the second day, myself. Or shall we wait until we hear from the Princess? In case of a refusal, Lady Tadminster might open it the first day, and Mrs. Crosbie the second. Then there's the Duchess—about the school fête." There was the murmur of a man's voice, and then Mrs. Inglethorp's rose in reply: "Yes, certainly. After tea will do quite well. You are so thoughtful, Alfred dear." The French window swung open a little wider, and a handsome white-haired old lady, with a somewhat masterful cast of features, stepped out of it on to the lawn. A man followed her, a suggestion of deference in his manner. Mrs. Inglethorp greeted me with effusion. "Why, if it isn't too delightful to see you again, Mr. Hastings, after all these years. Alfred, darling, Mr. Hastings—my husband." I looked with some curiosity at "Alfred darling". He certainly struck a rather alien note. I did not wonder at John objecting to his beard. It was one of the longest and blackest I have ever seen. He wore gold-rimmed pince-nez, and had a curious impassivity of feature. It struck me that he might look natural on a stage, but was strangely out of place in real life. His voice was rather deep and unctuous. He placed a wooden hand in mine and said: "This is a pleasure, Mr. Hastings." Then, turning to his wife: "Emily dearest, I think that cushion is a little damp." She beamed fondly on him, as he substituted another with every demonstration of the tenderest care. Strange infatuation of an otherwise sensible woman! With the presence of Mr. Inglethorp, a sense of constraint and veiled hostility seemed to settle down upon the company. Miss Howard, in particular, took no pains to conceal her feelings. Mrs. Inglethorp, however, seemed to notice nothing unusual. Her volubility, which I remembered of old, had lost nothing in the intervening years, and she poured out a steady flood of conversation, mainly on the subject of the forthcoming bazaar which she was organizing and which was to take place shortly. Occasionally she referred to her husband over a question of days or dates. His watchful and attentive manner never varied. From the very first I took a firm and rooted dislike to him, and I flatter myself that my first judgments are usually fairly shrewd. Presently Mrs. Inglethorp turned to give some instructions about letters to Evelyn Howard, and her husband addressed me in his painstaking voice: "Is soldiering your regular profession, Mr. Hastings?" "No, before the war I was in Lloyd's." "And you will return there after it is over?" "Perhaps. Either that or a fresh start altogether." Mary Cavendish leant forward. "What would you really choose as a profession, if you could just consult your inclination?" "Well, that depends." "No secret hobby?" she asked. "Tell me—you're drawn to something? Everyone is—usually something absurd." "You'll laugh at me." She smiled. "Perhaps." "Well, I've always had a secret hankering to be a detective!" "The real thing—Scotland Yard? Or Sherlock Holmes?" "Oh, Sherlock Holmes by all means. But really, seriously, I am awfully drawn to it. I came across a man in Belgium once, a very famous detective, and he quite inflamed me. He was a marvellous little fellow. He used to say that all good detective work was a mere matter of method. My system is based on his—though of course I have progressed rather further. He was a funny little man, a great dandy, but wonderfully clever." "Like a good detective story myself," remarked Miss Howard. "Lots of nonsense written, though. Criminal discovered in last chapter. Everyone dumbfounded. Real crime—you'd know at once." "There have been a great number of undiscovered crimes," I argued. "Don't mean the police, but the people that are right in it. The family. You couldn't really hoodwink them. They'd know." "Then," I said, much amused, "you think that if you were mixed up in a crime, say a murder, you'd be able to spot the murderer right off?" "Of course I should. Mightn't be able to prove it to a pack of lawyers. But I'm certain I'd know. I'd feel it in my fingertips if he came near me." "It might be a ‘she'," I suggested. "Might. But murder's a violent crime. Associate it more with a man." "Not in a case of poisoning." Mrs. Cavendish's clear voice startled me. "Dr. Bauerstein was saying yesterday that, owing to the general ignorance of the more uncommon poisons among the medical profession, there were probably countless cases of poisoning quite unsuspected." "Why, Mary, what a gruesome conversation!" cried Mrs. Inglethorp. "It makes me feel as if a goose were walking over my grave. Oh, there's Cynthia!" A young girl in V.A.D. uniform ran lightly across the lawn. "Why, Cynthia, you are late to-day. This is Mr. Hastings—Miss Murdoch." Cynthia Murdoch was a fresh-looking young creature, full of life and vigour. She tossed off her little V.A.D. cap, and I admired the great loose waves of her auburn hair, and the smallness and whiteness of the hand she held out to claim her tea. With dark eyes and eyelashes she would have been a beauty. She flung herself down on the ground beside John, and as I handed her a plate of sandwiches she smiled up at me. "Sit down here on the grass, do. It's ever so much nicer." I dropped down obediently. "You work at Tadminster, don't you, Miss Murdoch?" She nodded. "For my sins." "Do they bully you, then?" I asked, smiling. "I should like to see them!" cried Cynthia with dignity. "I have got a cousin who is nursing," I remarked. "And she is terrified of ‘Sisters'." "I don't wonder. Sisters _are_, you know, Mr. Hastings. They simp-ly _are_! You've no idea! But I'm not a nurse, thank heaven, I work in the dispensary." "How many people do you poison?" I asked, smiling. Cynthia smiled too. "Oh, hundreds!" she said. "Cynthia," called Mrs. Inglethorp, "do you think you could write a few notes for me?" "Certainly, Aunt Emily." She jumped up promptly, and something in her manner reminded me that her position was a dependent one, and that Mrs. Inglethorp, kind as she might be in the main, did not allow her to forget it. My hostess turned to me. "John will show you your room. Supper is at half-past seven. We have given up late dinner for some time now. Lady Tadminster, our Member's wife—she was the late Lord Abbotsbury's daughter—does the same. She agrees with me that one must set an example of economy. We are quite a war household; nothing is wasted here—every scrap of waste paper, even, is saved and sent away in sacks." I expressed my appreciation, and John took me into the house and up the broad staircase, which forked right and left half-way to different wings of the building. My room was in the left wing, and looked out over the park. John left me, and a few minutes later I saw him from my window walking slowly across the grass arm in arm with Cynthia Murdoch. I heard Mrs. Inglethorp call "Cynthia" impatiently, and the girl started and ran back to the house. At the same moment, a man stepped out from the shadow of a tree and walked slowly in the same direction. He looked about forty, very dark with a melancholy clean-shaven face. Some violent emotion seemed to be mastering him. He looked up at my window as he passed, and I recognized him, though he had changed much in the fifteen years that had elapsed since we last met. It was John's younger brother, Lawrence Cavendish. I wondered what it was Then I dismissed him from my mind, and returned to the contemplation of my own affairs. The evening passed pleasantly enough; and I dreamed that night of that enigmatical woman, Mary Cavendish. The next morning dawned bright and sunny, and I was full of the anticipation of a delightful visit. I did not see Mrs. Cavendish until lunch-time, when she volunteered to take me for a walk, and we spent a charming afternoon roaming in the woods, returning to the house about five. As we entered the large hall, John beckoned us both into the smoking-room. I saw at once by his face that something disturbing had occurred. We followed him in, and he shut the door after us. "Look here, Mary, there's the deuce of a mess. Evie's had a row with Alfred Inglethorp, and she's off." "Evie? Off?" John nodded gloomily. "Yes; you see she went to the mater, and—Oh,—here's Evie herself." Miss Howard entered. Her lips were set grimly together, and she carried a small suit-case. She looked excited and determined, and slightly on the defensive. "At any rate," she burst out, "I've spoken my mind!" "My dear Evelyn," cried Mrs. Cavendish, "this can't be true!" Miss Howard nodded grimly. "True enough! Afraid I said some things to Emily she won't forget or forgive in a hurry. Don't mind if they've only sunk in a bit. Probably water off a duck's back, though. I said right out: ‘You're an old woman, Emily, and there's no fool like an old fool. The man's twenty years younger than you, and don't you fool yourself as to what he married you for. Money! Well, don't let him have too much of it. Farmer Raikes has got a very pretty young wife. Just ask your Alfred how much time he spends over there.' She was very angry. Natural! I went on, ‘I'm going to warn you, whether you like it or not. That man would as soon murder you in your bed as look at you. He's a bad lot. You can say what you like to me, but remember what I've told you. He's a bad lot!'" "What did she say?" Miss Howard made an extremely expressive grimace. "‘Darling Alfred'—‘dearest Alfred'—‘wicked calumnies' —‘wicked lies'—‘wicked woman'—to accuse her ‘dear husband!' The sooner I left her house the better. So I'm off." "But not now?" "This minute!" For a moment we sat and stared at her. Finally John Cavendish, finding his persuasions of no avail, went off to look up the trains. His wife followed him, murmuring something about persuading Mrs. Inglethorp to think better of it. As she left the room, Miss Howard's face changed. She leant towards me eagerly. "Mr. Hastings, you're honest. I can trust you?" I was a little startled. She laid her hand on my arm, and sank her voice to a whisper. "Look after her, Mr. Hastings. My poor Emily. They're a lot of sharks—all of them. Oh, I know what I'm talking about. There isn't one of them that's not hard up and trying to get money out of her. I've protected her as much as I could. Now I'm out of the way, they'll impose upon her." "Of course, Miss Howard," I said, "I'll do everything I can, but I'm sure you're excited and overwrought." She interrupted me by slowly shaking her forefinger. "Young man, trust me. I've lived in the world rather longer than you have. All I ask you is to keep your eyes open. You'll see what I mean." The throb of the motor came through the open window, and Miss Howard rose and moved to the door. John's voice sounded outside. With her hand on the handle, she turned her head over her shoulder, and beckoned to me. "Above all, Mr. Hastings, watch that devil—her husband!" There was no time for more. Miss Howard was swallowed up in an eager chorus of protests and good-byes. The Inglethorps did not appear. As the motor drove away, Mrs. Cavendish suddenly detached herself from the group, and moved across the drive to the lawn to meet a tall bearded man who had been evidently making for the house. The colour rose in her cheeks as she held out her hand to him. "Who is that?" I asked sharply, for instinctively I distrusted the man. "That's Dr. Bauerstein," said John shortly. "And who is Dr. Bauerstein?" "He's staying in the village doing a rest cure, after a bad nervous breakdown. He's a London specialist; a very clever man—one of the greatest living experts on poisons, I believe." "And he's a great friend of Mary's," put in Cynthia, the irrepressible. John Cavendish frowned and changed the subject. "Come for a stroll, Hastings. This has been a most rotten business. She always had a rough tongue, but there is no stauncher friend in England than Evelyn Howard." He took the path through the plantation, and we walked down to the village through the woods which bordered one side of the estate. As we passed through one of the gates on our way home again, a pretty young woman of gipsy type coming in the opposite direction bowed and smiled. "That's a pretty girl," I remarked appreciatively. John's face hardened. "That is Mrs. Raikes." "The one that Miss Howard— "Exactly," said John, with rather unnecessary abruptness. I thought of the white-haired old lady in the big house, and that vivid wicked little face that had just smiled into ours, and a vague chill of foreboding crept over me. I brushed it aside. "Styles is really a glorious old place," I said to John. He nodded rather gloomily. "Yes, it's a fine property. It'll be mine some day—should be mine now by rights, if my father had only made a decent will. And then I shouldn't be so damned hard up as I am now." "Hard up, are you?" "My dear Hastings, I don't mind telling you that I'm at my wits' end for money." "Couldn't your brother help you?" "Lawrence? He's gone through every penny he ever had, publishing rotten verses in fancy bindings. No, we're an impecunious lot. My mother's always been awfully good to us, I must say. That is, up to now. Since her marriage, of course— he broke off, frowning. For the first time I felt that, with Evelyn Howard, something indefinable had gone from the atmosphere. Her presence had spelt security. Now that security was removed—and the air seemed rife with suspicion. The sinister face of Dr. Bauerstein recurred to me unpleasantly. A vague suspicion of everyone and everything filled my mind. Just for a moment I had a premonition of approaching evil. I had arrived at Styles on the 5th of July. I come now to the events of the 16th and 17th of that month. For the convenience of the reader I will recapitulate the incidents of those days in as exact a manner as possible. They were elicited subsequently at the trial by a process of long and tedious cross-examinations. I received a letter from Evelyn Howard a couple of days after her departure, telling me she was working as a nurse at the big hospital in Middlingham, a manufacturing town some fifteen miles away, and begging me to let her know if Mrs. Inglethorp should show any wish to be reconciled. The only fly in the ointment of my peaceful days was Mrs. Cavendish's extraordinary, and, for my part, unaccountable preference for the society of Dr. Bauerstein. What she saw in the man I cannot imagine, but she was always asking him up to the house, and often went off for long expeditions with him. I must confess that I was quite unable to see his attraction. The 16th of July fell on a Monday. It was a day of turmoil. The famous bazaar had taken place on Saturday, and an entertainment, in connection with the same charity, at which Mrs. Inglethorp was to recite a War poem, was to be held that night. We were all busy during the morning arranging and decorating the Hall in the village where it was to take place. We had a late luncheon and spent the afternoon resting in the garden. I noticed that John's manner was somewhat unusual. He seemed very excited and restless. After tea, Mrs. Inglethorp went to lie down to rest before her efforts in the evening and I challenged Mary Cavendish to a single at tennis. About a quarter to seven, Mrs. Inglethorp called us that we should be late as supper was early that night. We had rather a scramble to get ready in time; and before the meal was over the motor was waiting at the door. The entertainment was a great success, Mrs. Inglethorp's recitation receiving tremendous applause. There were also some tableaux in which Cynthia took part. She did not return with us, having been asked to a supper party, and to remain the night with some friends who had been acting with her in the tableaux. The following morning, Mrs. Inglethorp stayed in bed to breakfast, as she was rather overtired; but she appeared in her briskest mood about 12.30, and swept Lawrence and myself off to a luncheon party. "Such a charming invitation from Mrs. Rolleston. Lady Tadminster's sister, you know. The Rollestons came over with the Conqueror—one of our oldest families." Mary had excused herself on the plea of an engagement with Dr. Bauerstein. We had a pleasant luncheon, and as we drove away Lawrence suggested that we should return by Tadminster, which was barely a mile out of our way, and pay a visit to Cynthia in her dispensary. Mrs. Inglethorp replied that this was an excellent idea, but as she had several letters to write she would drop us there, and we could come back with Cynthia in the pony-trap. We were detained under suspicion by the hospital porter, until Cynthia appeared to vouch for us, looking very cool and sweet in her long white overall. She took us up to her sanctum, and introduced us to her fellow dispenser, a rather awe-inspiring individual, whom Cynthia cheerily addressed as "Nibs." "What a lot of bottles!" I exclaimed, as my eye travelled round the small room. "Do you really know what's in them all?" "Say something original," groaned Cynthia. "Every single person who comes up here says that. We are really thinking of bestowing a prize on the first individual who does _not_ say: ‘What a lot of bottles!' And I know the next thing you're going to say is: ‘How many people have you poisoned I pleaded guilty with a laugh. "If you people only knew how fatally easy it is to poison someone by mistake, you wouldn't joke about it. Come on, let's have tea. We've got all sorts of secret stories in that cupboard. No, Lawrence—that's the poison cupboard. The big cupboard—that's right." We had a very cheery tea, and assisted Cynthia to wash up afterwards. We had just put away the last tea-spoon when a knock came at the door. The countenances of Cynthia and Nibs were suddenly petrified into a stern and forbidding expression. "Come in," said Cynthia, in a sharp professional tone. A young and rather scared looking nurse appeared with a bottle which she proffered to Nibs, who waved her towards Cynthia with the somewhat enigmatical remark: "_I_'m not really here to-day." Cynthia took the bottle and examined it with the severity of a judge. "This should have been sent up this morning." "Sister is very sorry. She forgot." "Sister should read the rules outside the door." I gathered from the little nurse's expression that there was not the least likelihood of her having the hardihood to retail this message to the dreaded "Sister". "So now it can't be done until to-morrow," finished Cynthia. "Don't you think you could possibly let us have it to-night?" "Well," said Cynthia graciously, "we are very busy, but if we have time it shall be done." The little nurse withdrew, and Cynthia promptly took a jar from the shelf, refilled the bottle, and placed it on the table outside the door. I laughed. "Discipline must be maintained?" "Exactly. Come out on our little balcony. You can see all the outside wards there." I followed Cynthia and her friend and they pointed out the different wards to me. Lawrence remained behind, but after a few moments Cynthia called to him over her shoulder to come and join us. Then she looked at her watch. "Nothing more to do, Nibs?" "No." "All right. Then we can lock up and go." I had seen Lawrence in quite a different light that afternoon. Compared to John, he was an astoundingly difficult person to get to know. He was the opposite of his brother in almost every respect, being unusually shy and reserved. Yet he had a certain charm of manner, and I fancied that, if one really knew him well, one could have a deep affection for him. I had always fancied that his manner to Cynthia was rather constrained, and that she on her side was inclined to be shy of him. But they were both gay enough this afternoon, and chatted together like a couple of children. As we drove through the village, I remembered that I wanted some stamps, so accordingly we pulled up at the post office. As I came out again, I cannoned into a little man who was just entering. I drew aside and apologised, when suddenly, with a loud exclamation, he clasped me in his arms and kissed me warmly. "_Mon ami_ Hastings!" he cried. "It is indeed _mon ami_ Hastings!" "Poirot!" I exclaimed. I turned to the pony-trap. "This is a very pleasant meeting for me, Miss Cynthia. This is my old friend, Monsieur Poirot, whom I have not seen for years." "Oh, we know Monsieur Poirot," said Cynthia gaily. "But I had no idea he was a friend of yours." "Yes, indeed," said Poirot seriously. "I know Mademoiselle Cynthia. It is by the charity of that good Mrs. Inglethorp that I am here." Then, as I looked at him inquiringly: "Yes, my friend, she had kindly extended hospitality to seven of my countrypeople who, alas, are refugees from their native land. We Belgians will always remember her with gratitude." Poirot was an extraordinary looking little man. He was hardly more than five feet, four inches, but carried himself with great dignity. His head was exactly the shape of an egg, and he always perched it a little on one side. His moustache was very stiff and military. The neatness of his attire was almost incredible. I believe a speck of dust would have caused him more pain than a bullet wound. Yet this quaint dandified little man who, I was sorry to see, now limped badly, had been in his time one of the most celebrated members of the Belgian police. As a detective, his _flair_ had been extraordinary, and he had achieved triumphs by unravelling some of the most baffling cases of the day. He pointed out to me the little house inhabited by him and his fellow Belgians, and I promised to go and see him at an early date. Then he raised his hat with a flourish to Cynthia, and we drove away. "He's a dear little man," said Cynthia. "I'd no idea you knew him." "You've been entertaining a celebrity unawares," I replied. And, for the rest of the way home, I recited to them the various exploits and triumphs of Hercule Poirot. We arrived back in a very cheerful mood. As we entered the hall, Mrs. Inglethorp came out of her boudoir. She looked flushed and upset. "Oh, it's you," she said. "Is there anything the matter, Aunt Emily?" asked Cynthia. "Certainly not," said Mrs. Inglethorp sharply. "What should there be?" Then catching sight of Dorcas, the parlourmaid, going into the dining-room, she called to her to bring some stamps into the boudoir. "Yes, m'm." The old servant hesitated, then added diffidently: "Don't you think, m'm, you'd better get to bed? You're looking very tired." "Perhaps you're right, Dorcas—yes—no—not now. I've some letters I must finish by post-time. Have you lighted the fire in my room as I told you?" "Yes, m'm." "Then I'll go to bed directly after supper." She went into the boudoir again, and Cynthia stared after her. "Goodness gracious! I wonder what's up?" she said to Lawrence. He did not seem to have heard her, for without a word he turned on his heel and went out of the house. I suggested a quick game of tennis before supper and, Cynthia agreeing, I ran upstairs to fetch my racquet. Mrs. Cavendish was coming down the stairs. It may have been my fancy, but she, too, was looking odd and disturbed. "Had a good walk with Dr. Bauerstein?" I asked, trying to appear as indifferent as I could. "I didn't go," she replied abruptly. "Where is Mrs. Inglethorp?" "In the boudoir." Her hand clenched itself on the banisters, then she seemed to nerve herself for some encounter, and went rapidly past me down the stairs across the hall to the boudoir, the door of which she shut behind her. As I ran out to the tennis court a few moments later, I had to pass the open boudoir window, and was unable to help overhearing the following scrap of dialogue. Mary Cavendish was saying in the voice of a woman desperately controlling herself: "Then you won't show it to me?" To which Mrs. Inglethorp replied: "My dear Mary, it has nothing to do with that matter." "Then show it to me." "I tell you it is not what you imagine. It does not concern you in the least." To which Mary Cavendish replied, with a rising bitterness: "Of course, I might have known you would shield him." Cynthia was waiting for me, and greeted me eagerly with: "I say! There's been the most awful row! I've got it all out of Dorcas." "What kind of a row?" "Between Aunt Emily and _him_. I do hope she's found him out at last!" "Was Dorcas there, then?" "Of course not. She ‘happened to be near the door'. It was a real old bust-up. I do wish I knew what it was all about." I thought of Mrs. Raikes's gipsy face, and Evelyn Howard's warnings, but wisely decided to hold my peace, whilst Cynthia exhausted every possible hypothesis, and cheerfully hoped, "Aunt Emily will send him away, and will never speak to him again." I was anxious to get hold of John, but he was nowhere to be seen. Evidently something very momentous had occurred that afternoon. I tried to forget the few words I had overheard; but, do what I would, I could not dismiss them altogether from my mind. What was Mary Cavendish's concern in the matter? Mr. Inglethorp was in the drawing-room when I came down to supper. His face was impassive as ever, and the strange unreality of the man struck me afresh. Mrs. Inglethorp came down last. She still looked agitated, and during the meal there was a somewhat constrained silence. Inglethorp was unusually quiet. As a rule, he surrounded his wife with little attentions, placing a cushion at her back, and altogether playing the part of the devoted husband. Immediately after supper, Mrs. Inglethorp retired to her boudoir again. "Send my coffee in here, Mary," she called. "I've just five minutes to catch the post." Cynthia and I went and sat by the open window in the drawing-room. Mary Cavendish brought our coffee to us. She seemed excited. "Do you young people want lights, or do you enjoy the twilight?" she asked. "Will you take Mrs. Inglethorp her coffee, Cynthia? I will pour it out." "Do not trouble, Mary," said Inglethorp. "I will take it to Emily." He poured it out, and went out of the room carrying it carefully. Lawrence followed him, and Mrs. Cavendish sat down by us. We three sat for some time in silence. It was a glorious night, hot and still. Mrs. Cavendish fanned herself gently with a palm leaf. "It's almost too hot," she murmured. "We shall have a thunderstorm." Alas, that these harmonious moments can never endure! My paradise was rudely shattered by the sound of a well known, and heartily disliked, voice in the hall. "Dr. Bauerstein!" exclaimed Cynthia. "What a funny time to come." I glanced jealously at Mary Cavendish, but she seemed quite undisturbed, the delicate pallor of her cheeks did not vary. In a few moments, Alfred Inglethorp had ushered the doctor in, the latter laughing, and protesting that he was in no fit state for a drawing-room. In truth, he presented a sorry spectacle, being literally plastered with mud. "What have you been doing, doctor?" cried Mrs. Cavendish. "I must make my apologies," said the doctor. "I did not really mean to come in, "Well, Bauerstein, you are in a plight," said John, strolling in from the hall. "Have some coffee, and tell us what you have been up to." "Thank you, I will." He laughed rather ruefully, as he described how he had discovered a very rare species of fern in an inaccessible place, and in his efforts to obtain it had lost his footing, and slipped ignominiously into a neighbouring pond. "The sun soon dried me off," he added, "but I'm afraid my appearance is very disreputable." At this juncture, Mrs. Inglethorp called to Cynthia from the hall, and the girl ran out. "Just carry up my despatch-case, will you, dear? I'm going to bed." The door into the hall was a wide one. I had risen when Cynthia did, John was close by me. There were therefore three witnesses who could swear that Mrs. Inglethorp was carrying her coffee, as yet untasted, in her hand. My evening was utterly and entirely spoilt by the presence of Dr. Bauerstein. It seemed to me the man would never go. He rose at last, however, and I breathed a sigh of relief. "I'll walk down to the village with you," said Mr. Inglethorp. "I must see our agent over those estate accounts." He turned to John. "No one need sit up. I will take the latch-key." To make this part of my story clear, I append the following plan of the first floor of Styles. The servants' rooms are reached through the door B. They have no communication with the right wing, where the Inglethorps' rooms were situated. 01 It seemed to be the middle of the night when I was awakened by Lawrence Cavendish. He had a candle in his hand, and the agitation of his face told me at once that something was seriously wrong. "What's the matter?" I asked, sitting up in bed, and trying to collect my scattered thoughts. "We are afraid my mother is very ill. She seems to be having some kind of fit. Unfortunately she has locked herself in." "I'll come at once." I sprang out of bed; and, pulling on a dressing-gown, followed Lawrence along the passage and the gallery to the right wing of the house. John Cavendish joined us, and one or two of the servants were standing round in a state of awe-stricken excitement. Lawrence turned to his brother. "What do you think we had better do?" Never, I thought, had his indecision of character been more apparent. John rattled the handle of Mrs. Inglethorp's door violently, but with no effect. It was obviously locked or bolted on the inside. The whole household was aroused by now. The most alarming sounds were audible from the interior of the room. Clearly something must be done. "Try going through Mr. Inglethorp's room, sir," cried Dorcas. "Oh, the poor mistress!" Suddenly I realized that Alfred Inglethorp was not with us—that he alone had given no sign of his presence. John opened the door of his room. It was pitch dark, but Lawrence was following with the candle, and by its feeble light we saw that the bed had not been slept in, and that there was no sign of the room having been occupied. We went straight to the connecting door. That, too, was locked or bolted on the inside. What was to be done? "Oh, dear, sir," cried Dorcas, wringing her hands, "what ever shall we do?" "We must try and break the door in, I suppose. It'll be a tough job, though. Here, let one of the maids go down and wake Baily and tell him to go for Dr. Wilkins at once. Now then, we'll have a try at the door. Half a moment, though, isn't there a door into Miss Cynthia's rooms?" "Yes, sir, but that's always bolted. It's never been undone." "Well, we might just see." He ran rapidly down the corridor to Cynthia's room. Mary Cavendish was there, shaking the girl—who must have been an unusually sound sleeper—and trying to wake her. In a moment or two he was back. "No good. That's bolted too. We must break in the door. I think this one is a shade less solid than the one in the passage." We strained and heaved together. The framework of the door was solid, and for a long time it resisted our efforts, but at last we felt it give beneath our weight, and finally, with a resounding crash, it was burst open. We stumbled in together, Lawrence still holding his candle. Mrs. Inglethorp was lying on the bed, her whole form agitated by violent convulsions, in one of which she must have overturned the table beside her. As we entered, however, her limbs relaxed, and she fell back upon the pillows. John strode across the room, and lit the gas. Turning to Annie, one of the housemaids, he sent her downstairs to the dining-room for brandy. Then he went across to his mother whilst I unbolted the door that gave on the corridor. I turned to Lawrence, to suggest that I had better leave them now that there was no further need of my services, but the words were frozen on my lips. Never have I seen such a ghastly look on any man's face. He was white as chalk, the candle he held in his shaking hand was sputtering onto the carpet, and his eyes, petrified with terror, or some such kindred emotion, stared fixedly over my head at a point on the further wall. It was as though he had seen something that turned him to stone. I instinctively followed the direction of his eyes, but I could see nothing unusual. The still feebly flickering ashes in the grate, and the row of prim ornaments on the mantelpiece, were surely harmless enough. The violence of Mrs. Inglethorp's attack seemed to be passing. She was able to speak in short gasps. "Better now—very sudden—stupid of me—to lock myself in." A shadow fell on the bed and, looking up, I saw Mary Cavendish standing near the door with her arm around Cynthia. She seemed to be supporting the girl, who looked utterly dazed and unlike herself. Her face was heavily flushed, and she yawned repeatedly. "Poor Cynthia is quite frightened," said Mrs. Cavendish in a low clear voice. She herself, I noticed, was dressed in her white land smock. Then it must be later than I thought. I saw that a faint streak of daylight was showing through the curtains of the windows, and that the clock on the mantelpiece pointed to close upon five o'clock. A strangled cry from the bed startled me. A fresh access of pain seized the unfortunate old lady. The convulsions were of a violence terrible to behold. Everything was confusion. We thronged round her, powerless to help or alleviate. A final convulsion lifted her from the bed, until she appeared to rest upon her head and her heels, with her body arched in an extraordinary manner. In vain Mary and John tried to administer more brandy. The moments flew. Again the body arched itself in that peculiar fashion. At that moment, Dr. Bauerstein pushed his way authoritatively into the room. For one instant he stopped dead, staring at the figure on the bed, and, at the same instant, Mrs. Inglethorp cried out in a strangled voice, her eyes fixed on the doctor: "Alfred—Alfred— Then she fell back motionless on the pillows. With a stride, the doctor reached the bed, and seizing her arms worked them energetically, applying what I knew to be artificial respiration. He issued a few short sharp orders to the servants. An imperious wave of his hand drove us all to the door. We watched him, fascinated, though I think we all knew in our hearts that it was too late, and that nothing could be done now. I could see by the expression on his face that he himself had little hope. Finally he abandoned his task, shaking his head gravely. At that moment, we heard footsteps outside, and Dr. Wilkins, Mrs. Inglethorp's own doctor, a portly, fussy little man, came bustling in. In a few words Dr. Bauerstein explained how he had happened to be passing the lodge gates as the car came out, and had run up to the house as fast as he could, whilst the car went on to fetch Dr. Wilkins. With a faint gesture of the hand, he indicated the figure on the bed. "Ve—ry sad. Ve—ry sad," murmured Dr. Wilkins. "Poor dear lady. Always did far too much—far too much—against my advice. I warned her. Her heart was far from strong. ‘Take it easy,' I said to her, ‘Take—it—easy'. But no—her zeal for good works was too great. Nature rebelled. Na—ture—re—belled." Dr. Bauerstein, I noticed, was watching the local doctor narrowly. He still kept his eyes fixed on him as he spoke. "The convulsions were of a peculiar violence, Dr. Wilkins. I am sorry you were not here in time to witness them. They were quite—tetanic in character." "Ah!" said Dr. Wilkins wisely. "I should like to speak to you in private," said Dr. Bauerstein. He turned to John. "You do not object?" "Certainly not." We all trooped out into the corridor, leaving the two doctors alone, and I heard the key turned in the lock behind us. We went slowly down the stairs. I was violently excited. I have a certain talent for deduction, and Dr. Bauerstein's manner had started a flock of wild surmises in my mind. Mary Cavendish laid her hand upon my arm. "What is it? Why did Dr. Bauerstein seem so—peculiar?" I looked at her. "Do you know what I think?" "What?" "Listen!" I looked round, the others were out of earshot. I lowered my voice to a whisper. "I believe she has been poisoned! I'm certain Dr. Bauerstein suspects it." "_What?_" She shrank against the wall, the pupils of her eyes dilating wildly. Then, with a sudden cry that startled me, she cried out: "No, no—not that—not that!" And breaking from me, fled up the stairs. I followed her, afraid that she was going to faint. I found her leaning against the bannisters, deadly pale. She waved me away impatiently. "No, no—leave me. I'd rather be alone. Let me just be quiet for a minute or two. Go down to the others." I obeyed her reluctantly. John and Lawrence were in the dining-room. I joined them. We were all silent, but I suppose I voiced the thoughts of us all when I at last broke it by saying: "Where is Mr. Inglethorp?" John shook his head. "He's not in the house." Our eyes met. Where _was_ Alfred Inglethorp? His absence was strange and inexplicable. I remembered Mrs. Inglethorp's dying words. What lay beneath them? What more could she have told us, if she had had time? At last we heard the doctors descending the stairs. Dr. Wilkins was looking important and excited, and trying to conceal an inward exultation under a manner of decorous calm. Dr. Bauerstein remained in the background, his grave bearded face unchanged. Dr. Wilkins was the spokesman for the two. He addressed himself to John: "Mr. Cavendish, I should like your consent to a post-mortem." "Is that necessary?" asked John gravely. A spasm of pain crossed his face. "Absolutely," said Dr. Bauerstein. "You mean by that——?" "That neither Dr. Wilkins nor myself could give a death certificate under the circumstances." John bent his head. "In that case, I have no alternative but to agree." "Thank you," said Dr. Wilkins briskly. "We propose that it should take place to-morrow night—or rather to-night." And he glanced at the daylight. "Under the circumstances, I am afraid an inquest can hardly be avoided—these formalities are necessary, but I beg that you won't distress yourselves." There was a pause, and then Dr. Bauerstein drew two keys from his pocket, and handed them to John. "These are the keys of the two rooms. I have locked them and, in my opinion, they would be better kept locked for the present." The doctors then departed. I had been turning over an idea in my head, and I felt that the moment had now come to broach it. Yet I was a little chary of doing so. John, I knew, had a horror of any kind of publicity, and was an easygoing optimist, who preferred never to meet trouble half-way. It might be difficult to convince him of the soundness of my plan. Lawrence, on the other hand, being less conventional, and having more imagination, I felt I might count upon as an ally. There was no doubt that the moment had come for me to take the lead. "John," I said, "I am going to ask you something." "Well?" "You remember my speaking of my friend Poirot? The Belgian who is here? He has been a most famous detective." "Yes." "I want you to let me call him in—to investigate this matter." "What—now? Before the post-mortem?" "Yes, time is an advantage if—if—there has been foul play." "Rubbish!" cried Lawrence angrily. "In my opinion the whole thing is a mare's nest of Bauerstein's! Wilkins hadn't an idea of such a thing, until Bauerstein put it into his head. But, like all specialists, Bauerstein's got a bee in his bonnet. Poisons are his hobby, so of course he sees them everywhere." I confess that I was surprised by Lawrence's attitude. He was so seldom vehement about anything. John hesitated. "I can't feel as you do, Lawrence," he said at last. "I'm inclined to give Hastings a free hand, though I should prefer to wait a bit. We don't want any unnecessary scandal." "No, no," I cried eagerly, "you need have no fear of that. Poirot is discretion itself." "Very well, then, have it your own way. I leave it in your hands. Though, if it is as we suspect, it seems a clear enough case. God forgive me if I am wronging him!" I looked at my watch. It was six o'clock. I determined to lose no time. Five minutes' delay, however, I allowed myself. I spent it in ransacking the library until I discovered a medical book which gave a description of strychnine poisoning. The house which the Belgians occupied in the village was quite close to the park gates. One could save time by taking a narrow path through the long grass, which cut off the detours of the winding drive. So I, accordingly, went that way. I had nearly reached the lodge, when my attention was arrested by the running figure of a man approaching me. It was Mr. Inglethorp. Where had he been? How did he intend to explain his absence? He accosted me eagerly. "My God! This is terrible! My poor wife! I have only just heard." "Where have you been?" I asked. "Denby kept me late last night. It was one o'clock before we'd finished. Then I found that I'd forgotten the latch-key after all. I didn't want to arouse the household, so Denby gave me a bed." "How did you hear the news?" I asked. "Wilkins knocked Denby up to tell him. My poor Emily! She was so self-sacrificing—such a noble character. She over-taxed her strength." A wave of revulsion swept over me. What a consummate hypocrite the man was! "I must hurry on," I said, thankful that he did not ask me whither I was bound. In a few minutes I was knocking at the door of Leastways Cottage. Getting no answer, I repeated my summons impatiently. A window above me was cautiously opened, and Poirot himself looked out. He gave an exclamation of surprise at seeing me. In a few brief words, I explained the tragedy that had occurred, and that I wanted his help. "Wait, my friend, I will let you in, and you shall recount to me the affair whilst I dress." In a few moments he had unbarred the door, and I followed him up to his room. There he installed me in a chair, and I related the whole story, keeping back nothing, and omitting no circumstance, however insignificant, whilst he himself made a careful and deliberate toilet. I told him of my awakening, of Mrs. Inglethorp's dying words, of her husband's absence, of the quarrel the day before, of the scrap of conversation between Mary and her mother-in-law that I had overheard, of the former quarrel between Mrs. Inglethorp and Evelyn Howard, and of the latter's innuendoes. I was hardly as clear as I could wish. I repeated myself several times, and occasionally had to go back to some detail that I had forgotten. Poirot smiled kindly on me. "The mind is confused? Is it not so? Take time, _mon ami_. You are agitated; you are excited—it is but natural. Presently, when we are calmer, we will arrange the facts, neatly, each in his proper place. We will examine—and reject. Those of importance we will put on one side; those of no importance, pouf! "—he screwed up his cherub-like face, and puffed comically enough blow them away!" "That's all very well," I objected, "but how are you going to decide what is important, and what isn't? That always seems the difficulty to me." Poirot shook his head energetically. He was now arranging his moustache with exquisite care. "Not so. _Voyons!_ One fact leads to another—so we continue. Does the next fit in with that? _A merveille!_ Good! We can proceed. This next little fact—no! Ah, that is curious! There is something missing—a link in the chain that is not there. We examine. We search. And that little curious fact, that possibly paltry little detail that will not tally, we put it here!" He made an extravagant gesture with his hand. "It is significant! It is tremendous!" "Y—es— "Ah!" Poirot shook his forefinger so fiercely at me that I quailed before it. "Beware! Peril to the detective who says: ‘It is so small—it does not matter. It will not agree. I will forget it.' That way lies confusion! Everything matters." "I know. You always told me that. That's why I have gone into all the details of this thing whether they seemed to me relevant or not." "And I am pleased with you. You have a good memory, and you have given me the facts faithfully. Of the order in which you present them, I say nothing—truly, it is deplorable! But I make allowances—you are upset. To that I attribute the circumstance that you have omitted one fact of paramount importance." "What is that?" I asked. "You have not told me if Mrs. Inglethorp ate well last night." I stared at him. Surely the war had affected the little man's brain. He was carefully engaged in brushing his coat before putting it on, and seemed wholly engrossed in the task. "I don't remember," I said. "And, anyway, I don't see— "You do not see? But it is of the first importance." "I can't see why," I said, rather nettled. "As far as I can remember, she didn't eat much. She was obviously upset, and it had taken her appetite away. That was only natural." "Yes," said Poirot thoughtfully, "it was only natural." He opened a drawer, and took out a small despatch-case, then turned to me. "Now I am ready. We will proceed to the château, and study matters on the spot. Excuse me, _mon ami_, you dressed in haste, and your tie is on one side. Permit me." With a deft gesture, he rearranged it. "_Ça y est!_ Now, shall we start?" We hurried up the village, and turned in at the lodge gates. Poirot stopped for a moment, and gazed sorrowfully over the beautiful expanse of park, still glittering with morning dew. "So beautiful, so beautiful, and yet, the poor family, plunged in sorrow, prostrated with grief." He looked at me keenly as he spoke, and I was aware that I reddened under his prolonged gaze. Was the family prostrated by grief? Was the sorrow at Mrs. Inglethorp's death so great? I realized that there was an emotional lack in the atmosphere. The dead woman had not the gift of commanding love. Her death was a shock and a distress, but she would not be passionately regretted. Poirot seemed to follow my thoughts. He nodded his head gravely. "No, you are right," he said, "it is not as though there was a blood tie. She has been kind and generous to these Cavendishes, but she was not their own mother. Blood tells—always remember that—blood tells." "Poirot," I said, "I wish you would tell me why you wanted to know if Mrs. Inglethorp ate well last night? I have been turning it over in my mind, but I can't see how it has anything to do with the matter?" He was silent for a minute or two as we walked along, but finally he said: "I do not mind telling The present contention is that Mrs. Inglethorp died of strychnine poisoning, presumably administered in her coffee." "Yes?" "Well, what time was the coffee served?" "About eight o'clock." "Therefore she drank it between then and half-past eight—certainly not much later. Well, strychnine is a fairly rapid poison. Its effects would be felt very soon, probably in about an hour. Yet, in Mrs. Inglethorp's case, the symptoms do not manifest themselves until five o'clock the next morning: nine hours! But a heavy meal, taken at about the same time as the poison, might retard its effects, though hardly to that extent. Still, it is a possibility to be taken into account. But, according to you, she ate very little for supper, and yet the symptoms do not develop until early the next morning! Now that is a curious circumstance, my friend. Something may arise at the autopsy to explain it. In the meantime, remember it." As we neared the house, John came out and met us. His face looked weary and haggard. "This is a very dreadful business, Monsieur Poirot," he said. "Hastings has explained to you that we are anxious for no publicity?" "I comprehend perfectly." "You see, it is only suspicion so far. We have nothing to go upon." "Precisely. It is a matter of precaution only." John turned to me, taking out his cigarette-case, and lighting a cigarette as he did so. "You know that fellow Inglethorp is back?" "Yes. I met him." John flung the match into an adjacent flower bed, a proceeding which was too much for Poirot's feelings. He retrieved it, and buried it neatly. "It's jolly difficult to know how to treat him." "That difficulty will not exist long," pronounced Poirot quietly. John looked puzzled, not quite understanding the portent of this cryptic saying. He handed the two keys which Dr. Bauerstein had given him to me. "Show Monsieur Poirot everything he wants to see." "The rooms are locked?" asked Poirot. "Dr. Bauerstein considered it advisable." Poirot nodded thoughtfully. "Then he is very sure. Well, that simplifies matters for us." We went up together to the room of the tragedy. For convenience I append a plan of the room and the principal articles of furniture in it. 02 Poirot locked the door on the inside, and proceeded to a minute inspection of the room. He darted from one object to the other with the agility of a grasshopper. I remained by the door, fearing to obliterate any clues. Poirot, however, did not seem grateful to me for my forbearance. "What have you, my friend," he cried, "that you remain there like—how do you say it?—ah, yes, the stuck pig?" I explained that I was afraid of obliterating any foot-marks. "Foot-marks? But what an idea! There has already been practically an army in the room! What foot-marks are we likely to find? No, come here and aid me in my search. I will put down my little case until I need it." He did so, on the round table by the window, but it was an ill-advised proceeding; for, the top of it being loose, it tilted up, and precipitated the despatch-case on the floor. "_Eh voilà une table!_" cried Poirot. "Ah, my friend, one may live in a big house and yet have no comfort." After which piece of moralizing, he resumed his search. A small purple despatch-case, with a key in the lock, on the writing-table, engaged his attention for some time. He took out the key from the lock, and passed it to me to inspect. I saw nothing peculiar, however. It was an ordinary key of the Yale type, with a bit of twisted wire through the handle. Next, he examined the framework of the door we had broken in, assuring himself that the bolt had really been shot. Then he went to the door opposite leading into Cynthia's room. That door was also bolted, as I had stated. However, he went to the length of unbolting it, and opening and shutting it several times; this he did with the utmost precaution against making any noise. Suddenly something in the bolt itself seemed to rivet his attention. He examined it carefully, and then, nimbly whipping out a pair of small forceps from his case, he drew out some minute particle which he carefully sealed up in a tiny envelope. On the chest of drawers there was a tray with a spirit lamp and a small saucepan on it. A small quantity of a dark fluid remained in the saucepan, and an empty cup and saucer that had been drunk out of stood near it. I wondered how I could have been so unobservant as to overlook this. Here was a clue worth having. Poirot delicately dipped his finger into liquid, and tasted it gingerly. He made a grimace. "Cocoa—with—I think—rum in it." He passed on to the debris on the floor, where the table by the bed had been overturned. A reading-lamp, some books, matches, a bunch of keys, and the crushed fragments of a coffee-cup lay scattered about. "Ah, this is curious," said Poirot. "I must confess that I see nothing particularly curious about it." "You do not? Observe the lamp—the chimney is broken in two places; they lie there as they fell. But see, the coffee-cup is absolutely smashed to powder." "Well," I said wearily, "I suppose someone must have stepped on it." "Exactly," said Poirot, in an odd voice. "Someone stepped on it." He rose from his knees, and walked slowly across to the mantelpiece, where he stood abstractedly fingering the ornaments, and straightening them—a trick of his when he was agitated. "_Mon ami_," he said, turning to me, "somebody stepped on that cup, grinding it to powder, and the reason they did so was either because it contained strychnine or—which is far more serious—because it did not contain strychnine!" I made no reply. I was bewildered, but I knew that it was no good asking him to explain. In a moment or two he roused himself, and went on with his investigations. He picked up the bunch of keys from the floor, and twirling them round in his fingers finally selected one, very bright and shining, which he tried in the lock of the purple despatch-case. It fitted, and he opened the box, but after a moment's hesitation, closed and relocked it, and slipped the bunch of keys, as well as the key that had originally stood in the lock, into his own pocket. "I have no authority to go through these papers. But it should be done—at once!" He then made a very careful examination of the drawers of the wash-stand. Crossing the room to the left-hand window, a round stain, hardly visible on the dark brown carpet, seemed to interest him particularly. He went down on his knees, examining it minutely—even going so far as to smell it. Finally, he poured a few drops of the cocoa into a test tube, sealing it up carefully. His next proceeding was to take out a little notebook. "We have found in this room," he said, writing busily, "six points of interest. Shall I enumerate them, or will you?" "Oh, you," I replied hastily. "Very well, then. One, a coffee-cup that has been ground into powder; two, a despatch-case with a key in the lock; three, a stain on the floor." "That may have been done some time ago," I interrupted. "No, for it is still perceptibly damp and smells of coffee. Four, a fragment of some dark green fabric—only a thread or two, but recognizable." "Ah!" I cried. "That was what you sealed up in the envelope." "Yes. It may turn out to be a piece of one of Mrs. Inglethorp's own dresses, and quite unimportant. We shall see. Five, _this_!" With a dramatic gesture, he pointed to a large splash of candle grease on the floor by the writing-table. "It must have been done since yesterday, otherwise a good housemaid would have at once removed it with blotting-paper and a hot iron. One of my best hats once—but that is not to the point." "It was very likely done last night. We were very agitated. Or perhaps Mrs. Inglethorp herself dropped her candle." "You brought only one candle into the room?" "Yes. Lawrence Cavendish was carrying it. But he was very upset. He seemed to see something over here"—I indicated the mantelpiece that absolutely paralysed him." "That is interesting," said Poirot quickly. "Yes, it is suggestive"—his eye sweeping the whole length of the wall but it was not his candle that made this great patch, for you perceive that this is white grease; whereas Monsieur Lawrence's candle, which is still on the dressing-table, is pink. On the other hand, Mrs. Inglethorp had no candlestick in the room, only a reading-lamp." "Then," I said, "what do you deduce?" To which my friend only made a rather irritating reply, urging me to use my own natural faculties. "And the sixth point?" I asked. "I suppose it is the sample of cocoa." "No," said Poirot thoughtfully. "I might have included that in the six, but I did not. No, the sixth point I will keep to myself for the present." He looked quickly round the room. "There is nothing more to be done here, I think, unless"—he stared earnestly and long at the dead ashes in the grate. "The fire burns—and it destroys. But by chance—there might be—let us see!" Deftly, on hands and knees, he began to sort the ashes from the grate into the fender, handling them with the greatest caution. Suddenly, he gave a faint exclamation. "The forceps, Hastings!" I quickly handed them to him, and with skill he extracted a small piece of half charred paper. "There, _mon ami!_" he cried. "What do you think of that?" I scrutinized the fragment. This is an exact reproduction of it:— 03 I was puzzled. It was unusually thick, quite unlike ordinary notepaper. Suddenly an idea struck me. "Poirot!" I cried. "This is a fragment of a will!" "Exactly." I looked up at him sharply. "You are not surprised?" "No," he said gravely, "I expected it." I relinquished the piece of paper, and watched him put it away in his case, with the same methodical care that he bestowed on everything. My brain was in a whirl. What was this complication of a will? Who had destroyed it? The person who had left the candle grease on the floor? Obviously. But how had anyone gained admission? All the doors had been bolted on the inside. "Now, my friend," said Poirot briskly, "we will go. I should like to ask a few questions of the parlourmaid—Dorcas, her name is, is it not?" We passed through Alfred Inglethorp's room, and Poirot delayed long enough to make a brief but fairly comprehensive examination of it. We went out through that door, locking both it and that of Mrs. Inglethorp's room as before. I took him down to the boudoir which he had expressed a wish to see, and went myself in search of Dorcas. When I returned with her, however, the boudoir was empty. "Poirot," I cried, "where are you?" "I am here, my friend." He had stepped outside the French window, and was standing, apparently lost in admiration, before the various shaped flower beds. "Admirable!" he murmured. "Admirable! What symmetry! Observe that crescent; and those diamonds—their neatness rejoices the eye. The spacing of the plants, also, is perfect. It has been recently done; is it not so?" "Yes, I believe they were at it yesterday afternoon. But come in—Dorcas is here." "_Eh bien, eh bien!_ Do not grudge me a moment's satisfaction of the eye." "Yes, but this affair is more important." "And how do you know that these fine begonias are not of equal importance?" I shrugged my shoulders. There was really no arguing with him if he chose to take that line. "You do not agree? But such things have been. Well, we will come in and interview the brave Dorcas." Dorcas was standing in the boudoir, her hands folded in front of her, and her grey hair rose in stiff waves under her white cap. She was the very model and picture of a good old-fashioned servant. In her attitude towards Poirot, she was inclined to be suspicious, but he soon broke down her defences. He drew forward a chair. "Pray be seated, mademoiselle." "Thank you, sir." "You have been with your mistress many years, is it not so?" "Ten years, sir." "That is a long time, and very faithful service. You were much attached to her, were you not?" "She was a very good mistress to me, sir." "Then you will not object to answering a few questions. I put them to you with Mr. Cavendish's full approval." "Oh, certainly, sir." "Then I will begin by asking you about the events of yesterday afternoon. Your mistress had a quarrel?" "Yes, sir. But I don't know that I ought— Dorcas hesitated. Poirot looked at her keenly. "My good Dorcas, it is necessary that I should know every detail of that quarrel as fully as possible. Do not think that you are betraying your mistress's secrets. Your mistress lies dead, and it is necessary that we should know all—if we are to avenge her. Nothing can bring her back to life, but we do hope, if there has been foul play, to bring the murderer to justice." "Amen to that," said Dorcas fiercely. "And, naming no names, there's _one_ in this house that none of us could ever abide! And an ill day it was when first _he_ darkened the threshold." Poirot waited for her indignation to subside, and then, resuming his business-like tone, he asked: "Now, as to this quarrel? What is the first you heard of it?" "Well, sir, I happened to be going along the hall outside yesterday— "What time was that?" "I couldn't say exactly, sir, but it wasn't tea-time by a long way. Perhaps four o'clock—or it may have been a bit later. Well, sir, as I said, I happened to be passing along, when I heard voices very loud and angry in here. I didn't exactly mean to listen, but—well, there it is. I stopped. The door was shut, but the mistress was speaking very sharp and clear, and I heard what she said quite plainly. ‘You have lied to me, and deceived me,' she said. I didn't hear what Mr. Inglethorp replied. He spoke a good bit lower than she did—but she answered: ‘How dare you? I have kept you and clothed you and fed you! You owe everything to me! And this is how you repay me! By bringing disgrace upon our name!' Again I didn't hear what he said, but she went on: ‘Nothing that you can say will make any difference. I see my duty clearly. My mind is made up. You need not think that any fear of publicity, or scandal between husband and wife will deter me.' Then I thought I heard them coming out, so I went off quickly." "You are sure it was Mr. Inglethorp's voice you heard?" "Oh, yes, sir, whose else's could it be?" "Well, what happened next?" "Later, I came back to the hall; but it was all quiet. At five o'clock, Mrs. Inglethorp rang the bell and told me to bring her a cup of tea—nothing to eat—to the boudoir. She was looking dreadful—so white and upset. ‘Dorcas,' she says, ‘I've had a great shock.' ‘I'm sorry for that, m'm,' I says. ‘You'll feel better after a nice hot cup of tea, m'm.' She had something in her hand. I don't know if it was a letter, or just a piece of paper, but it had writing on it, and she kept staring at it, almost as if she couldn't believe what was written there. She whispered to herself, as though she had forgotten I was there: ‘These few words—and everything's changed.' And then she says to me: ‘Never trust a man, Dorcas, they're not worth it!' I hurried off, and got her a good strong cup of tea, and she thanked me, and said she'd feel better when she'd drunk it. ‘I don't know what to do,' she says. ‘Scandal between husband and wife is a dreadful thing, Dorcas. I'd rather hush it up if I could.' Mrs. Cavendish came in just then, so she didn't say any more." "She still had the letter, or whatever it was, in her hand?" "Yes, sir." "What would she be likely to do with it afterwards?" "Well, I don't know, sir, I expect she would lock it up in that purple case of hers." "Is that where she usually kept important papers?" "Yes, sir. She brought it down with her every morning, and took it up every night." "When did she lose the key of it?" "She missed it yesterday at lunch-time, sir, and told me to look carefully for it. She was very much put out about it." "But she had a duplicate key?" "Oh, yes, sir." Dorcas was looking very curiously at him and, to tell the truth, so was I. What was all this about a lost key? Poirot smiled. "Never mind, Dorcas, it is my business to know things. Is this the key that was lost?" He drew from his pocket the key that he had found in the lock of the despatch-case upstairs. Dorcas's eyes looked as though they would pop out of her head. "That's it, sir, right enough. But where did you find it? I looked everywhere for it." "Ah, but you see it was not in the same place yesterday as it was to-day. Now, to pass to another subject, had your mistress a dark green dress in her wardrobe?" Dorcas was rather startled by the unexpected question. "No, sir." "Are you quite sure?" "Oh, yes, sir." "Has anyone else in the house got a green dress?" Dorcas reflected. "Miss Cynthia has a green evening dress." "Light or dark green?" "A light green, sir; a sort of chiffon, they call it." "Ah, that is not what I want. And nobody else has anything green?" "No, sir—not that I know of." Poirot's face did not betray a trace of whether he was disappointed or otherwise. He merely remarked: "Good, we will leave that and pass on. Have you any reason to believe that your mistress was likely to take a sleeping powder last night?" "Not _last_ night, sir, I know she didn't." "Why do you know so positively?" "Because the box was empty. She took the last one two days ago, and she didn't have any more made up." "You are quite sure of that?" "Positive, sir." "Then that is cleared up! By the way, your mistress didn't ask you to sign any paper yesterday?" "To sign a paper? No, sir." "When Mr. Hastings and Mr. Lawrence came in yesterday evening, they found your mistress busy writing letters. I suppose you can give me no idea to whom these letters were addressed?" "I'm afraid I couldn't, sir. I was out in the evening. Perhaps Annie could tell you, though she's a careless girl. Never cleared the coffee-cups away last night. That's what happens when I'm not here to look after things." Poirot lifted his hand. "Since they have been left, Dorcas, leave them a little longer, I pray you. I should like to examine them." "Very well, sir." "What time did you go out last evening?" "About six o'clock, sir." "Thank you, Dorcas, that is all I have to ask you." He rose and strolled to the window. "I have been admiring these flower beds. How many gardeners are employed here, by the way?" "Only three now, sir. Five, we had, before the war, when it was kept as a gentleman's place should be. I wish you could have seen it then, sir. A fair sight it was. But now there's only old Manning, and young William, and a new-fashioned woman gardener in breeches and such-like. Ah, these are dreadful times!" "The good times will come again, Dorcas. At least, we hope so. Now, will you send Annie to me here?" "Yes, sir. Thank you, sir." "How did you know that Mrs. Inglethorp took sleeping powders?" I asked, in lively curiosity, as Dorcas left the room. "And about the lost key and the duplicate?" "One thing at a time. As to the sleeping powders, I knew by this." He suddenly produced a small cardboard box, such as chemists use for powders. "Where did you find it?" "In the wash-stand drawer in Mrs. Inglethorp's bedroom. It was Number Six of my catalogue." "But I suppose, as the last powder was taken two days ago, it is not of much importance?" "Probably not, but do you notice anything that strikes you as peculiar about this box?" I "No, I can't say that I do." "Look at the label." I read the label carefully: "‘One powder to be taken at bedtime, if required. Mrs. Inglethorp.' No, I see nothing unusual." "Not the fact that there is no chemist's name?" "Ah!" I exclaimed. "To be sure, that is odd!" "Have you ever known a chemist to send out a box like that, without his printed name?" "No, I can't say that I have." I was becoming quite excited, but Poirot damped my ardour by remarking: "Yet the explanation is quite simple. So do not intrigue yourself, my friend." An audible creaking proclaimed the approach of Annie, so I had no time to reply. Annie was a fine, strapping girl, and was evidently labouring under intense excitement, mingled with a certain ghoulish enjoyment of the tragedy. Poirot came to the point at once, with a business-like briskness. "I sent for you, Annie, because I thought you might be able to tell me something about the letters Mrs. Inglethorp wrote last night. How many were there? And can you tell me any of the names and addresses?" Annie considered. "There were four letters, sir. One was to Miss Howard, and one was to Mr. Wells, the lawyer, and the other two I don't think I remember, sir—oh, yes, one was to Ross's, the caterers in Tadminster. The other one, I don't remember." "Think," urged Poirot. Annie racked her brains in vain. "I'm sorry, sir, but it's clean gone. I don't think I can have noticed it." "It does not matter," said Poirot, not betraying any sign of disappointment. "Now I want to ask you about something else. There is a saucepan in Mrs. Inglethorp's room with some cocoa in it. Did she have that every night?" "Yes, sir, it was put in her room every evening, and she warmed it up in the night—whenever she fancied it." "What was it? Plain cocoa?" "Yes, sir, made with milk, with a teaspoonful of sugar, and two teaspoonfuls of rum in it." "Who took it to her room?" "I did, sir." "Always?" "Yes, sir." "At what time?" "When I went to draw the curtains, as a rule, sir." "Did you bring it straight up from the kitchen then?" "No, sir, you see there's not much room on the gas stove, so cook used to make it early, before putting the vegetables on for supper. Then I used to bring it up, and put it on the table by the swing door, and take it into her room later." "The swing door is in the left wing, is it not?" "Yes, sir." "And the table, is it on this side of the door, or on the farther—servants' side?" "It's this side, sir." "What time did you bring it up last night?" "About quarter-past seven, I should say, sir." "And when did you take it into Mrs. Inglethorp's room?" "When I went to shut up, sir. About eight o'clock. Mrs. Inglethorp came up to bed before I'd finished." "Then, between seven-fifteen and eight o'clock, the cocoa was standing on the table in the left wing?" "Yes, sir." Annie had been growing redder and redder in the face, and now she blurted out unexpectedly: "And if there _was_ salt in it, sir, it wasn't me. I never took the salt near it." "What makes you think there was salt in it?" asked Poirot. "Seeing it on the tray, sir." "You saw some salt on the tray?" "Yes. Coarse kitchen salt, it looked. I never noticed it when I took the tray up, but when I came to take it into the mistress's room I saw it at once, and I suppose I ought to have taken it down again, and asked cook to make some fresh. But I was in a hurry, because Dorcas was out, and I thought maybe the cocoa itself was all right, and the salt had only gone on the tray. So I dusted it off with my apron, and took it in." I had the utmost difficulty in controlling my excitement. Unknown to herself, Annie had provided us with an important piece of evidence. How she would have gaped if she had realized that her "coarse kitchen salt" was strychnine, one of the most deadly poisons known to mankind. I marvelled at Poirot's calm. His self-control was astonishing. I awaited his next question with impatience, but it disappointed me. "When you went into Mrs. Inglethorp's room, was the door leading into Miss Cynthia's room bolted?" "Oh! Yes, sir; it always was. It had never been opened." "And the door into Mr. Inglethorp's room? Did you notice if that was bolted too?" Annie hesitated. "I couldn't rightly say, sir; it was shut but I couldn't say whether it was bolted or not." "When you finally left the room, did Mrs. Inglethorp bolt the door after you?" "No, sir, not then, but I expect she did later. She usually did lock it at night. The door into the passage, that is." "Did you notice any candle grease on the floor when you did the room yesterday?" "Candle grease? Oh, no, sir. Mrs. Inglethorp didn't have a candle, only a reading-lamp." "Then, if there had been a large patch of candle grease on the floor, you think you would have been sure to have seen it?" "Yes, sir, and I would have taken it out with a piece of blotting-paper and a hot iron." Then Poirot repeated the question he had put to Dorcas: "Did your mistress ever have a green dress?" "No, sir." "Nor a mantle, nor a cape, nor a—how do you call it?—a sports coat?" "Not green, sir." "Nor anyone else in the house?" Annie reflected. "No, sir." "You are sure of that?" "Quite sure." "_Bien!_ That is all I want to know. Thank you very much." With a nervous giggle, Annie took herself creakingly out of the room. My pent-up excitement burst forth. "Poirot," I cried, "I congratulate you! This is a great discovery." "What is a great discovery?" "Why, that it was the cocoa and not the coffee that was poisoned. That explains everything! Of course it did not take effect until the early morning, since the cocoa was only drunk in the middle of the night." "So you think that the cocoa—mark well what I say, Hastings, the _cocoa_—contained strychnine?" "Of course! That salt on the tray, what else could it have been?" "It might have been salt," replied Poirot placidly. I shrugged my shoulders. If he was going to take the matter that way, it was no good arguing with him. The idea crossed my mind, not for the first time, that poor old Poirot was growing old. Privately I thought it lucky that he had associated with him someone of a more receptive type of mind. Poirot was surveying me with quietly twinkling eyes. "You are not pleased with me, _mon ami?_" "My dear Poirot," I said coldly, "it is not for me to dictate to you. You have a right to your own opinion, just as I have to mine." "A most admirable sentiment," remarked Poirot, rising briskly to his feet. "Now I have finished with this room. By the way, whose is the smaller desk in the corner?" "Mr. Inglethorp's." "Ah!" He tried the roll top tentatively. "Locked. But perhaps one of Mrs. Inglethorp's keys would open it." He tried several, twisting and turning them with a practiced hand, and finally uttering an ejaculation of satisfaction. "_Voilà!_ It is not the key, but it will open it at a pinch." He slid back the roll top, and ran a rapid eye over the neatly filed papers. To my surprise, he did not examine them, merely remarking approvingly as he relocked the desk: "Decidedly, he is a man of method, this Mr. Inglethorp!" A "man of method" was, in Poirot's estimation, the highest praise that could be bestowed on any individual. I felt that my friend was not what he had been as he rambled on disconnectedly: "There were no stamps in his desk, but there might have been, eh, _mon ami?_ There might have been? Yes"—his eyes wandered round the room this boudoir has nothing more to tell us. It did not yield much. Only this." He pulled a crumpled envelope out of his pocket, and tossed it over to me. It was rather a curious document. A plain, dirty looking old envelope with a few words scrawled across it, apparently at random. The following is a facsimile of it. 04 "Where did you find this?" I asked Poirot, in lively curiosity. "In the waste-paper basket. You recognise the handwriting?" "Yes, it is Mrs. Inglethorp's. But what does it mean?" Poirot shrugged his shoulders. "I cannot say—but it is suggestive." A wild idea flashed across me. Was it possible that Mrs. Inglethorp's mind was deranged? Had she some fantastic idea of demoniacal possession? And, if that were so, was it not also possible that she might have taken her own life? I was about to expound these theories to Poirot, when his own words distracted me. "Come," he said, "now to examine the coffee-cups!" "My dear Poirot! What on earth is the good of that, now that we know about the cocoa?" "Oh, _là là!_ That miserable cocoa!" cried Poirot flippantly. He laughed with apparent enjoyment, raising his arms to heaven in mock despair, in what I could not but consider the worst possible taste. "And, anyway," I said, with increasing coldness, "as Mrs. Inglethorp took her coffee upstairs with her, I do not see what you expect to find, unless you consider it likely that we shall discover a packet of strychnine on the coffee tray!" Poirot was sobered at once. "Come, come, my friend," he said, slipping his arms through mine. "_Ne vous fâchez pas!_ Allow me to interest myself in my coffee-cups, and I will respect your cocoa. There! Is it a bargain?" He was so quaintly humorous that I was forced to laugh; and we went together to the drawing-room, where the coffee-cups and tray remained undisturbed as we had left them. Poirot made me recapitulate the scene of the night before, listening very carefully, and verifying the position of the various cups. "So Mrs. Cavendish stood by the tray—and poured out. Yes. Then she came across to the window where you sat with Mademoiselle Cynthia. Yes. Here are the three cups. And the cup on the mantelpiece, half drunk, that would be Mr. Lawrence Cavendish's. And the one on the tray?" "John Cavendish's. I saw him put it down there." "Good. One, two, three, four, five—but where, then, is the cup of Mr. Inglethorp?" "He does not take coffee." "Then all are accounted for. One moment, my friend." With infinite care, he took a drop or two from the grounds in each cup, sealing them up in separate test tubes, tasting each in turn as he did so. His physiognomy underwent a curious change. An expression gathered there that I can only describe as half puzzled, and half relieved. "_Bien!_" he said at last. "It is evident! I had an idea—but clearly I was mistaken. Yes, altogether I was mistaken. Yet it is strange. But no matter!" And, with a characteristic shrug, he dismissed whatever it was that was worrying him from his mind. I could have told him from the beginning that this obsession of his over the coffee was bound to end in a blind alley, but I restrained my tongue. After all, though he was old, Poirot had been a great man in his day. "Breakfast is ready," said John Cavendish, coming in from the hall. "You will breakfast with us, Monsieur Poirot?" Poirot acquiesced. I observed John. Already he was almost restored to his normal self. The shock of the events of the last night had upset him temporarily, but his equable poise soon swung back to the normal. He was a man of very little imagination, in sharp contrast with his brother, who had, perhaps, too much. Ever since the early hours of the morning, John had been hard at work, sending telegrams—one of the first had gone to Evelyn Howard—writing notices for the papers, and generally occupying himself with the melancholy duties that a death entails. "May I ask how things are proceeding?" he said. "Do your investigations point to my mother having died a natural death—or—or must we prepare ourselves for the worst?" "I think, Mr. Cavendish," said Poirot gravely, "that you would do well not to buoy yourself up with any false hopes. Can you tell me the views of the other members of the family?" "My brother Lawrence is convinced that we are making a fuss over nothing. He says that everything points to its being a simple case of heart failure." "He does, does he? That is very interesting—very interesting," murmured Poirot softly. "And Mrs. Cavendish?" A faint cloud passed over John's face. "I have not the least idea what my wife's views on the subject are." The answer brought a momentary stiffness in its train. John broke the rather awkward silence by saying with a slight effort: "I told you, didn't I, that Mr. Inglethorp has returned?" Poirot bent his head. "It's an awkward position for all of us. Of course one has to treat him as usual—but, hang it all, one's gorge does rise at sitting down to eat with a possible murderer!" Poirot nodded sympathetically. "I quite understand. It is a very difficult situation for you, Mr. Cavendish. I would like to ask you one question. Mr. Inglethorp's reason for not returning last night was, I believe, that he had forgotten the latch-key. Is not that so?" "Yes." "I suppose you are quite sure that the latch-key _was_ forgotten—that he did not take it after all?" "I have no idea. I never thought of looking. We always keep it in the hall drawer. I'll go and see if it's there now." Poirot held up his hand with a faint smile. "No, no, Mr. Cavendish, it is too late now. I am certain that you would find it. If Mr. Inglethorp did take it, he has had ample time to replace it by now." "But do you think— "I think nothing. If anyone had chanced to look this morning before his return, and seen it there, it would have been a valuable point in his favour. That is all." John looked perplexed. "Do not worry," said Poirot smoothly. "I assure you that you need not let it trouble you. Since you are so kind, let us go and have some breakfast." Everyone was assembled in the dining-room. Under the circumstances, we were naturally not a cheerful party. The reaction after a shock is always trying, and I think we were all suffering from it. Decorum and good breeding naturally enjoined that our demeanour should be much as usual, yet I could not help wondering if this self-control were really a matter of great difficulty. There were no red eyes, no signs of secretly indulged grief. I felt that I was right in my opinion that Dorcas was the person most affected by the personal side of the tragedy. I pass over Alfred Inglethorp, who acted the bereaved widower in a manner that I felt to be disgusting in its hypocrisy. Did he know that we suspected him, I wondered. Surely he could not be unaware of the fact, conceal it as we would. Did he feel some secret stirring of fear, or was he confident that his crime would go unpunished? Surely the suspicion in the atmosphere must warn him that he was already a marked man. But did everyone suspect him? What about Mrs. Cavendish? I watched her as she sat at the head of the table, graceful, composed, enigmatic. In her soft grey frock, with white ruffles at the wrists falling over her slender hands, she looked very beautiful. When she chose, however, her face could be sphinx-like in its inscrutability. She was very silent, hardly opening her lips, and yet in some queer way I felt that the great strength of her personality was dominating us all. And little Cynthia? Did she suspect? She looked very tired and ill, I thought. The heaviness and languor of her manner were very marked. I asked her if she were feeling ill, and she answered frankly: "Yes, I've got the most beastly headache." "Have another cup of coffee, mademoiselle?" said Poirot solicitously. "It will revive you. It is unparalleled for the _mal de tête_." He jumped up and took her cup. "No sugar," said Cynthia, watching him, as he picked up the sugar-tongs. "No sugar? You abandon it in the war-time, eh?" "No, I never take it in coffee." "_Sacré!_" murmured Poirot to himself, as he brought back the replenished cup. Only I heard him, and glancing up curiously at the little man I saw that his face was working with suppressed excitement, and his eyes were as green as a cat's. He had heard or seen something that had affected him strongly—but what was it? I do not usually label myself as dense, but I must confess that nothing out of the ordinary had attracted _my_ attention. In another moment, the door opened and Dorcas appeared. "Mr. Wells to see you, sir," she said to John. I remembered the name as being that of the lawyer to whom Mrs. Inglethorp had written the night before. John rose immediately. "Show him into my study." Then he turned to us. "My mother's lawyer," he explained. And in a lower voice: "He is also Coroner—you understand. Perhaps you would like to come with me?" We acquiesced and followed him out of the room. John strode on ahead and I took the opportunity of whispering to Poirot: "There will be an inquest then?" Poirot nodded absently. He seemed absorbed in thought; so much so that my curiosity was aroused. "What is it? You are not attending to what I say." "It is true, my friend. I am much worried." "Why?" "Because Mademoiselle Cynthia does not take sugar in her coffee." "What? You cannot be serious?" "But I am most serious. Ah, there is something there that I do not understand. My instinct was right." "What instinct?" "The instinct that led me to insist on examining those coffee-cups. _Chut!_ no more now!" We followed John into his study, and he closed the door behind us. Mr. Wells was a pleasant man of middle-age, with keen eyes, and the typical lawyer's mouth. John introduced us both, and explained the reason of our presence. "You will understand, Wells," he added, "that this is all strictly private. We are still hoping that there will turn out to be no need for investigation of any kind." "Quite so, quite so," said Mr. Wells soothingly. "I wish we could have spared you the pain and publicity of an inquest, but of course it's quite unavoidable in the absence of a doctor's certificate." "Yes, I suppose so." "Clever man, Bauerstein. Great authority on toxicology, I believe." "Indeed," said John with a certain stiffness in his manner. Then he added rather hesitatingly: "Shall we have to appear as witnesses—all of us, I mean?" "You, of course—and ah—er—Mr.—er—Inglethorp." A slight pause ensued before the lawyer went on in his soothing manner: "Any other evidence will be simply confirmatory, a mere matter of form." "I see." A faint expression of relief swept over John's face. It puzzled me, for I saw no occasion for it. "If you know of nothing to the contrary," pursued Mr. Wells, "I had thought of Friday. That will give us plenty of time for the doctor's report. The post-mortem is to take place to-night, I believe?" "Yes." "Then that arrangement will suit you?" "Perfectly." "I need not tell you, my dear Cavendish, how distressed I am at this most tragic affair." "Can you give us no help in solving it, monsieur?" interposed Poirot, speaking for the first time since we had entered the room. "I?" "Yes, we heard that Mrs. Inglethorp wrote to you last night. You should have received the letter this morning." "I did, but it contains no information. It is merely a note asking me to call upon her this morning, as she wanted my advice on a matter of great importance." "She gave you no hint as to what that matter might be?" "Unfortunately, no." "That is a pity," said John. "A great pity," agreed Poirot gravely. There was silence. Poirot remained lost in thought for a few minutes. Finally he turned to the lawyer again. "Mr. Wells, there is one thing I should like to ask you—that is, if it is not against professional etiquette. In the event of Mrs. Inglethorp's death, who would inherit her money?" The lawyer hesitated a moment, and then replied: "The knowledge will be public property very soon, so if Mr. Cavendish does not object— "I do not see any reason why I should not answer your question. By her last will, dated August of last year, after various unimportant legacies to servants, etc., she gave her entire fortune to her stepson, Mr. John Cavendish." "Was not that—pardon the question, Mr. Cavendish—rather unfair to her other stepson, Mr. Lawrence Cavendish?" "No, I do not think so. You see, under the terms of their father's will, while John inherited the property, Lawrence, at his stepmother's death, would come into a considerable sum of money. Mrs. Inglethorp left her money to her elder stepson, knowing that he would have to keep up Styles. It was, to my mind, a very fair and equitable distribution." Poirot nodded thoughtfully. "I see. But I am right in saying, am I not, that by your English law that will was automatically revoked when Mrs. Inglethorp remarried?" Mr. Wells bowed his head. "As I was about to proceed, Monsieur Poirot, that document is now null and void." "_Hein!_" said Poirot. He reflected for a moment, and then asked: "Was Mrs. Inglethorp herself aware of that fact?" "I do not know. She may have been." "She was," said John unexpectedly. "We were discussing the matter of wills being revoked by marriage only yesterday." "Ah! One more question, Mr. Wells. You say ‘her last will.' Had Mrs. Inglethorp, then, made several former wills?" "On an average, she made a new will at least once a year," said Mr. Wells imperturbably. "She was given to changing her mind as to her testamentary dispositions, now benefiting one, now another member of her family." "Suppose," suggested Poirot, "that, unknown to you, she had made a new will in favour of someone who was not, in any sense of the word, a member of the family—we will say Miss Howard, for instance—would you be surprised?" "Not in the least." "Ah!" Poirot seemed to have exhausted his questions. I drew close to him, while John and the lawyer were debating the question of going through Mrs. Inglethorp's papers. "Do you think Mrs. Inglethorp made a will leaving all her money to Miss Howard?" I asked in a low voice, with some curiosity. Poirot smiled. "No." "Then why did you ask?" "Hush!" John Cavendish had turned to Poirot. "Will you come with us, Monsieur Poirot? We are going through my mother's papers. Mr. Inglethorp is quite willing to leave it entirely to Mr. Wells and myself." "Which simplifies matters very much," murmured the lawyer. "As technically, of course, he was entitled— He did not finish the sentence. "We will look through the desk in the boudoir first," explained John, "and go up to her bedroom afterwards. She kept her most important papers in a purple despatch-case, which we must look through carefully." "Yes," said the lawyer, "it is quite possible that there may be a later will than the one in my possession." "There _is_ a later will." It was Poirot who spoke. "What?" John and the lawyer looked at him startled. "Or, rather," pursued my friend imperturbably, "there _was_ one." "What do you mean—there was one? Where is it now?" "Burnt!" "Burnt?" "Yes. See here." He took out the charred fragment we had found in the grate in Mrs. Inglethorp's room, and handed it to the lawyer with a brief explanation of when and where he had found it. "But possibly this is an old will?" "I do not think so. In fact I am almost certain that it was made no earlier than yesterday afternoon." "What?" "Impossible!" broke simultaneously from both men. Poirot turned to John. "If you will allow me to send for your gardener, I will prove it to you." "Oh, of course—but I don't see— Poirot raised his hand. "Do as I ask you. Afterwards you shall question as much as you please." "Very well." He rang the bell. Dorcas answered it in due course. "Dorcas, will you tell Manning to come round and speak to me here." "Yes, sir." Dorcas withdrew. We waited in a tense silence. Poirot alone seemed perfectly at his ease, and dusted a forgotten corner of the bookcase. The clumping of hobnailed boots on the gravel outside proclaimed the approach of Manning. John looked questioningly at Poirot. The latter nodded. "Come inside, Manning," said John, "I want to speak to you." Manning came slowly and hesitatingly through the French window, and stood as near it as he could. He held his cap in his hands, twisting it very carefully round and round. His back was much bent, though he was probably not as old as he looked, but his eyes were sharp and intelligent, and belied his slow and rather cautious speech. "Manning," said John, "this gentleman will put some questions to you which I want you to answer." "Yessir," mumbled Manning. Poirot stepped forward briskly. Manning's eye swept over him with a faint contempt. "You were planting a bed of begonias round by the south side of the house yesterday afternoon, were you not, Manning?" "Yes, sir, me and Willum." "And Mrs. Inglethorp came to the window and called you, did she not?" "Yes, sir, she did." "Tell me in your own words exactly what happened after that." "Well, sir, nothing much. She just told Willum to go on his bicycle down to the village, and bring back a form of will, or such-like—I don't know what exactly—she wrote it down for him." "Well?" "Well, he did, sir." "And what happened next?" "We went on with the begonias, sir." "Did not Mrs. Inglethorp call you again?" "Yes, sir, both me and Willum, she called." "And then?" "She made us come right in, and sign our names at the bottom of a long paper—under where she'd signed." "Did you see anything of what was written above her signature?" asked Poirot sharply. "No, sir, there was a bit of blotting paper over that part." "And you signed where she told you?" "Yes, sir, first me and then Willum." "What did she do with it afterwards?" "Well, sir, she slipped it into a long envelope, and put it inside a sort of purple box that was standing on the desk." "What time was it when she first called you?" "About four, I should say, sir." "Not earlier? Couldn't it have been about half-past three?" "No, I shouldn't say so, sir. It would be more likely to be a bit after four—not before it." "Thank you, Manning, that will do," said Poirot pleasantly. The gardener glanced at his master, who nodded, whereupon Manning lifted a finger to his forehead with a low mumble, and backed cautiously out of the window. We all looked at each other. "Good heavens!" murmured John. "What an extraordinary coincidence." "How—a coincidence?" "That my mother should have made a will on the very day of her death!" Mr. Wells cleared his throat and remarked drily: "Are you so sure it is a coincidence, Cavendish?" "What do you mean?" "Your mother, you tell me, had a violent quarrel with—someone yesterday afternoon— "What do you mean?" cried John again. There was a tremor in his voice, and he had gone very pale. "In consequence of that quarrel, your mother very suddenly and hurriedly makes a new will. The contents of that will we shall never know. She told no one of its provisions. This morning, no doubt, she would have consulted me on the subject—but she had no chance. The will disappears, and she takes its secret with her to her grave. Cavendish, I much fear there is no coincidence there. Monsieur Poirot, I am sure you agree with me that the facts are very suggestive." "Suggestive, or not," interrupted John, "we are most grateful to Monsieur Poirot for elucidating the matter. But for him, we should never have known of this will. I suppose, I may not ask you, monsieur, what first led you to suspect the fact?" Poirot smiled and answered: "A scribbled over old envelope, and a freshly planted bed of begonias." John, I think, would have pressed his questions further, but at that moment the loud purr of a motor was audible, and we all turned to the window as it swept past. "Evie!" cried John. "Excuse me, Wells." He went hurriedly out into the hall. Poirot looked inquiringly at me. "Miss Howard," I explained. "Ah, I am glad she has come. There is a woman with a head and a heart too, Hastings. Though the good God gave her no beauty!" I followed John's example, and went out into the hall, where Miss Howard was endeavouring to extricate herself from the voluminous mass of veils that enveloped her head. As her eyes fell on me, a sudden pang of guilt shot through me. This was the woman who had warned me so earnestly, and to whose warning I had, alas, paid no heed! How soon, and how contemptuously, I had dismissed it from my mind. Now that she had been proved justified in so tragic a manner, I felt ashamed. She had known Alfred Inglethorp only too well. I wondered whether, if she had remained at Styles, the tragedy would have taken place, or would the man have feared her watchful eyes? I was relieved when she shook me by the hand, with her well remembered painful grip. The eyes that met mine were sad, but not reproachful; that she had been crying bitterly, I could tell by the redness of her eyelids, but her manner was unchanged from its old gruffness. "Started the moment I got the wire. Just come off night duty. Hired car. Quickest way to get here." "Have you had anything to eat this morning, Evie?" asked John. "No." "I thought not. Come along, breakfast's not cleared away yet, and they'll make you some fresh tea." He turned to me. "Look after her, Hastings, will you? Wells is waiting for me. Oh, here's Monsieur Poirot. He's helping us, you know, Evie." Miss Howard shook hands with Poirot, but glanced suspiciously over her shoulder at John. "What do you mean—helping us?" "Helping us to investigate." "Nothing to investigate. Have they taken him to prison yet?" "Taken who to prison?" "Who? Alfred Inglethorp, of course!" "My dear Evie, do be careful. Lawrence is of the opinion that my mother died from heart seizure." "More fool, Lawrence!" retorted Miss Howard. "Of course Alfred Inglethorp murdered poor Emily—as I always told you he would." "My dear Evie, don't shout so. Whatever we may think or suspect, it is better to say as little as possible for the present. The inquest isn't until Friday." "Not until fiddlesticks!" The snort Miss Howard gave was truly magnificent. "You're all off your heads. The man will be out of the country by then. If he's any sense, he won't stay here tamely and wait to be hanged." John Cavendish looked at her helplessly. "I know what it is," she accused him, "you've been listening to the doctors. Never should. What do they know? Nothing at all—or just enough to make them dangerous. I ought to know—my own father was a doctor. That little Wilkins is about the greatest fool that even I have ever seen. Heart seizure! Sort of thing he would say. Anyone with any sense could see at once that her husband had poisoned her. I always said he'd murder her in her bed, poor soul. Now he's done it. And all you can do is to murmur silly things about ‘heart seizure' and ‘inquest on Friday.' You ought to be ashamed of yourself, John Cavendish." "What do you want me to do?" asked John, unable to help a faint smile. "Dash it all, Evie, I can't haul him down to the local police station by the scruff of his neck." "Well, you might do something. Find out how he did it. He's a crafty beggar. Dare say he soaked fly papers. Ask cook if she's missed any." It occurred to me very forcibly at that moment that to harbour Miss Howard and Alfred Inglethorp under the same roof, and keep the peace between them, was likely to prove a Herculean task, and I did not envy John. I could see by the expression of his face that he fully appreciated the difficulty of the position. For the moment, he sought refuge in retreat, and left the room precipitately. Dorcas brought in fresh tea. As she left the room, Poirot came over from the window where he had been standing, and sat down facing Miss Howard. "Mademoiselle," he said gravely, "I want to ask you something." "Ask away," said the lady, eyeing him with some disfavour. "I want to be able to count upon your help." "I'll help you to hang Alfred with pleasure," she replied gruffly. "Hanging's too good for him. Ought to be drawn and quartered, like in good old times." "We are at one then," said Poirot, "for I, too, want to hang the criminal." "Alfred Inglethorp?" "Him, or another." "No question of another. Poor Emily was never murdered until _he_ came along. I don't say she wasn't surrounded by sharks—she was. But it was only her purse they were after. Her life was safe enough. But along comes Mr. Alfred Inglethorp—and within two months—hey presto!" "Believe me, Miss Howard," said Poirot very earnestly, "if Mr. Inglethorp is the man, he shall not escape me. On my honour, I will hang him as high as Haman!" "That's better," said Miss Howard more enthusiastically. "But I must ask you to trust me. Now your help may be very valuable to me. I will tell you why. Because, in all this house of mourning, yours are the only eyes that have wept." Miss Howard blinked, and a new note crept into the gruffness of her voice. "If you mean that I was fond of her—yes, I was. You know, Emily was a selfish old woman in her way. She was very generous, but she always wanted a return. She never let people forget what she had done for them—and, that way she missed love. Don't think she ever realized it, though, or felt the lack of it. Hope not, anyway. I was on a different footing. I took my stand from the first. ‘So many pounds a year I'm worth to you. Well and good. But not a penny piece besides—not a pair of gloves, nor a theatre ticket.' She didn't understand—was very offended sometimes. Said I was foolishly proud. It wasn't that—but I couldn't explain. Anyway, I kept my self-respect. And so, out of the whole bunch, I was the only one who could allow myself to be fond of her. I watched over her. I guarded her from the lot of them, and then a glib-tongued scoundrel comes along, and pooh! all my years of devotion go for nothing." Poirot nodded sympathetically. "I understand, mademoiselle, I understand all you feel. It is most natural. You think that we are lukewarm—that we lack fire and energy—but trust me, it is not so." John stuck his head in at this juncture, and invited us both to come up to Mrs. Inglethorp's room, as he and Mr. Wells had finished looking through the desk in the boudoir. As we went up the stairs, John looked back to the dining-room door, and lowered his voice confidentially: "Look here, what's going to happen when these two meet?" I shook my head helplessly. "I've told Mary to keep them apart if she can." "Will she be able to do so?" "The Lord only knows. There's one thing, Inglethorp himself won't be too keen on meeting her." "You've got the keys still, haven't you, Poirot?" I asked, as we reached the door of the locked room. Taking the keys from Poirot, John unlocked it, and we all passed in. The lawyer went straight to the desk, and John followed him. "My mother kept most of her important papers in this despatch-case, I believe," he said. Poirot drew out the small bunch of keys. "Permit me. I locked it, out of precaution, this morning." "But it's not locked now." "Impossible!" "See." And John lifted the lid as he spoke. "_Milles tonnerres!_" cried Poirot, dumbfounded. "And I—who have both the keys in my pocket!" He flung himself upon the case. Suddenly he stiffened. "_Eh voilà une affaire!_ This lock has been forced." "What?" Poirot laid down the case again. "But who forced it? Why should they? When? But the door was locked?" These exclamations burst from us disjointedly. Poirot answered them categorically—almost mechanically. "Who? That is the question. Why? Ah, if I only knew. When? Since I was here an hour ago. As to the door being locked, it is a very ordinary lock. Probably any other of the doorkeys in this passage would fit it." We stared at one another blankly. Poirot had walked over to the mantelpiece. He was outwardly calm, but I noticed his hands, which from long force of habit were mechanically straightening the spill vases on the mantelpiece, were shaking violently. "See here, it was like this," he said at last. "There was something in that case—some piece of evidence, slight in itself perhaps, but still enough of a clue to connect the murderer with the crime. It was vital to him that it should be destroyed before it was discovered and its significance appreciated. Therefore, he took the risk, the great risk, of coming in here. Finding the case locked, he was obliged to force it, thus betraying his presence. For him to take that risk, it must have been something of great importance." "But what was it?" "Ah!" cried Poirot, with a gesture of anger. "That, I do not know! A document of some kind, without doubt, possibly the scrap of paper Dorcas saw in her hand yesterday afternoon. And I his anger burst forth freely miserable animal that I am! I guessed nothing! I have behaved like an imbecile! I should never have left that case here. I should have carried it away with me. Ah, triple pig! And now it is gone. It is destroyed—but is it destroyed? Is there not yet a chance—we must leave no stone unturned He rushed like a madman from the room, and I followed him as soon as I had sufficiently recovered my wits. But, by the time I had reached the top of the stairs, he was out of sight. Mary Cavendish was standing where the staircase branched, staring down into the hall in the direction in which he had disappeared. "What has happened to your extraordinary little friend, Mr. Hastings? He has just rushed past me like a mad bull." "He's rather upset about something," I remarked feebly. I really did not know how much Poirot would wish me to disclose. As I saw a faint smile gather on Mrs. Cavendish's expressive mouth, I endeavoured to try and turn the conversation by saying: "They haven't met yet, have they?" "Who?" "Mr. Inglethorp and Miss Howard." She looked at me in rather a disconcerting manner. "Do you think it would be such a disaster if they did meet?" "Well, don't you?" I said, rather taken aback. "No." She was smiling in her quiet way. "I should like to see a good flare up. It would clear the air. At present we are all thinking so much, and saying so little." "John doesn't think so," I remarked. "He's anxious to keep them apart." "Oh, John!" Something in her tone fired me, and I blurted out: "Old John's an awfully good sort." She studied me curiously for a minute or two, and then said, to my great surprise: "You are loyal to your friend. I like you for that." "Aren't you my friend too?" "I am a very bad friend." "Why do you say that?" "Because it is true. I am charming to my friends one day, and forget all about them the next." I don't know what impelled me, but I was nettled, and I said foolishly and not in the best of taste: "Yet you seem to be invariably charming to Dr. Bauerstein!" Instantly I regretted my words. Her face stiffened. I had the impression of a steel curtain coming down and blotting out the real woman. Without a word, she turned and went swiftly up the stairs, whilst I stood like an idiot gaping after her. I was recalled to other matters by a frightful row going on below. I could hear Poirot shouting and expounding. I was vexed to think that my diplomacy had been in vain. The little man appeared to be taking the whole house into his confidence, a proceeding of which I, for one, doubted the wisdom. Once again I could not help regretting that my friend was so prone to lose his head in moments of excitement. I stepped briskly down the stairs. The sight of me calmed Poirot almost immediately. I drew him aside. "My dear Surely you don't want the whole house to know of this occurrence? You are actually playing into the criminal's hands." "You think so, Hastings?" "I am sure of it." "Well, well, my friend, I will be guided by you." "Good. Although, unfortunately, it is a little too late now." "Sure." He looked so crestfallen and abashed that I felt quite sorry, though I still thought my rebuke a just and wise one. "Well," he said at last, "let us go, _mon ami_." "You have finished here?" "For the moment, yes. You will walk back with me to the village?" "Willingly." He picked up his little suit-case, and we went out through the open window in the drawing-room. Cynthia Murdoch was just coming in, and Poirot stood aside to let her pass. "Excuse me, mademoiselle, one minute." "Yes?" she turned inquiringly. "Did you ever make up Mrs. Inglethorp's medicines?" A slight flush rose in her face, as she answered rather constrainedly: "No." "Only her powders?" The flush deepened as Cynthia replied: "Oh, yes, I did make up some sleeping powders for her once." "These?" Poirot produced the empty box which had contained powders. She nodded. "Can you tell me what they were? Sulphonal? Veronal?" "No, they were bromide powders." "Ah! Thank you, mademoiselle; good morning." As we walked briskly away from the house, I glanced at him more than once. I had often before noticed that, if anything excited him, his eyes turned green like a cat's. They were shining like emeralds now. "My friend," he broke out at last, "I have a little idea, a very strange, and probably utterly impossible idea. And yet—it fits in." I shrugged my shoulders. I privately thought that Poirot was rather too much given to these fantastic ideas. In this case, surely, the truth was only too plain and apparent. "So that is the explanation of the blank label on the box," I remarked. "Very simple, as you said. I really wonder that I did not think of it myself." Poirot did not appear to be listening to me. "They have made one more discovery, _là-bas_," he observed, jerking his thumb over his shoulder in the direction of Styles. "Mr. Wells told me as we were going upstairs." "What was it?" "Locked up in the desk in the boudoir, they found a will of Mrs. Inglethorp's, dated before her marriage, leaving her fortune to Alfred Inglethorp. It must have been made just at the time they were engaged. It came quite as a surprise to Wells—and to John Cavendish also. It was written on one of those printed will forms, and witnessed by two of the servants—not Dorcas." "Did Mr. Inglethorp know of it?" "He says not." "One might take that with a grain of salt," I remarked sceptically. "All these wills are very confusing. Tell me, how did those scribbled words on the envelope help you to discover that a will was made yesterday afternoon?" Poirot smiled. "_Mon ami_, have you ever, when writing a letter, been arrested by the fact that you did not know how to spell a certain word?" "Yes, often. I suppose everyone has." "Exactly. And have you not, in such a case, tried the word once or twice on the edge of the blotting-paper, or a spare scrap of paper, to see if it looked right? Well, that is what Mrs. Inglethorp did. You will notice that the word ‘possessed' is spelt first with one ‘s' and subsequently with two—correctly. To make sure, she had further tried it in a sentence, thus: ‘I am possessed.' Now, what did that tell me? It told me that Mrs. Inglethorp had been writing the word ‘possessed' that afternoon, and, having the fragment of paper found in the grate fresh in my mind, the possibility of a will—(a document almost certain to contain that word)—occurred to me at once. This possibility was confirmed by a further circumstance. In the general confusion, the boudoir had not been swept that morning, and near the desk were several traces of brown mould and earth. The weather had been perfectly fine for some days, and no ordinary boots would have left such a heavy deposit. "I strolled to the window, and saw at once that the begonia beds had been newly planted. The mould in the beds was exactly similar to that on the floor of the boudoir, and also I learnt from you that they _had_ been planted yesterday afternoon. I was now sure that one, or possibly both of the gardeners—for there were two sets of footprints in the bed—had entered the boudoir, for if Mrs. Inglethorp had merely wished to speak to them she would in all probability have stood at the window, and they would not have come into the room at all. I was now quite convinced that she had made a fresh will, and had called the two gardeners in to witness her signature. Events proved that I was right in my supposition." "That was very ingenious," I could not help admitting. "I must confess that the conclusions I drew from those few scribbled words were quite erroneous." He smiled. "You gave too much rein to your imagination. Imagination is a good servant, and a bad master. The simplest explanation is always the most likely." "Another point—how did you know that the key of the despatch-case had been lost?" "I did not know it. It was a guess that turned out to be correct. You observed that it had a piece of twisted wire through the handle. That suggested to me at once that it had possibly been wrenched off a flimsy key-ring. Now, if it had been lost and recovered, Mrs. Inglethorp would at once have replaced it on her bunch; but on her bunch I found what was obviously the duplicate key, very new and bright, which led me to the hypothesis that somebody else had inserted the original key in the lock of the despatch-case." "Yes," I said, "Alfred Inglethorp, without doubt." Poirot looked at me curiously. "You are very sure of his guilt?" "Well, naturally. Every fresh circumstance seems to establish it more clearly." "On the contrary," said Poirot quietly, "there are several points in his favour." "Oh, come now!" "Yes." "I see only one." "And that?" "That he was not in the house last night." "‘Bad shot!' as you English say! You have chosen the one point that to my mind tells against him." "How is that?" "Because if Mr. Inglethorp knew that his wife would be poisoned last night, he would certainly have arranged to be away from the house. His excuse was an obviously trumped up one. That leaves us two possibilities: either he knew what was going to happen or he had a reason of his own for his absence." "And that reason?" I asked sceptically. Poirot shrugged his shoulders. "How should I know? Discreditable, without doubt. This Mr. Inglethorp, I should say, is somewhat of a scoundrel—but that does not of necessity make him a murderer." I shook my head, unconvinced. "We do not agree, eh?" said Poirot. "Well, let us leave it. Time will show which of us is right. Now let us turn to other aspects of the case. What do you make of the fact that all the doors of the bedroom were bolted on the inside?" "Well— I considered. "One must look at it logically." "True." "I should put it this way. The doors _were_ bolted—our own eyes have told us that—yet the presence of the candle grease on the floor, and the destruction of the will, prove that during the night someone entered the room. You agree so far?" "Perfectly. Put with admirable clearness. Proceed." "Well," I said, encouraged, "as the person who entered did not do so by the window, nor by miraculous means, it follows that the door must have been opened from inside by Mrs. Inglethorp herself. That strengthens the conviction that the person in question was her husband. She would naturally open the door to her own husband." Poirot shook his head. "Why should she? She had bolted the door leading into his room—a most unusual proceeding on her part—she had had a most violent quarrel with him that very afternoon. No, he was the last person she would admit." "But you agree with me that the door must have been opened by Mrs. Inglethorp herself?" "There is another possibility. She may have forgotten to bolt the door into the passage when she went to bed, and have got up later, towards morning, and bolted it then." "Poirot, is that seriously your opinion?" "No, I do not say it is so, but it might be. Now, to turn to another feature, what do you make of the scrap of conversation you overheard between Mrs. Cavendish and her mother-in-law?" "I had forgotten that," I said thoughtfully. "That is as enigmatical as ever. It seems incredible that a woman like Mrs. Cavendish, proud and reticent to the last degree, should interfere so violently in what was certainly not her affair." "Precisely. It was an astonishing thing for a woman of her breeding to do." "It is certainly curious," I agreed. "Still, it is unimportant, and need not be taken into account." A groan burst from Poirot. "What have I always told you? Everything must be taken into account. If the fact will not fit the theory—let the theory go." "Well, we shall see," I said, nettled. "Yes, we shall see." We had reached Leastways Cottage, and Poirot ushered me upstairs to his own room. He offered me one of the tiny Russian cigarettes he himself occasionally smoked. I was amused to notice that he stowed away the used matches most carefully in a little china pot. My momentary annoyance vanished. Poirot had placed our two chairs in front of the open window which commanded a view of the village street. The fresh air blew in warm and pleasant. It was going to be a hot day. Suddenly my attention was arrested by a weedy looking young man rushing down the street at a great pace. It was the expression on his face that was extraordinary—a curious mingling of terror and agitation. "Look, Poirot!" I said. He leant forward. "_Tiens!_" he said. "It is Mr. Mace, from the chemist's shop. He is coming here." The young man came to a halt before Leastways Cottage, and, after hesitating a moment, pounded vigorously at the door. "A little minute," cried Poirot from the window. "I come." Motioning to me to follow him, he ran swiftly down the stairs and opened the door. Mr. Mace began at once. "Oh, Mr. Poirot, I'm sorry for the inconvenience, but I heard that you'd just come back from the Hall?" "Yes, we have." The young man moistened his dry lips. His face was working curiously. "It's all over the village about old Mrs. Inglethorp dying so suddenly. They do say he lowered his voice cautiously that it's poison?" Poirot's face remained quite impassive. "Only the doctors can tell us that, Mr. Mace." "Yes, exactly—of course— The young man hesitated, and then his agitation was too much for him. He clutched Poirot by the arm, and sank his voice to a whisper: "Just tell me this, Mr. Poirot, it isn't—it isn't strychnine, is it?" I hardly heard what Poirot replied. Something evidently of a non-committal nature. The young man departed, and as he closed the door Poirot's eyes met mine. "Yes," he said, nodding gravely. "He will have evidence to give at the inquest." We went slowly upstairs again. I was opening my lips, when Poirot stopped me with a gesture of his hand. "Not now, not now, _mon ami_. I have need of reflection. My mind is in some disorder—which is not well." For about ten minutes he sat in dead silence, perfectly still, except for several expressive motions of his eyebrows, and all the time his eyes grew steadily greener. At last he heaved a deep sigh. "It is well. The bad moment has passed. Now all is arranged and classified. One must never permit confusion. The case is not clear yet—no. For it is of the most complicated! It puzzles _me_. _Me_, Hercule Poirot! There are two facts of significance." "And what are they?" "The first is the state of the weather yesterday. That is very important." "But it was a glorious day!" I interrupted. "Poirot, you're pulling my leg!" "Not at all. The thermometer registered 80 degrees in the shade. Do not forget that, my friend. It is the key to the whole riddle!" "And the second point?" I asked. "The important fact that Monsieur Inglethorp wears very peculiar clothes, has a black beard, and uses glasses." "Poirot, I cannot believe you are serious." "I am absolutely serious, my friend." "But this is childish!" "No, it is very momentous." "And supposing the Coroner's jury returns a verdict of Wilful Murder against Alfred Inglethorp. What becomes of your theories, then?" "They would not be shaken because twelve stupid men had happened to make a mistake! But that will not occur. For one thing, a country jury is not anxious to take responsibility upon itself, and Mr. Inglethorp stands practically in the position of local squire. Also," he added placidly, "_I_ should not allow it!" "_You_ would not allow it?" "No." I looked at the extraordinary little man, divided between annoyance and amusement. He was so tremendously sure of himself. As though he read my thoughts, he nodded gently. "Oh, yes, _mon ami_, I would do what I say." He got up and laid his hand on my shoulder. His physiognomy underwent a complete change. Tears came into his eyes. "In all this, you see, I think of that poor Mrs. Inglethorp who is dead. She was not extravagantly loved—no. But she was very good to us Belgians—I owe her a debt." I endeavoured to interrupt, but Poirot swept on. "Let me tell you this, Hastings. She would never forgive me if I let Alfred Inglethorp, her husband, be arrested _now_—when a word from me could save him!" In the interval before the inquest, Poirot was unfailing in his activity. Twice he was closeted with Mr. Wells. He also took long walks into the country. I rather resented his not taking me into his confidence, the more so as I could not in the least guess what he was driving at. It occurred to me that he might have been making inquiries at Raikes's farm; so, finding him out when I called at Leastways Cottage on Wednesday evening, I walked over there by the fields, hoping to meet him. But there was no sign of him, and I hesitated to go right up to the farm itself. As I walked away, I met an aged rustic, who leered at me cunningly. "You'm from the Hall, bain't you?" he asked. "Yes. I'm looking for a friend of mine whom I thought might have walked this way." "A little chap? As waves his hands when he talks? One of them Belgies from the village?" "Yes," I said eagerly. "He has been here, then?" "Oh, ay, he's been here, right enough. More'n once too. Friend of yours, is he? Ah, you gentlemen from the Hall—you'm a pretty lot!" And he leered more jocosely than ever. "Why, do the gentlemen from the Hall come here often?" I asked, as carelessly as I could. He winked at me knowingly. "_One_ does, mister. Naming no names, mind. And a very liberal gentleman too! Oh, thank you, sir, I'm sure." I walked on sharply. Evelyn Howard had been right then, and I experienced a sharp twinge of disgust, as I thought of Alfred Inglethorp's liberality with another woman's money. Had that piquant gipsy face been at the bottom of the crime, or was it the baser mainspring of money? Probably a judicious mixture of both. On one point, Poirot seemed to have a curious obsession. He once or twice observed to me that he thought Dorcas must have made an error in fixing the time of the quarrel. He suggested to her repeatedly that it was four-thirty, and not four o'clock when she had heard the voices. But Dorcas was unshaken. Quite an hour, or even more, had elapsed between the time when she had heard the voices and five o'clock, when she had taken tea to her mistress. The inquest was held on Friday at the Stylites Arms in the village. Poirot and I sat together, not being required to give evidence. The preliminaries were gone through. The jury viewed the body, and John Cavendish gave evidence of identification. Further questioned, he described his awakening in the early hours of the morning, and the circumstances of his mother's death. The medical evidence was next taken. There was a breathless hush, and every eye was fixed on the famous London specialist, who was known to be one of the greatest authorities of the day on the subject of toxicology. In a few brief words, he summed up the result of the post-mortem. Shorn of its medical phraseology and technicalities, it amounted to the fact that Mrs. Inglethorp had met her death as the result of strychnine poisoning. Judging from the quantity recovered, she must have taken not less than three-quarters of a grain of strychnine, but probably one grain or slightly over. "Is it possible that she could have swallowed the poison by accident?" asked the Coroner. "I should consider it very unlikely. Strychnine is not used for domestic purposes, as some poisons are, and there are restrictions placed on its sale." "Does anything in your examination lead you to determine how the poison was administered?" "No." "You arrived at Styles before Dr. Wilkins, I believe?" "That is so. The motor met me just outside the lodge gates, and I hurried there as fast as I could." "Will you relate to us exactly what happened next?" "I entered Mrs. Inglethorp's room. She was at that moment in a typical tetanic convulsion. She turned towards me, and gasped out: ‘Alfred—Alfred——'" "Could the strychnine have been administered in Mrs. Inglethorp's after-dinner coffee which was taken to her by her husband?" "Possibly, but strychnine is a fairly rapid drug in its action. The symptoms appear from one to two hours after it has been swallowed. It is retarded under certain conditions, none of which, however, appear to have been present in this case. I presume Mrs. Inglethorp took the coffee after dinner about eight o'clock, whereas the symptoms did not manifest themselves until the early hours of the morning, which, on the face of it, points to the drug having been taken much later in the evening." "Mrs. Inglethorp was in the habit of drinking a cup of cocoa in the middle of the night. Could the strychnine have been administered in that?" "No, I myself took a sample of the cocoa remaining in the saucepan and had it analysed. There was no strychnine present." I heard Poirot chuckle softly beside me. "How did you know?" I whispered. "Listen." "I should say"—the doctor was continuing that I would have been considerably surprised at any other result." "Why?" "Simply because strychnine has an unusually bitter taste. It can be detected in a solution of one in seventy thousand, and can only be disguised by some strongly flavoured substance. Cocoa would be quite powerless to mask it." One of the jury wanted to know if the same objection applied to coffee. "No. Coffee has a bitter taste of its own which would probably cover the taste of strychnine." "Then you consider it more likely that the drug was administered in the coffee, but that for some unknown reason its action was delayed." "Yes, but, the cup being completely smashed, there is no possibility of analyzing its contents." This concluded Dr. Bauerstein's evidence. Dr. Wilkins corroborated it on all points. Sounded as to the possibility of suicide, he repudiated it utterly. The deceased, he said, suffered from a weak heart, but otherwise enjoyed perfect health, and was of a cheerful and well-balanced disposition. She would be one of the last people to take her own life. Lawrence Cavendish was next called. His evidence was quite unimportant, being a mere repetition of that of his brother. Just as he was about to step down, he paused, and said rather hesitatingly: "I should like to make a suggestion if I may?" He glanced deprecatingly at the Coroner, who replied briskly: "Certainly, Mr. Cavendish, we are here to arrive at the truth of this matter, and welcome anything that may lead to further elucidation." "It is just an idea of mine," explained Lawrence. "Of course I may be quite wrong, but it still seems to me that my mother's death might be accounted for by natural means." "How do you make that out, Mr. Cavendish?" "My mother, at the time of her death, "Ah!" said the Coroner. The jury looked up, interested. "I believe," continued Lawrence, "that there have been cases where the cumulative effect of a drug, administered for some time, has ended by causing death. Also, is it not possible that she may have taken an overdose of her medicine by accident?" "This is the first we have heard of the deceased taking strychnine at the time of her death. We are much obliged to you, Mr. Cavendish." Dr. Wilkins was recalled and ridiculed the idea. "What Mr. Cavendish suggests is quite impossible. Any doctor would tell you the same. Strychnine is, in a certain sense, a cumulative poison, but it would be quite impossible for it to result in sudden death in this way. There would have to be a long period of chronic symptoms which would at once have attracted my attention. The whole thing is absurd." "And the second suggestion? That Mrs. Inglethorp may have inadvertently taken an overdose?" "Three, or even four doses, would not have resulted in death. Mrs. Inglethorp always had an extra large amount of medicine made up at a time, as she dealt with Coot's, the Cash Chemists in Tadminster. She would have had to take very nearly the whole bottle to account for the amount of strychnine found at the post-mortem." "Then you consider that we may dismiss the tonic as not being in any way instrumental in causing her death?" "Certainly. The supposition is ridiculous." The same juryman who had interrupted before here suggested that the chemist who made up the medicine might have committed an error. "That, of course, is always possible," replied the doctor. But Dorcas, who was the next witness called, dispelled even that possibility. The medicine had not been newly made up. On the contrary, Mrs. Inglethorp had taken the last dose on the day of her death. So the question of the tonic was finally abandoned, and the Coroner proceeded with his task. Having elicited from Dorcas how she had been awakened by the violent ringing of her mistress's bell, and had subsequently roused the household, he passed to the subject of the quarrel on the preceding afternoon. Dorcas's evidence on this point was substantially what Poirot and I had already heard, so I will not repeat it here. The next witness was Mary Cavendish. She stood very upright, and spoke in a low, clear, and perfectly composed voice. In answer to the Coroner's question, she told how, her alarm clock having aroused her at four-thirty as usual, she was dressing, when she was startled by the sound of something heavy falling. "That would have been the table by the bed?" commented the Coroner. "I opened my door," continued Mary, "and listened. In a few minutes a bell rang violently. Dorcas came running down and woke my husband, and we all went to my mother-in-law's room, but it was locked— The Coroner interrupted her. "I really do not think we need trouble you further on that point. We know all that can be known of the subsequent happenings. But I should be obliged if you would tell us all you overheard of the quarrel the day before." "I?" There was a faint insolence in her voice. She raised her hand and adjusted the ruffle of lace at her neck, turning her head a little as she did so. And quite spontaneously the thought flashed across my mind: "She is gaining time!" "Yes. I understand," continued the Coroner deliberately, "that you were sitting reading on the bench just outside the long window of the boudoir. That is so, is it not?" This was news to me and glancing sideways at Poirot, I fancied that it was news to him as well. There was the faintest pause, the mere hesitation of a moment, before she answered: "Yes, that is so." "And the boudoir window was open, was it not?" Surely her face grew a little paler as she answered: "Yes." "Then you cannot have failed to hear the voices inside, especially as they were raised in anger. In fact, they would be more audible where you were than in the hall." "Possibly." "Will you repeat to us what you overheard of the quarrel?" "I really do not remember hearing anything." "Do you mean to say you did not hear voices?" "Oh, yes, I heard the voices, but I did not hear what they said." A faint spot of colour came into her cheek. "I am not in the habit of listening to private conversations." The Coroner persisted. "And you remember nothing at all? _Nothing_, Mrs. Cavendish? Not one stray word or phrase to make you realize that it _was_ a private conversation?" She paused, and seemed to reflect, still outwardly as calm as ever. "Yes; I remember. Mrs. Inglethorp said something—I do not remember exactly what—about causing scandal between husband and wife." "Ah!" the Coroner leant back satisfied. "That corresponds with what Dorcas heard. But excuse me, Mrs. Cavendish, although you realized it was a private conversation, you did not move away? You remained where you were?" I caught the momentary gleam of her tawny eyes as she raised them. I felt certain that at that moment she would willingly have torn the little lawyer, with his insinuations, into pieces, but she replied quietly enough: "No. I was very comfortable where I was. I fixed my mind on my book." "And that is all you can tell us?" "That is all." The examination was over, though I doubted if the Coroner was entirely satisfied with it. I think he suspected that Mary Cavendish could tell more if she chose. Amy Hill, shop assistant, was next called, and deposed to having sold a will form on the afternoon of the 17th to William Earl, under-gardener at Styles. William Earl and Manning succeeded her, and testified to witnessing a document. Manning fixed the time at about four-thirty, William was of the opinion that it was rather earlier. Cynthia Murdoch came next. She had, however, little to tell. She had known nothing of the tragedy, until awakened by Mrs. Cavendish. "You did not hear the table fall?" "No. I was fast asleep." The Coroner smiled. "A good conscience makes a sound sleeper," he observed. "Thank you, Miss Murdoch, that is all." "Miss Howard." Miss Howard produced the letter written to her by Mrs. Inglethorp on the evening of the 17th. Poirot and I had, of course already seen it. It added nothing to our knowledge of the tragedy. The following is a facsimile: STYLES COURT ESSEX hand written note: July 17th My dear Evelyn Can we not bury the hachet? I have found it hard to forgive the things you said against my dear husband but I am an old woman & very fond of you Yours affectionately, Emily Inglethorpe It was handed to the jury who scrutinized it attentively. "I fear it does not help us much," said the Coroner, with a sigh. "There is no mention of any of the events of that afternoon." "Plain as a pikestaff to me," said Miss Howard shortly. "It shows clearly enough that my poor old friend had just found out she'd been made a fool of!" "It says nothing of the kind in the letter," the Coroner pointed out. "No, because Emily never could bear to put herself in the wrong. But _I_ know her. She wanted me back. But she wasn't going to own that I'd been right. She went round about. Most people do. Don't believe in it myself." Mr. Wells smiled faintly. So, I noticed, did several of the jury. Miss Howard was obviously quite a public character. "Anyway, all this tomfoolery is a great waste of time," continued the lady, glancing up and down the jury disparagingly. "Talk—talk—talk! When all the time we know perfectly well— The Coroner interrupted her in an agony of apprehension: "Thank you, Miss Howard, that is all." I fancy he breathed a sigh of relief when she complied. Then came the sensation of the day. The Coroner called Albert Mace, chemist's assistant. It was our agitated young man of the pale face. In answer to the Coroner's questions, he explained that he was a qualified pharmacist, but had only recently come to this particular shop, as the assistant formerly there had just been called up for the army. These preliminaries completed, the Coroner proceeded to business. "Mr. Mace, have you lately sold strychnine to any unauthorized person?" "Yes, sir." "When was this?" "Last Monday night." "Monday? Not Tuesday?" "No, sir, Monday, the 16th." "Will you tell us to whom you sold it?" You could have heard a pin drop. "Yes, sir. It was to Mr. Inglethorp." Every eye turned simultaneously to where Alfred Inglethorp was sitting, impassive and wooden. He started slightly, as the damning words fell from the young man's lips. I half thought he was going to rise from his chair, but he remained seated, although a remarkably well acted expression of astonishment rose on his face. "You are sure of what you say?" asked the Coroner sternly. "Quite sure, sir." "Are you in the habit of selling strychnine indiscriminately over the counter?" The wretched young man wilted visibly under the Coroner's frown. "Oh, no, sir—of course not. But, seeing it was Mr. Inglethorp of the Hall, I thought there was no harm in it. He said it was to poison a dog." Inwardly I sympathized. It was only human nature to endeavour to please "The Hall"—especially when it might result in custom being transferred from Coot's to the local establishment. "Is it not customary for anyone purchasing poison to sign a book?" "Yes, sir, Mr. Inglethorp did so." "Have you got the book here?" "Yes, sir." It was produced; and, with a few words of stern censure, the Coroner dismissed the wretched Mr. Mace. Then, amidst a breathless silence, Alfred Inglethorp was called. Did he realize, I wondered, how closely the halter was being drawn around his neck? The Coroner went straight to the point. "On Monday evening last, did you purchase strychnine for the purpose of poisoning a dog?" Inglethorp replied with perfect calmness: "No, I did not. There is no dog at Styles, except an outdoor sheepdog, which is in perfect health." "You deny absolutely having purchased strychnine from Albert Mace on Monday last?" "I do." "Do you also deny _this_?" The Coroner handed him the register in which his signature was inscribed. "Certainly I do. The hand-writing is quite different from mine. I will show you." He took an old envelope out of his pocket, and wrote his name on it, handing it to the jury. It was certainly utterly dissimilar. "Then what is your explanation of Mr. Mace's statement?" Alfred Inglethorp replied imperturbably: "Mr. Mace must have been mistaken." The Coroner hesitated for a moment, and then said: "Mr. Inglethorp, as a mere matter of form, would you mind telling us where you were on the evening of Monday, July 16th?" "Really—I cannot remember." "That is absurd, Mr. Inglethorp," said the Coroner sharply. "Think again." Inglethorp shook his head. "I cannot tell you. I have an idea that I was out walking." "In what direction?" "I really can't remember." The Coroner's face grew graver. "Were you in company with anyone?" "No." "Did you meet anyone on your walk?" "No." "That is a pity," said the Coroner dryly. "I am to take it then that you decline to say where you were at the time that Mr. Mace positively recognized you as entering the shop to purchase strychnine?" "If you like to take it that way, yes." "Be careful, Mr. Inglethorp." Poirot was fidgeting nervously. "_Sacré!_" he murmured. "Does this imbecile of a man _want_ to be arrested?" Inglethorp was indeed creating a bad impression. His futile denials would not have convinced a child. The Coroner, however, passed briskly to the next point, and Poirot drew a deep breath of relief. "You had a discussion with your wife on Tuesday afternoon?" "Pardon me," interrupted Alfred Inglethorp, "you have been misinformed. I had no quarrel with my dear wife. The whole story is absolutely untrue. I was absent from the house the entire afternoon." "Have you anyone who can testify to that?" "You have my word," said Inglethorp haughtily. The Coroner did not trouble to reply. "There are two witnesses who will swear to having heard your disagreement with Mrs. Inglethorp." "Those witnesses were mistaken." I was puzzled. The man spoke with such quiet assurance that I was staggered. I looked at Poirot. There was an expression of exultation on his face which I could not understand. Was he at last convinced of Alfred Inglethorp's guilt? "Mr. Inglethorp," said the Coroner, "you have heard your wife's dying words repeated here. Can you explain them in any way?" "Certainly I can." "You can?" "It seems to me very simple. The room was dimly lighted. Dr. Bauerstein is much of my height and build, and, like me, wears a beard. In the dim light, and suffering as she was, my poor wife mistook him for me." "Ah!" murmured Poirot to himself. "But it is an idea, that!" "You think it is true?" I whispered. "I do not say that. But it is truly an ingenious supposition." "You read my wife's last words as an accusation"—Inglethorp was continuing they were, on the contrary, an appeal to me." The Coroner reflected a moment, then he said: "I believe, Mr. Inglethorp, that you yourself poured out the coffee, and took it to your wife that evening?" "I poured it out, yes. But I did not take it to her. I meant to do so, but I was told that a friend was at the hall door, so I laid down the coffee on the hall table. When I came through the hall again a few minutes later, it was gone." This statement might, or might not, be true, but it did not seem to me to improve matters much for Inglethorp. In any case, he had had ample time to introduce the poison. At that point, Poirot nudged me gently, indicating two men who were sitting together near the door. One was a little, sharp, dark, ferret-faced man, the other was tall and fair. I questioned Poirot mutely. He put his lips to my ear. "Do you know who that little man is?" I shook my head. "That is Detective Inspector James Japp of Scotland Yard—Jimmy Japp. The other man is from Scotland Yard too. Things are moving quickly, my friend." I stared at the two men intently. There was certainly nothing of the policeman about them. I should never have suspected them of being official personages. I was still staring, when I was startled and recalled by the verdict being given: "Wilful Murder against some person or persons unknown." As we came out of the Stylites Arms, Poirot drew me aside by a gentle pressure of the arm. I understood his object. He was waiting for the Scotland Yard men. In a few moments, they emerged, and Poirot at once stepped forward, and accosted the shorter of the two. "I fear you do not remember me, Inspector Japp." "Why, if it isn't Mr. Poirot!" cried the Inspector. He turned to the other man. "You've heard me speak of Mr. Poirot? It was in 1904 he and I worked together—the Abercrombie forgery case—you remember, he was run down in Brussels. Ah, those were great days, moosier. Then, do you remember ‘Baron' Altara? There was a pretty rogue for you! He eluded the clutches of half the police in Europe. But we nailed him in Antwerp—thanks to Mr. Poirot here." As these friendly reminiscences were being indulged in, I drew nearer, and was introduced to Detective-Inspector Japp, who, in his turn, introduced us both to his companion, Superintendent Summerhaye. "I need hardly ask what you are doing here, gentlemen," remarked Poirot. Japp closed one eye knowingly. "No, indeed. Pretty clear case I should say." But Poirot answered gravely: "There I differ from you." "Oh, come!" said Summerhaye, opening his lips for the first time. "Surely the whole thing is clear as daylight. The man's caught red-handed. How he could be such a fool beats me!" But Japp was looking attentively at Poirot. "Hold your fire, Summerhaye," he remarked jocularly. "Me and Moosier here have met before—and there's no man's judgment I'd sooner take than his. If I'm not greatly mistaken, he's got something up his sleeve. Isn't that so, moosier?" Poirot smiled. "I have drawn certain conclusions—yes." Summerhaye was still looking rather sceptical, but Japp continued his scrutiny of Poirot. "It's this way," he said, "so far, we've only seen the case from the outside. That's where the Yard's at a disadvantage in a case of this kind, where the murder's only out, so to speak, after the inquest. A lot depends on being on the spot first thing, and that's where Mr. Poirot's had the start of us. We shouldn't have been here as soon as this even, if it hadn't been for the fact that there was a smart doctor on the spot, who gave us the tip through the Coroner. But you've been on the spot from the first, and you may have picked up some little hints. From the evidence at the inquest, Mr. Inglethorp murdered his wife as sure as I stand here, and if anyone but you hinted the contrary I'd laugh in his face. I must say I was surprised the jury didn't bring it in Wilful Murder against him right off. I think they would have, if it hadn't been for the Coroner—he seemed to be holding them back." "Perhaps, though, you have a warrant for his arrest in your pocket now," suggested Poirot. A kind of wooden shutter of officialdom came down from Japp's expressive countenance. "Perhaps I have, and perhaps I haven't," he remarked dryly. Poirot looked at him thoughtfully. "I am very anxious, Messieurs, that he should not be arrested." "I dare say," observed Summerhaye sarcastically. Japp was regarding Poirot with comical perplexity. "Can't you go a little further, Mr. Poirot? A wink's as good as a nod—from you. You've been on the spot—and the Yard doesn't want to make any mistakes, you know." Poirot nodded gravely. "That is exactly what I thought. Well, I will tell you this. Use your warrant: Arrest Mr. Inglethorp. But it will bring you no kudos—the case against him will be dismissed at once! _Comme ça!_" And he snapped his fingers expressively. Japp's face grew grave, though Summerhaye gave an incredulous snort. As for me, I was literally dumb with astonishment. I could only conclude that Poirot was mad. Japp had taken out a handkerchief, and was gently dabbing his brow. "I daren't do it, Mr. Poirot. _I_'d take your word, but there's others over me who'll be asking what the devil I mean by it. Can't you give me a little more to go on?" Poirot reflected a moment. "It can be done," he said at last. "I admit I do not wish it. It forces my hand. I would have preferred to work in the dark just for the present, but what you say is very just—the word of a Belgian policeman, whose day is past, is not enough! And Alfred Inglethorp must not be arrested. That I have sworn, as my friend Hastings here knows. See, then, my good Japp, you go at once to Styles?" "Well, in about half an hour. We're seeing the Coroner and the doctor first." "Good. Call for me in passing—the last house in the village. I will go with you. At Styles, Mr. Inglethorp will give you, or if he refuses—as is probable—I will give you such proofs that shall satisfy you that the case against him could not possibly be sustained. Is that a bargain?" "That's a bargain," said Japp heartily. "And, on behalf of the Yard, I'm much obliged to you, though I'm bound to confess I can't at present see the faintest possible loop-hole in the evidence, but you always were a marvel! So long, then, moosier." The two detectives strode away, Summerhaye with an incredulous grin on his face. "Well, my friend," cried Poirot, before I could get in a word, "what do you think? _Mon Dieu!_ I had some warm moments in that court; I did not figure to myself that the man would be so pig-headed as to refuse to say anything at all. Decidedly, it was the policy of an imbecile." "H'm! There are other explanations besides that of imbecility," I remarked. "For, if "Why, in a thousand ingenious ways," cried Poirot. "See; say that it is I who have committed this murder, I can think of seven most plausible stories! Far more convincing than Mr. Inglethorp's stony denials!" I could not help laughing. "My dear Poirot, I am sure you are capable of thinking of seventy! But, seriously, in spite of what I heard you say to the detectives, you surely cannot still believe in the possibility of Alfred Inglethorp's innocence?" "Why not now as much as before? Nothing has changed." "But the evidence is so conclusive." "Yes, too conclusive." We turned in at the gate of Leastways Cottage, and proceeded up the now familiar stairs. "Yes, yes, too conclusive," continued Poirot, almost to himself. "Real evidence is usually vague and unsatisfactory. It has to be examined—sifted. But here the whole thing is cut and dried. No, my friend, this evidence has been very cleverly manufactured—so cleverly that it has defeated its own ends." "How do you make that out?" "Because, so long as the evidence against him was vague and intangible, it was very hard to disprove. But, in his anxiety, the criminal has drawn the net so closely that one cut will set Inglethorp free." I was silent. And in a minute or two, Poirot continued: "Let us look at the matter like this. Here is a man, let us say, who sets out to poison his wife. He has lived by his wits as the saying goes. Presumably, therefore, he has some wits. He is not altogether a fool. Well, how does he set about it? He goes boldly to the village chemist's and purchases strychnine under his own name, with a trumped up story about a dog which is bound to be proved absurd. He does not employ the poison that night. No, he waits until he has had a violent quarrel with her, of which the whole household is cognisant, and which naturally directs their suspicions upon him. He prepares no defence—no shadow of an alibi, yet he knows the chemist's assistant must necessarily come forward with the facts. Bah! Do not ask me to believe that any man could be so idiotic! Only a lunatic, who wished to commit suicide by causing himself to be hanged, would act so!" "Still—I do not see— I began. "Neither do I see. I tell you, _mon ami_, it puzzles me. _Me_—Hercule Poirot!" "But if you believe him innocent, how do you explain his buying the strychnine?" "Very simply. He did _not_ buy it." "But Mace recognized him!" "I beg your pardon, he saw a man with a black beard like Mr. Inglethorp's, and wearing glasses like Mr. Inglethorp, and dressed in Mr. Inglethorp's rather noticeable clothes. He could not recognize a man whom he had probably only seen in the distance, since, you remember, he himself had only been in the village a fortnight, and Mrs. Inglethorp dealt principally with Coot's in Tadminster." "Then you think— "_Mon ami_, do you remember the two points I laid stress upon? Leave the first one for the moment, what was the second?" "The important fact that Alfred Inglethorp wears peculiar clothes, has a black beard, and uses glasses," I quoted. "Exactly. Now suppose anyone wished to pass himself off as John or Lawrence Cavendish. Would it be easy?" "No," I said thoughtfully. "Of course an actor— But Poirot cut me short ruthlessly. "And why would it not be easy? I will tell you, my friend: Because they are both clean-shaven men. To make up successfully as one of these two in broad daylight, it would need an actor of genius, and a certain initial facial resemblance. But in the case of Alfred Inglethorp, all that is changed. His clothes, his beard, the glasses which hide his eyes—those are the salient points about his personal appearance. Now, what is the first instinct of the criminal? To divert suspicion from himself, is it not so? And how can he best do that? By throwing it on someone else. In this instance, there was a man ready to his hand. Everybody was predisposed to believe in Mr. Inglethorp's guilt. It was a foregone conclusion that he would be suspected; but, to make it a sure thing there must be tangible proof—such as the actual buying of the poison, and that, with a man of the peculiar appearance of Mr. Inglethorp, was not difficult. Remember, this young Mace had never actually spoken to Mr. Inglethorp. How should he doubt that the man in his clothes, with his beard and his glasses, was not Alfred Inglethorp?" "It may be so," I said, fascinated by Poirot's eloquence. "But, if that was the case, why does he not say where he was at six o'clock on Monday evening?" "Ah, why indeed?" said Poirot, calming down. "If he were arrested, he probably would speak, but I do not want it to come to that. I must make him see the gravity of his position. There is, of course, something discreditable behind his silence. If he did not murder his wife, he is, nevertheless, a scoundrel, and has something of his own to conceal, quite apart from the murder." "What can it be?" I mused, won over to Poirot's views for the moment, although still retaining a faint conviction that the obvious deduction was the correct one. "Can you not guess?" asked Poirot, smiling. "No, can you?" "Oh, yes, I had a little idea sometime ago—and it has turned out to be correct." "You never told me," I said reproachfully. Poirot spread out his hands apologetically. "Pardon me, _mon ami_, you were not precisely _sympathique_." He turned to me earnestly. "Tell me—you see now that he must not be arrested?" "Perhaps," I said doubtfully, for I was really quite indifferent to the fate of Alfred Inglethorp, and thought that a good fright would do him no harm. Poirot, who was watching me intently, gave a sigh. "Come, my friend," he said, changing the subject, "apart from Mr. Inglethorp, how did the evidence at the inquest strike you?" "Oh, pretty much what I expected." "Did nothing strike you as peculiar about it?" My thoughts flew to Mary Cavendish, and I hedged: "In what way?" "Well, Mr. Lawrence Cavendish's evidence for instance?" I was relieved. "Oh, Lawrence! No, I don't think so. He's always a nervous chap." "His suggestion that his mother might have been poisoned accidentally by means of the tonic she was taking, that did not strike you as strange— _hein?_" "No, I can't say it did. The doctors ridiculed it of course. But it was quite a natural suggestion for a layman to make." "But Monsieur Lawrence is not a layman. You told me yourself that he had started by studying medicine, and that he had taken his degree." "Yes, that's true. I never thought of that." I was rather startled. "It _is_ odd." Poirot nodded. "From the first, his behaviour has been peculiar. Of all the household, he alone would be likely to recognize the symptoms of strychnine poisoning, and yet we find him the only member of the family to uphold strenuously the theory of death from natural causes. If it had been Monsieur John, I could have understood it. He has no technical knowledge, and is by nature unimaginative. But Monsieur Lawrence—no! And now, to-day, he puts forward a suggestion that he himself must have known was ridiculous. There is food for thought in this, _mon ami!_" "It's very confusing," I agreed. "Then there is Mrs. Cavendish," continued Poirot. "That's another who is not telling all she knows! What do you make of her attitude?" "I don't know what to make of it. It seems inconceivable that she should be shielding Alfred Inglethorp. Yet that is what it looks like." Poirot nodded reflectively. "Yes, it is queer. One thing is certain, she overheard a good deal more of that ‘private conversation' than she was willing to admit." "And yet she is the last person one would accuse of stooping to eavesdrop!" "Exactly. One thing her evidence _has_ shown me. I made a mistake. Dorcas was quite right. The quarrel did take place earlier in the afternoon, about four o'clock, as she said." I looked at him curiously. I had never understood his insistence on that point. "Yes, a good deal that was peculiar came out to-day," continued Poirot. "Dr. Bauerstein, now, what was _he_ doing up and dressed at that hour in the morning? It is astonishing to me that no one commented on the fact." "He has insomnia, I believe," I said doubtfully. "Which is a very good, or a very bad explanation," remarked Poirot. "It covers everything, and explains nothing. I shall keep my eye on our clever Dr. Bauerstein." "Any more faults to find with the evidence?" I inquired satirically. "_Mon ami_," replied Poirot gravely, "when you find that people are not telling you the truth—look out! Now, unless I am much mistaken, at the inquest to-day only one—at most, two persons were speaking the truth without reservation or subterfuge." "Oh, come now, Poirot! I won't cite Lawrence, or Mrs. Cavendish. But there's John—and Miss Howard, surely they were speaking the truth?" "Both of them, my friend? One, I grant you, but both——!" His words gave me an unpleasant shock. Miss Howard's evidence, unimportant as it was, had been given in such a downright straightforward manner that it had never occurred to me to doubt her sincerity. Still, I had a great respect for Poirot's sagacity—except on the occasions when he was what I described to myself as "foolishly pig-headed." "Do you really think so?" I asked. "Miss Howard had always seemed to me so essentially honest—almost uncomfortably so." Poirot gave me a curious look, which I could not quite fathom. He seemed to speak, and then checked himself. "Miss Murdoch too," I continued, "there's nothing untruthful about _her_." "No. But it was strange that she never heard a sound, sleeping next door; whereas Mrs. Cavendish, in the other wing of the building, distinctly heard the table fall." "Well, she's young. And she sleeps soundly." "Ah, yes, indeed! She must be a famous sleeper, that one!" I did not quite like the tone of his voice, but at that moment a smart knock reached our ears, and looking out of the window we perceived the two detectives waiting for us below. Poirot seized his hat, gave a ferocious twist to his moustache, and, carefully brushing an imaginary speck of dust from his sleeve, motioned me to precede him down the stairs; there we joined the detectives and set out for Styles. I think the appearance of the two Scotland Yard men was rather a shock—especially to John, though of course after the verdict, he had realized that it was only a matter of time. Still, the presence of the detectives brought the truth home to him more than anything else could have done. Poirot had conferred with Japp in a low tone on the way up, and it was the latter functionary who requested that the household, with the exception of the servants, should be assembled together in the drawing-room. I realized the significance of this. It was up to Poirot to make his boast good. Personally, I was not sanguine. Poirot might have excellent reasons for his belief in Inglethorp's innocence, but a man of the type of Summerhaye would require tangible proofs, and these I doubted if Poirot could supply. Before very long we had all trooped into the drawing-room, the door of which Japp closed. Poirot politely set chairs for everyone. The Scotland Yard men were the cynosure of all eyes. I think that for the first time we realized that the thing was not a bad dream, but a tangible reality. We had read of such things—now we ourselves were actors in the drama. To-morrow the daily papers, all over England, would blazon out the news in staring headlines: "MYSTERIOUS TRAGEDY IN ESSEX" "WEALTHY LADY POISONED" There would be pictures of Styles, snap-shots of "The family leaving the Inquest"—the village photographer had not been idle! All the things that one had read a hundred times—things that happen to other people, not to oneself. And now, in this house, a murder had been committed. In front of us were "the detectives in charge of the case." The well-known glib phraseology passed rapidly through my mind in the interval before Poirot opened the proceedings. I think everyone was a little surprised that it should be he and not one of the official detectives who took the initiative. "_Mesdames_ and _messieurs_," said Poirot, bowing as though he were a celebrity about to deliver a lecture, "I have asked you to come here all together, for a certain object. That object, it concerns Mr. Alfred Inglethorp." Inglethorp was sitting a little by himself—I think, unconsciously, everyone had drawn his chair slightly away from him—and he gave a faint start as Poirot pronounced his name. "Mr. Inglethorp," said Poirot, addressing him directly, "a very dark shadow is resting on this house—the shadow of murder." Inglethorp shook his head sadly. "My poor wife," he murmured. "Poor Emily! It is terrible." "I do not think, monsieur," said Poirot pointedly, "that you quite realize how terrible it may be—for you." And as Inglethorp did not appear to understand, he added: "Mr. Inglethorp, you are standing in very grave danger." The two detectives fidgeted. I saw the official caution "Anything you say will be used in evidence against you," actually hovering on Summerhaye's lips. Poirot went on. "Do you understand now, monsieur?" "No. What do you mean?" "I mean," said Poirot deliberately, "that you are suspected of poisoning your wife." A little gasp ran round the circle at this plain speaking. "Good heavens!" cried Inglethorp, starting up. "What a monstrous idea! _I_—poison my dearest Emily!" "I do not think"—Poirot watched him narrowly that you quite realize the unfavourable nature of your evidence at the inquest. Mr. Inglethorp, knowing what I have now told you, do you still refuse to say where you were at six o'clock on Monday afternoon?" With a groan, Alfred Inglethorp sank down again and buried his face in his hands. Poirot approached and stood over him. "Speak!" he cried menacingly. With an effort, Inglethorp raised his face from his hands. Then, slowly and deliberately, he shook his head. "You will not speak?" "No. I do not believe that anyone could be so monstrous as to accuse me of what you say." Poirot nodded thoughtfully, like a man whose mind is made up. "_Soit!_" he said. "Then I must speak for you." Alfred Inglethorp sprang up again. "You? How can you speak? You do not know— he broke off abruptly. Poirot turned to face us. "_Mesdames_ and _messieurs_! I speak! Listen! I, Hercule Poirot, affirm that the man who entered the chemist's shop, and purchased strychnine at six o'clock on Monday last was not Mr. Inglethorp, for at six o'clock on that day Mr. Inglethorp was escorting Mrs. Raikes back to her home from a neighbouring farm. I can produce no less than five witnesses to swear to having seen them together, either at six or just after and, as you may know, the Abbey Farm, Mrs. Raikes's home, is at least two and a half miles distant from the village. There is absolutely no question as to the alibi!" There was a moment's stupefied silence. Japp, who was the least surprised of any of us, was the first to speak. "My word," he cried, "you're the goods! And no mistake, Mr. Poirot! These witnesses of yours are all right, I suppose?" "_Voilà!_ I have prepared a list of them—names and addresses. You must see them, of course. But you will find it all right." "I'm sure of that." Japp lowered his voice. "I'm much obliged to you. A pretty mare's nest arresting him would have been." He turned to Inglethorp. "But, if you'll excuse me, sir, why couldn't you say all this at the inquest?" "I will tell you why," interrupted Poirot. "There was a certain rumour— "A most malicious and utterly untrue one," interrupted Alfred Inglethorp in an agitated voice. "And Mr. Inglethorp was anxious to have no scandal revived just at present. Am I right?" "Quite right." Inglethorp nodded. "With my poor Emily not yet buried, can you wonder I was anxious that no more lying rumours should be started." "Between you and me, sir," remarked Japp, "I'd sooner have any amount of rumours than be arrested for murder. And I venture to think your poor lady would have felt the same. And, if it hadn't been for Mr. Poirot here, arrested you would have been, as sure as eggs is eggs!" "I was foolish, no doubt," murmured Inglethorp. "But you do not know, inspector, how I have been persecuted and maligned." And he shot a baleful glance at Evelyn Howard. "Now, sir," said Japp, turning briskly to John, "I should like to see the lady's bedroom, please, and after that I'll have a little chat with the servants. Don't you bother about anything. Mr. Poirot, here, will show me the way." As they all went out of the room, Poirot turned and made me a sign to follow him upstairs. There he caught me by the arm, and drew me aside. "Quick, go to the other wing. Stand there—just this side of the baize door. Do not move till I come." Then, turning rapidly, he rejoined the two detectives. I followed his instructions, taking up my position by the baize door, and wondering what on earth lay behind the request. Why was I to stand in this particular spot on guard? I looked thoughtfully down the corridor in front of me. An idea struck me. With the exception of Cynthia Murdoch's, everyone's room was in this left wing. Had that anything to do with it? Was I to report who came or went? I stood faithfully at my post. The minutes passed. Nobody came. Nothing happened. It must have been quite twenty minutes before Poirot rejoined me. "You have not stirred?" "No, I've stuck here like a rock. Nothing's happened." "Ah!" Was he pleased, or disappointed? "You've seen nothing at all?" "No." "But you have probably heard something? A big bump—eh, _mon ami?_" "No." "Is it possible? Ah, but I am vexed with myself! I am not usually clumsy. I made but a slight gesture"—I know Poirot's gestures with the left hand, and over went the table by the bed!" He looked so childishly vexed and crest-fallen that I hastened to console him. "Never mind, old chap. What does it matter? Your triumph downstairs excited you. I can tell you, that was a surprise to us all. There must be more in this affair of Inglethorp's with Mrs. Raikes than we thought, to make him hold his tongue so persistently. What are you going to do now? Where are the Scotland Yard fellows?" "Gone down to interview the servants. I showed them all our exhibits. I am disappointed in Japp. He has no method!" "Hullo!" I said, looking out of the window. "Here's Dr. Bauerstein. I believe you're right about that man, Poirot. I don't like him." "He is clever," observed Poirot meditatively. "Oh, clever as the devil! I must say I was overjoyed to see him in the plight he was in on Tuesday. You never saw such a spectacle!" And I described the doctor's adventure. "He looked a regular scarecrow! Plastered with mud from head to foot." "You saw him, then?" "Yes. Of course, he didn't want to come in—it was just after dinner—but Mr. Inglethorp insisted." "What?" Poirot caught me violently by the shoulders. "Was Dr. Bauerstein here on Tuesday evening? Here? And you never told me? Why did you not tell me? Why? Why?" He appeared to be in an absolute frenzy. "My dear Poirot," I expostulated, "I never thought it would interest you. I didn't know it was of any importance." "Importance? It is of the first importance! So Dr. Bauerstein was here on Tuesday night—the night of the murder. Hastings, do you not see? That alters everything—everything!" I had never seen him so upset. Loosening his hold of me, he mechanically straightened a pair of candlesticks, still murmuring to himself: "Yes, that alters everything—everything." Suddenly he seemed to come to a decision. "_Allons!_" he said. "We must act at once. Where is Mr. Cavendish?" John was in the smoking-room. Poirot went straight to him. "Mr. Cavendish, I have some important business in Tadminster. A new clue. May I take your motor?" "Why, of course. Do you mean at once?" "If you please." John rang the bell, and ordered round the car. In another ten minutes, we were racing down the park and along the high road to Tadminster. "Now, Poirot," I remarked resignedly, "perhaps you will tell