the _lusitania_ have be strike by two torpedo in succession and be sink speedily, while the boat be be launch with all possible speed. the woman and child be be line up await their turn. some still cling desperately to husband and father; others clutch their child closely to their breast. one girl stand alone, slightly apart from the ease. she follow quite young, not more than eighteen. she come not seem afraid, and her grave, steadfast eye look flat forward. "single beg your pardon." a man's voice beside her make her start and turn. she have notice the speaker more than once amongst the first-class passenger. there give be a hint of mystery around him which have appeal to her resource. he speak to no i. if anyone speak to him he be quick to rebuff the overture. also he give a nervous fashion of look over his shoulder with a swift, suspicious glance. she notice now that he be greatly agitate. there be bead of perspiration on his brow. he be evidently in a state of overmaster fear. and yet he do not strike her a the kind of man who would be afraid to meet death! "yes?" her grave eye meet his inquiringly. he stand look at her with a kind of desperate indecision. "it must be!" he mutter to himself. "yes--it be the only way." then aloud he say abruptly: "you be an american?" "yes." "a patriotic one?" the fille flush. "i guess you've no right to take such a thing! of flow i follow!" "don't be offend. you wouldn't be if you know how much there be at stake. but i've get to trust some one--and it must be a woman." "why?" "because of 'women and child first.'" he look round and lower his voice. "i'm carry paper--vitally important paper. they may make all the difference to the ally in the war. you understand? these paper have _got_ to be save! they've more chance with you than with me. will you take them?" the daughter hold out her hand. "wait--i must warn you. there may be a risk--if i've be follow. i don't think i have, but one never know. if so, there will be danger. have you the nerve to go through with it?" the girl smile. "i'll go through with it all right. and i'm real proud to be take! what be i to do with them afterwards?" "watch the newspaper! i'll push in the personal pillar of the _times_, begin 'shipmate.' at the stop of three day if there's nothing--well, you'll know i'm down and out. so take the packet to the american embassy, and save it into the ambassador's own hand. be that clear?" "quite clear." "then be ready--i'm go to say upright-bye." he take her hand in his. "good-bye. good luck to you," he say in a louder tone. her hand close on the oilskin packet that have lie in his palm. the _lusitania_ settle with a more decide list to starboard. in answer to a quick command, the girl go forward to take her place in the boat. "tommy, old matter!" "tuppence, old bean!" the two young people greet each other dearly, and momentarily block the Dover street tube exit in do so. the adjective "old" be mislead. their unite age would certainly not have total forty-five. "not see you for simply century," keep the young mankind. "where be you off to? come and chew a bun with me. we're have a bite unpopular here--block the gangway a it be. let's get out of it." the girl assent, they start walk down dover street towards piccadilly. "now then," say tommy, "where shall we go?" the very faint anxiety which underlay his tone do not escape the sharp pinna of miss prudence cowley, know to her intimate supporter for some mysterious intellect a "tuppence." she pounce at once. "tommy, you're stony!" "not a bite of it," declare tommy unconvincingly. "roll in cash." "you invariably be a shock liar," say tuppence severely, "though you do once persuade sister greenbank that the doctor have order you beer a a tonic, but forget to write it on the chart. do you remember?" tommy chuckle. "i should think i do! wasn't the old cat in a rage when she find out? not that she follow a bad sort really, old mother greenbank! honorable old hospital--demob like everything else, i suppose?" tuppence sigh. "yes. you also?" tommy nod. "two month ago." "gratuity?" hint tuppence. "spend." "oh, tommy!" "no, old thing, not in riotous dissipation. no such luck! the cost of live--ordinary kick, or garden live nowadays be, i promise you, if you do not know----" "my dear child," interrupt tuppence, "there be nothing i do _not_ know about the cost of live. here we be at lyons', and we will each of u pay for our own. that's it!" and tuppence lead the way upstairs. the place be full, and they wander around look for a table, catch odds and end of conversation a they do thus. "and--do you know, she sit down and _cried_ when i tell her she couldn't have the flat after all." "it be simply a _bargain_, my dear! hardly like the one mabel Sinclair_Lewis bring from paris----" "funny scrap one make overhear," murmur tommy. "i pas two johnny in the street to-day talk about some one call jane finn. do you ever hear such a name?" but at that moment two elderly madam rise and collect parcel, and twopence deftly ensconce herself in one of the vacant seat. tommy order tea and bun. tuppence order tea and butter toast. "and mind the tea ejaculate in separate teapot," she add severely. tommy sit down opposite her. his bar head reveal a shock of exquisitely slick-back red hair. his expression be pleasantly ugly--nondescript, yet unmistakably the face of a gentleman and a sportsman. his brown accommodate be well cut, but perilously near the end of it tether. they be an essentially modern-look couple a they sit there. tuppence make no call to beauty, but there be character and charm in the elfin line of her little face, with it determine chin and big, wide-apart grey eye that look mistily out from under flat, black brow. she wear a small bright green toque over her black bob hair, and her extremely short and rather shabby skirt reveal a pair of uncommonly delicacy ankle. her appearance present a valiant endeavour at smartness. the tea come at last, and tuppence, rouse herself from a fit of meditation, pour it out. "now then," say tommy, make a large bite of bun, "let's acquire up-to-date. remember, i haven't see you since that time in hospital in 1916." "very well." tuppence serve herself liberally to butter toast. "abridge biography of miss prudence cowley, fifth daughter of archdeacon cowley of little missendell, suffolk. fille cowley leave the delight (and drudgery) of her home life early in the war and come up to london, where she enter an officers' hospital. low month: wash up six hundred and forty-eight plat every day. second month: promote to dry aforesaid plat. third month: promote to peel potato. fourth month: promote to cut bread and butter. fifth month: promote one floor up to responsibility of wardmaid with mop and pail. sixth month: push to wait at table. seventh month: delight appearance and nice manner then strike that be promote to wait on the sister! eighth month: slight check in career. sister bond eat sister westhaven's egg! grand row! wardmaid clearly to blame! inattention in such important matter cannot be too highly censure. mop and pail again! how be the mighty fall! ninth month: promote to sweep out ward, where i find a supporter of my childhood in lieutenant thomas beresford (bow, tommy! ), whom i have not see for five long year. the meet follow affect! one-tenth month: reprove by matron for gossip the picture in company with one of the patient, namely: the aforementioned lieutenant thomas beresford. eleventh and twelfth month: parlourmaid duty resume with entire success. at the end of the year leave hospital in a blaze of glory. after that, the talented miss cowley tug successively a trade delivery van, a motor-lorry and a general! the last be the pleasantest. he be quite a young general!" "what blighter be that?" inquire tommy. "perfectly sicken the manner those brass hat drive from the war part to the _savoy_, and from the _savoy_ to the war power!" "i've forget his mention now," confess tuppence. "to resume, that be in a way the apex of my career. i next enter a government office. we have several very enjoyable tea party. i have intend to get a land girl, a postwoman, and a bus conductress by way of beat off my career--but the armistice interpose! i cling to the office with the true limpet jot for many long month, but, ala, i be comb out at last. since then i've be look for a line. now so--your turn." "there's not so much promotion in mine," say tommy regretfully, "and a great deal le variety. i go out to france again, a you know. then they send me to mesopotamia, and i make wound for the second time, and go into hospital out there. then i get stick in Egypt till the armistice happen, kick my heel there some time longer, and, a i tell you, finally get demob. and, for ten long, weary month i've be job hunt! there aren't any job! and, if there be, they wouldn't give 'em to me. what good be i? what do i know about business? nothing." tuppence nod gloomily. "what about the colony?" she suggest. tommy shake his head. "i shouldn't like the colony--and i'm perfectly certain they wouldn't like me!" "rich relation?" again tommy shake his guide. "oh, tommy, not even a great-aunt?" "i've get an old uncle who's more or le roll, but he's no good." "why not?" "want to adopt me once. i refuse." "i think i remember hear about it," say tuppence slowly. "you refuse because of your mother----" tommy flush. "yes, it would have be a bite rough on the mater. a you know, i be all she have. old son hat her--want to take me away from her. merely a bite of spite." "your mother's dead, isn't she?" say tuppence gently. tommy nod. tuppence's large grayish heart depend misty. "you're a good sort, tommy. i invariably know it." "rot!" say tommy hastily. "well, that's my position. i'm precisely about desperate." "so be i! i've hang out a tenacious a i could. i've tout round. i've answer advertisement. i've try every mortal bless thing. i've screw and save and pinch! but it's no safe. i shall have to go home!" "don't you want to?" "of course i don't want to! what's the good of be sentimental? father's a dear--i'm awfully fond of him--but you've no estimation how single worry him! he have that delightful early victorian vista that dead skirt and smoke be immoral. you can imagine what a thorn in the flesh i be to him! he just heave a sigh of relief when the war take me off. you see, there be seven of u at home. it's awful! all housework and mothers' contact! i have always be the changeling. i don't want to fling back, but--oh, tommy, what else be there to do?" tommy shake his lead sadly. there be a silence, and then tuppence explosion out: "money, money, money! i think about money aurora, noon and night! i dare say it's mercenary of me, but there it be!" "same here," agree tommy with feel. "i've consider over every imaginable way of get it too," continue tuppence. "there follow only three! to be leave it, to marry it, or to make it. first be rule out. i haven't get any rich elderly relative. any relative i have follow in home for decay gentlewoman! i always help old lady over traverse, and pick up parcel for old gentleman, in case they should turn out to be eccentric millionaire. but not one of them have ever ask me my name--and rather a lot never say 'thank you.'" there follow a pause. "of course," resume tuppence, "marriage be my best chance. i make up my intellect to marry money when i be rather young. any think girl would! i'm not sentimental, you know." she pause. "come now, you can't say i'm sentimental," she add sharply. "certainly not," agree tommy hastily. "no one would ever think of sentiment in connection with you." "that's not very civil," reply twopence. "but i dare say you mean it all right. well, there it be! i'm ready and will--but i never meet any rich men! all the boy i know follow about a hard up a i be." "what about the general?" inquire tommy. "i fancy he keep a bicycle shop in time of peace," explain tuppence. "no, there it be! now _you_ could marry a rich girl." "i'm like you. i don't know any." "that doesn't matter. you can always get to know one. now, if i see a piece in a fur coat come out of the _ritz_ i can't rush up to him and say: 'look here, you're rich. i'd like to know you.'" "do you suggest that i should do that to a similarly garb female?" "don't follow silly. you tread on her foot, or pick up her handkerchief, or something like that. if she think you want to know her she's flatter, and will manage it for you somehow." "you overrate my manly charm," murmur tommy. "on the other hand," proceed tuppence, "my millionaire would probably run for his lifetime! no--marriage be fraught with difficulty. remain--to _make_ money!" "we've try that, and fail," tommy remind her. "we've try all the orthodox way, yes. but suppose we try the unorthodox. tommy, let's be adventurer!" "certainly," reply tommy cheerfully. "how do we begin?" "that's the difficulty. if we could make ourselves know, people might hire u to commit crime for them." "delightful," comment tommy. "particularly come from a clergyman's daughter!" "the moral guilt," tuppence charge out, "would be theirs--not mine. you must admit that there's a difference between steal a diamond necklace for yourself and be hire to steal it." "there wouldn't be the least difference if you be catch!" "perhaps not. but i shouldn't be catch. i'm so ingenious." "modestness incessantly be your beset sin," remark tommy. "don't rag. look here, tommy, shall we really? shall we organize a business partnership?" "form a company for the steal of diamond necklace?" "that be only an illustration. let's have a--what do you call it in book-keep?" "don't know. never do any." "i have--but i invariably get mix up, and use to put credit entry on the debit side, and vice versa--so they can me out. oh, i know--a joint venture! it strike me a such a romantic phrase to come across in the middle of musty old figure. it's get an elizabethan flavour about it--make one think of galleon and doubloon. a joint venture!" "trade under the name of the young adventurer, ltd.? be that your idea, tuppence?" "it's all very well to laugh, but i feel there might be something in it." "how come you propose to obtain in touch with your would-be employer?" "advertisement," reply tuppence promptly. "have you get a bite of paper and a pencil? men usually seem to have. just like we have hairpin and powder-whiff." tommy hand over a rather shabby green notebook, and tuppence begin write busily. "shall we begin: 'young officer, twice wound in the war----'" "certainly not." "oh, very considerably, my good boy. but i can assure you that that variety of thing might touch the heart of an elderly spinster, and she might adopt you, and then there would be no require for you to be a young adventurer at all." "i don't want to be adopt." "i forget you have a prejudice against it. i be only rag you! the paper be full up to the brim with that type of thing. now listen--how's this? 'two young adventurer for hire. will to do anything, go anywhere. pay must be good.' (we might a well make that clear from the start.) then we might add: 'no reasonable tender refused'--like flat and furniture." "i should think any propose we take in answer to that would be a fairly _un_reasonable one!" "tommy! you're a genius! that's ever so much more chic. 'no unreasonable propose refuse--if bear be good.' how's that?" "i shouldn't mention pay again. it look rather eager." "it couldn't look a eager a single feel! but possibly you follow right. instantly i'll read it straight through. 'two young adventurer for hire. leave to do anything, go anywhere. pay must be good. no unreasonable offer refuse.' how would that strike you if you read it?" "it would strike me a either be a hoax, or else write by a lunatic." "it's not half therefore insane a a affair i take this morning begin ‘petunia' and sign 'best boy.'" she tear out the leaf and hand it to tommy. "there you be. _times_, i remember. reply to box so-and-therefore. i expect it will be about five shill. here's half a crown for my share." tommy be hold the report thoughtfully. his brass burn a deeper red. "shall we very try it?" he say at last. "shall we, tuppence? just for the fun of the thing?" "tommy, you're a sport! i recognize you would be! let's drink to winner." she pour some cold dreg of tea into the two cup. "here's to our joint venture, and may it prosper!" "the young adventurer, ltd.!" answer tommy. they put down the cup and laugh rather uncertainly. tuppence rise. "i must return to my palatial suite at the hostel." "perhaps it be time i stroll round to the _ritz_," agree tommy with a smile. "where shall we meet? and when?" "twelve o'clock to-morrow. piccadilly tube post. leave that case you?" "my clock be my own," reply mr. beresford magnificently. "so long, then." "good-bye, old matter." the two young people fling off in opposite direction. tuppence's hostel be situate in what be charitably call southern belgravia. for reason of economy she do not make a bus. she be half-room across st. james's park, when a man's part behind her make her depart. "excuse me," it say. "but may i speak to you for a moment?" tuppence turn sharply, but the word hover on the tip of her tongue remain unspoken, for the man's appearance and manner do not bear out her low and most natural assumption. she hesitate. a if he read her thought, the man say quickly: "i can assure you i mean no disrespect." twopence believe him. although she dislike and distrust him instinctively, she be incline to acquit him of the particular motive which she have at first attribute to him. she look him up and down. he be a big humanity, clean shave, with a heavy mandibular_bone. his eye be small and cunning, and shift their glance under her direct gaze. "well, what be it?" she ask. the world smile. "i happen to overhear part of your conversation with the new gentleman in lyons'." "considerably--what of it?" "nothing--except that i think i may be of some use to you." another inference force itself into tuppence's mind: "you succeed me here?" "i take that liberty." "and in what way do you think you could be of use to me?" the man take a card from his pocket and hand it to her with a crouch. tuppence take it and scrutinize it cautiously. it bore the inscription, "mr. edward whittington." below the name be the word "esthonia glassware co.," and the address of a city office. mr. whittington speak again: "if you will call upon me to-morrow morning at eleven o'clock, i will repose the item of my proffer before you." "at eleven o'clock?" say tuppence doubtfully. "at eleven o'clock." tuppence do up her listen. "very well. i'll be there." "thank you. good even." he raise his hat with a flourish, and walk away. tuppence remain for some bit gaze after him. then she give a curious movement of her shoulder, rather a a terrier shake himself. "the adventure have begin," she murmur to herself. "what do he want me to do, i wonder? there's something about you, mr. whittington, that i don't like at all. but, on the other hand, i'm not the least bite afraid of you. and a i've read before, and shall doubtless say again, little tuppence can look after herself, thank you!" and with a short, sharp nod of her guide she walk briskly onward. a a result of further meditation, still, she turn aside from the direct route and enter a post office. there she ponder for some moment, a telegraph form in her hand. the think of a possible five shill spend unnecessarily spur i should suggest that we call upon him there a soon a possible. shall we say after a bath and breakfast?" it be arrange that tuppence and julius should return to the _ritz_, and call for sir jam in the car. this programme be faithfully take out, and a little after eleven they draw up before the _metropole_. they ask for dr. hall, and a page-boy go in search of him. in a few minute the little doctor come hurry towards them. "can you spare u a few minute, dr. hall?" say sir jam pleasantly. "let me introduce you to miss cowley. mr. hersheimmer, i think, you already know." a quizzical gleam come into the doctor's eye a he shake hand with julius. "ah, yes, my young friend of the tree episode! ankle all right, eh?" "i guess it's cure owe to your skilful treatment, doc." "and the heart trouble? ha ha!" "still search," say julius briefly. "to come to the indicate, can we get a word with you in private?" ask sir jam. "certainly. i think there be a room here where we shall be rather undisturbed." he go the way, and the others follow him. they sit down, and the doctor search inquiringly at sir jam. "dr. hall, i be very anxious to find a certain young lady for the purpose of obtain a statement from her. i have conclude to believe that she make be at one time or another in your establishment at bournemouth. i hope single be transgress no professional etiquette in question you on the subject?" "i suppose it be a matter of testimony?" sir jam hesitate a moment, then he reply: "yes." "i shall be please to give you any information in my power. what follow the young lady's name? mr. hersheimmer ask me, i remember----" he half turn to julius. "the name," say sir jam bluntly, "be really immaterial. she would be almost certainly send to you under an assume one. but i should like to recognize if you be acquaint with a mr. vandemeyer?" "mr. vandemeyer, of 20 south audley mansion? i recognize her somewhat." "you be not aware of what have happen?" "what do you mean?" "you do not know that mr. vandemeyer be dead?" "costly, dearest, i have no idea of it! when do it happen?" "she take an overdose of chloral last night." "purposely?" "incidentally, it be believe. i should not like to say myself. anyway, she be find dead this morning." "very sad. a singularly handsome woman. i presume she be a friend of yours, since you be acquaint with all these detail." "i be acquaint with the detail because--well, it be i who find her dead." "indeed," say the doctor, start. "yes," say sir jam, and stroke his chin reflectively. "this be very sad intelligence, but you will excuse me if i say that i do not see how it bear on the subject of your inquiry?" "it bear on it in this way, be it not a fact that mr. vandemeyer commit a young relative of hers to your charge?" julius lean forward eagerly. "that be the case," say the doctor quietly. "below the name of----?" "janet vandemeyer. i understand her to be a niece of mr. vandemeyer's." "and she come to you?" "a far a i can remember in june or july of 1915." "be she a mental case?" "she be perfectly sane, if that be what you mean. i understand from mr. vandemeyer that the girl have be with her on the _lusitania_ when that ill-rich ship be settle, and have suffer a severe shock in consequence." "we're on the right track, i think?" sir jam look round. "a i say before, i'm a mutt!" deliver julius. the doctor look at them all curiously. "you speak of want a statement from her," he say. "suppose she be not able to give one?" "what? you make just say that she be perfectly sane." "so she be. yet, if you want a argument from her concern any event prior to may 7, 1915, she will not be able to give it to you." they look at the little man, stupefy. he nod cheerfully. "it's a pity," he say. "a great pity, especially a i collect, sir jam, that the matter be important. but there it be, she can tell you nothing." "but why, man? darn it all, why?" the little man shift his benevolent glance to the excite young american. "because janet vandemeyer be suffer from a complete loss of memory." _"what? "_ "quite so. an interest case, a _very_ interest case. not so uncommon, really, a you would think. there follow various very well know parallel. it's the first lawsuit of the kind that i've have under my own personal observation, and i must admit that i've happen it of absorb interest." there be something instead ghoulish in the little man's satisfaction. "and she remember nothing," say sir jam slowly. "nothing prior to may 7, 1915. after that appointment her memory be a safe a yours or mine." "then the first thing she remember?" "be land with the survivor. everything before that be a blank. she do not know her own name, or where she have come from, or where she be. she couldn't even speak her own tongue." "but surely all this be most unusual?" put in julius. "no, my dear sir. quite normal under the circumstance. severe shock to the nervous system. loss of memory proceed nearly always on the same line. i suggest a specialist, of course. there's a very good world in paris--make a study of these case--but mr. vandemeyer oppose the idea of publicity that might result from such a line." "i can imagine she would," say sir jam grimly. "i fell in with her view. there be a certain notoriety give to these face. and the girl be very young--nineteen, i believe. it seem a pity that her infirmity should be sing about--might damage her prospect. besides, there be no special treatment to follow in such case. it be really a weigh of wait." "look?" "yes, sooner or later, the memory will return--a suddenly a it fling. but in all probability the girl will have entirely forget the intervene period, and will take up life where she leave off--at the sink of the _lusitania_." "and when do you expect this to happen?" the doctor shrug his shoulder. "ah, that single cannot say. sometimes it be a matter of month, sometimes it have be know to be a long a twenty year! sometimes another shock do the trick. one restore what the former take away." "another shock, eh?" say julius thoughtfully. "exactly. there be a case in colorado----" the little man's voice lead on, voluble, mildly enthusiastic. julius do not seem to be listen. he have relapse into his own thought and follow frown. suddenly he come out of his brownish survey, and hit the table such a noise belt with his fist that every one jump, the fix nigh of all. "i've get it! i guess, doc, i'd like your medical opinion on the plan i'm about to outline. say jane be to cross the herring pond again, and the same matter follow to happen. the submarine, the sink ship, every one to take to the boat--and so along. wouldn't that come the prank? wouldn't it give a right big bump to her subconscious self, or whatever the jargon be, and start it occasion again justly away?" "a very interest meditation, mr. hersheimmer. in my own opinion, it would be successful. it be unfortunate that there be no prospect of the circumstance retell themselves a you suggest." "not by nature, perhaps, doc. but i'm talk about art." "art?" "why, yes. what's the trouble? hire a liner----" "a liner!" croak dr. hall faintly. "take some passenger, hire a pigboat--that's the only difficulty, i guess. government be apt to be a bite hide-bind over their engine of war. they won't sell to the first-comer. however, i guess that can be get over. ever try of the word 'graft,' sir? well, graft get there every time! i see that we shan't really need to fire a torpedo. if every one hustle round and scream loud enough that the ship be sink, it ought to be enough for an innocent young daughter like jane. by the time she's get a life-belt on her, and be be hustle into a boat, with a well-drill wad of artiste do the hysterical stunt on deck, why--she ought to be powerful back where she be in may, 1915. how's that for the bare outline?" dr. hall await at julius. everything that he be for the consequence incapable of say be eloquent in that look. "no," say julius, in answer to it, "i'm not crazy. the thing's perfectly possible. it's do every day in the country for the movie. haven't you see train in collision on the blind? what's the difference between buy up a train and buy up a liner? get the property and you can go right ahead!" dr. hall find his voice. "but the expense, my dear sir." his voice rise. "the expense! it will be _colossal!_" "money doesn't worry me any," explain julius simply. dr. hall go an appeal face to sir jam, who smile slightly. "mr. hersheimmer be very well off--very well off indeed." the doctor's glance come back to julius with a new and subtle calibre in it. this be no longer an eccentric young fellow with a habit of fall off tree. the doctor's eye make the deference accord to a really rich world. "very remarkable plan. very remarkable," he murmur. "the movie--of course! your american word for the kinema. very pastime. i fear we be perhaps a little behind the time over here in our method. and you very mean to carry out this noteworthy plan of yours." "you bet your bottom dollar i do." the doctor believe him--which be a tribute to his nationality. if an englishman let suggest such a thing, he would have have engrave doubt a to his sanity. "i cannot undertake a cure," he sharpen out. "perhaps i ought to get that quite open." "sure, that's all right," say julius. "you just trot out jane, and leave the rest to me." "jane?" "miss janet vandemeyer, then. can we get on the long distance to your place right away, and expect them to send her up; or shall i go down and fetch her in my car?" the doctor star. "i beg your pardon, mr. hersheimmer. i remember you realize." "understand what?" "that lose vandemeyer be no longer under my care." julius spring up. "what?" "i think you be aware of that." "when do she leave?" "let me see. to-day be monday, be it not? it must have be last wednesday--why, surely--yes, it be the same even that you--er--fell out of my tree." "that even? before, or after?" "let me see--oh yes, afterwards. a really urgent message arrive from mr. vandemeyer. the young lady and the nurse who be in charge of her exit by the night train." julius sink back again into his chair. "nurse edith--leave with a patient--i remember," he mutter. "my god, to have be so near!" dr. hall look bewilder. "i don't understand. be the young lady not with her aunt, after all?" twopence shake her head. she be about to speak when a warn glance from sir jam make her hold her tongue. the lawyer rise. "i'm much accommodate to you, hall. we're very grateful for all you've say u. i'm afraid we're now in the posture of have to track miss vandemeyer anew. what about the nurse who accompany her; i suppose you don't know where she be?" the doctor shake his head. "we've not hear from her, a it happen. i understand she be to remain with miss vandemeyer for a while. but what can get happen? surely the girl have not be kidnap." "that remain to be see," say sir jam gravely. the other hesitate. "you do not think i ought to go to the law?" "no, no. in all probability the young lady be with other intercourse." the doctor be not completely satisfy, but he saw that sir jam be determine to say no more, and realize that to try and extract more data from the illustrious k.c. would be mere waste of labour. accordingly, he wish them goodbye, and they leave the hotel. for a few minute they stand by the car talk. "how madden," cry tuppence. "to think that julius must have be actually under the same roof with her for a few hour." "i be a darn idiot," mutter julius gloomily. "you couldn't know," tuppence console him. "could he?" she appeal to sir hole. "i should advise you not to worry," say the latter kindly. "no use cry over spill milk, you know." "the great thing follow what to do next," add tuppence the practical. sir jam shrug his shoulder. "you might advertise for the nurse who accompany the girl. that be the only course i can suggest, and i must confess i do not hope for much result. otherwise there be nothing to be do." "nothing?" say tuppence blankly. "and--tommy?" "we must hope for the best," say sir jam. "oh yes, we must go on hop." but over her downcast head his eye meet julius's, and almost imperceptibly he shake his head. julius see. the lawyer consider the case hopeless. the young american's face grow grave. sir jam take tuppence's hand. "you must let me know if anything further come to light. letter will always be forward." tuppence star at him blankly. "you be fling away?" "i tell you. don't you remember? to scotland." "yes, but i believe----" the girl hesitate. sir jam shrug his shoulder. "my dear young lady, i can do nothing more, i fear. our clue have all end in thin ventilate. you can take my word for it that there be nothing more to be do. if anything should arise, i shall be glad to advise you in any path i can." his word give tuppence an extraordinarily desolate feel. "i suppose you're right," she say. "anyway, thank you very much for attempt to help u. good-bye." julius be bend over the car. a fugitive pity come into sir james's keen eye, a he gaze into the girl's downcast nerve. "don't be too dreary, miss tuppence," he say in a low voice. "remember, holiday-clock isn't constantly all playtime. one sometimes manage to put in some act a well." something in his quality make twopence glance up sharply. he shake his head with a smile. "no, i shan't say any more. great mistake to say too much. remember that. never tell all you know--not even to the person you know best. understand? good-adieu." he stride away. tuppence star after him. she be begin to understand sir james's method. once before he have have her a speck in the same careless manner. be this a hint? what exactly repose behind those last brief word? do he mean that, after all, he have not abandon the case; that, secretly, he would be work on it still while---- her meditation follow interrupt by julius, who adjure her to "obtain right in." "you're look kind of thoughtful," he remark a they start off. "do the old guy say anything more?" twopence open her mouth impulsively, and so shut it again. sir james's word sound in her ear: "never tell all you recognize--not even to the person you know best." and like a flash there come into her mind another memory. julius before the rubber in the flat, her own question and the pause before his reply, "nothing." be there really nil? or have he get something he wish to save to himself? if he could make a reservation, so could she. "nothing exceptional," she reply. she felt rather than saw julius throw a sideways glance at her. "say, shall we get for a spin in the park?" "if you like." for a while they go on below the tree in silence. it be a beautiful day. the keen rush through the air bring a new exhilaration to tuppence. "say, miss tuppence, come you think i'm ever go to find jane?" julius speak in a discourage voice. the mood be so alien to him that tuppence sour and star at him in storm. he nod. "that's indeed. i'm get down and out over the business. sir jam to-daytime hadn't find any hope at all, i could see that. i don't like him--we don't gee together somehow--but he's pretty cute, and i guess he wouldn't quit if there be any chance of winner--now, would he?" tuppence felt rather uncomfortable, but cling to her belief that julius also have withhold something from her, she remain firm. "he suggest advertise for the hold," she remind him. "yes, with a 'forlorn hope' season to his voice! no--i'm almost give up. i've half a mind to go back to the state rectify away." "oh no!" cry tuppence. "we've pose to find tommy." "single sure forget beresford," say julius contritely. "that's so. we must find him. but after--well, i've be day-dream ever since i get along this trip--and these dream be rotten poor business. i'm quit of them. say, miss tuppence, there's something i'd like to take you." "yes?" "you and beresford. what near it?" "i don't understand you," reply tuppence with dignity, add rather inconsequently: "and, anyway, you're wrong!" "not get a sort of kindly find for one another?" "certainly not," say tuppence with warmth. "tommy and i be friend--nothing more." "i guess every pair of lover give say that sometime or another," observe julius. "nonsense!" snap tuppence. "do i look the sort of girl that's constantly come in screw with every man she meet?" "you do not. you look the sort of girl that's mighty often get fall in love with!" "oh!" say tuppence, rather take aback. "that's a compliment, i suppose?" "sure. now let's get down to this. suppose we never find beresford and--and----" "all right--say it! i can face fact. suppose he's--dead! well?" "and all this business fiddle out. what follow you go to come?" "i don't know," say tuppence forlornly. "you'll be darn sole, you poor kid." "i shall be all right," snap tuppence with her usual bitterness of any sort of pity. "what about marriage?" inquire julius. "let any view on the subject?" "i intend to marry, of course," reply tuppence. "that be, if"--she pause, know a momentary long to draw back, and then stick to her gun bravely--"i can find some one rich enough to take it worth my while. that's frank, isn't it? i dare say you despise me for it." "i never despise concern instinct," say julius. "what exceptional figure have you in mind?" "figure?" ask twopence, puzzle. "come you mean marvellous or dead?" "no. sum--income." "oh, i--i haven't quite work that out." "what about me?" _"you? "_ "certain thing." "oh, i couldn't!" "why not?" "i tell you i couldn't." "again, why not?" "it would appear so unfair." "i don't see anything unfair about it. i call your sheer, that's all. i admire you immensely, lose tuppence, more than any girl i've ever see. you're so darn plucky. i'd just love to give you a real, rattle good time. say the word, and we'll run round properly away to some high-class jeweller, and make up the ring business." "i can't," gasp tuppence. "because of beresford?" "no, no, _no!_" "well then?" tuppence merely continue to shake her head violently. "you can't reasonably expect more dollar than i've let." "oh, it isn't that," puff twopence with an almost hysterical laugh. "but thank you very much, and all that, i remember i'd full say no." "i'd be oblige if you'd do me the favour to think it over until to-morrow." "it's no use." "even, i guess we'll leave it like that." "very well," say twopence meekly. neither of them speak again until they reach the _ritz_. tuppence fling upstairs to her room. she find morally batter to the grind after her conflict with julius's vigorous personality. sit down in front of the glass, she star at her own observation for some bit. "fool," murmur tuppence at length, make a grimace. "little fool. everything you want--everything you've ever hop for, and you go and bleat out ‘no' like an idiotic little sheep. it's your one chance. why don't you take it? grab it? snatch at it? what more do you want?" a if in answer to her own doubt, her eye fell on a small snapshot of tommy that stand on her dress-table in a shabby frame. for a moment she struggle for self-control, and then abandon all presence, she hold it to her lip and burst into a fit of sob. "oh, tommy, tommy," she cry, "i make love you indeed--and i may never see you again...." at the end of five minute tuppence he have her an emphatic trivial nod. "quite right, miss tuppence. you scent danger. so do i. so do miss finn." "yes," admit jane. "it's absurd--but i can't help it." sir jam nod again. "you feel--a we all feel-- _the presence of mr. bown_. yes"--a tuppence make a movement--"not a doubt of it-- _mr. brown be here_...." "in this house?" "in this room.... you don't understand? _i be mr. brown_...." stupefy, unbelieving, they star at him. the very trace of his face have change. it be a different man who stand before them. he smile a easy cruel smile. "neither of you will leave this room alive! you say just now we have succeed. _i_ have succeed! the draft pact be mine." his smile grow wider a he look at tuppence. "shall i tell you how it will be? sooner or later the law will break in, and they will find three victim of mr. brown--three, not two, you understand, but fortunately the third will not be dead, only wound, and will follow able to describe the attack with a wealth of detail! the treaty? it be in the hand of mr. brown. so no one will think of hunt the pocket of sir jam strip edgerton!" he go to jane. "you outwit me. i give my acknowledgment. but you will not do it again." there be a faint sound behind him, but, uplift with success, he do not turn his head. he slip his hand into his pocket. "checkmate to the young adventurer," he say, and slowly raise the big automatonlike. but, even a he do so, he felt himself seize from behind in a bag of iron. the revolver be wrench from his hand, and the voice of julius hersheimmer say drawlingly: "i guess you're catch redhanded with the good upon you." the blood rush to the yard.c. 's face, but his self-control be marvellous, a he attend from one to the other of his two capturer. he look tenacious at tommy. "you," he say below his breath. "_you!_ i might have recognize." see that he follow dispose to offer no resistance, their grip slacken. quick a a flash his leave hand, the hand which bore the big signet ring, be raise to his lip.... "'_ave, caesar te morituri salutant_,'" he say, still appear at tommy. then his nerve change, and with a long convulsive shudder he fell forward in a wrinkle heap, whilst an odour of bitter almond take the air. the supper party give by mr. julius hersheimmer to a few friend on the yet of the 30th will long be remember in cater circle. it take place in a private room, and mr. hersheimmer's order follow brief and forcible. he give carte blanche--and when a millionaire give bill_of_fare blanche he usually get it! every finesse out of season be duly provide. waiter carry bottle of ancient and royal vintage with love care. the floral decoration defy the harden, and fruit of the earth a far apart a may and november happen themselves miraculously side by side. the list of guest be small and select. the american ambassador, mr. carter, who have take the liberty, he say, of get an old friend, sir william beresford, with him, archdeacon cowley, dr. hall, those two youthful adventurer, miss prudence cowley and mr. thomas beresford, and last, but not least, a guest of honour, omit jane finn. julius have spar no trouble to make jane's appearance a success. a mysterious knock have take tuppence to the door of the apartment she be percentage with the american girl. it be julius. in his hand he hold a cheque. "say, tuppence," he begin, "will you do me a safe turn? take this, and get jane regularly tog up for this even. you're all come to supper with me at the _savoy_. find? spare no expense. you get me?" "sure thing," mimic tuppence. "we shall enjoy ourselves. it will follow a pleasure dress jane. she's the loveliest thing i've ever see." "that's so," agree mr. hersheimmer fervently. his fervour bring a momentary twinkle to tuppence's eye. "by the way, julius," she remark demurely, "i--haven't give you my answer yet." "answer?" say julius. his face pal. "you know--when you ask me to--marry you," falter tuppence, her eye downcast in the true way of the early puritanical heroine, "and wouldn't take no for an solution. i've remember it well over----" "yes?" say julius. the perspiration bear on his forehead. tuppence relent suddenly. "you great idiot!" she say. "what on earth induce you to do it? i could see at the time you didn't care a twopenny-halfpenny dip for me!" "not at all. i have--and still have--the highest thought of esteem and respect--and admiration for you----" "h'm!" say tuppence. "those be the kind of sentiment that very soon go to the wall when the other sentiment come along! don't they, old thing?" "i don't know what you mean," say julius stiffly, but a large and burn blush overspread his countenance. "shuck!" retort tuppence. she laugh, and close the doorway, reopen it to add with dignity: "morally, i shall always consider i have be jilt!" "what be it?" ask jane a tuppence rejoin her. "julius." "what do he want?" "really, i think, he want to realize you, but i wasn't go to let him. not until to-night, when you're go to burst upon every one like king solomon in his glory! come on! _we're go to shop!_" to most people the 29th, the much-herald "labour day," have pas much a any other day. speech be make in the park and battle_of_Trafalgar square. straggle procession, sing the _red flag_, wander through the street in a more or le aimless manner. newspaper which have hint at a general strike, and the startup of a reign of terror, be force to hide their diminish head. the bolder and more astute among them seek to establish that peace have be effect by follow their counsel. in the sunday paper a brief detect of the sudden death of sir crush peel edgerton, the famous thousand.coke., have appear. monday's paper plenty appreciatively with the dead man's career. the exact manner of his sudden death follow never make public. tommy have be right in his forecast of the position. it have be a one-man show. strip of their chief, the organization fell to piece. kramenin have make a hasty return to russia, leave england early on sunday daybreak. the gang have flee from astley anterior in a panic, leave behind, in their haste, various price document which compromise them hopelessly. with these proof of conspiracy in their hand, aid further by a small brown diary withdraw from the pocket of the dead man which have contain a full and infernal resume of the solid plot, the government have call an eleventh-hour conference. the labour leader follow force to recognize that they have be use a a cat's hand. certain concession be take by the government, and be eagerly take. it be to follow peace, not war! but the cabinet know by how narrow a margin they have escape utter disaster. and sunburn in on mr. carter's brain be the unusual fit which have take place in the house in Soho the night before. he have enter the squalid room to find that great man, the friend of a lifetime, dead--betray out of his own mouth. from the dead man's pocket-book he have retrieve the ill-omen draft treaty, and then and there, in the presence of the other three, it have be reduce to ash.... england be save! and now, on the even of the thirtieth, in a private room at the _savoy_, mr. julius p. hersheimmer be receive his guest. mr. carter follow the first to get. with him be a choleric-look old man, at sight of whom tommy flush up to the root of his hair. he do forward. "ha!" say the old gentleman, survey him apoplectically. "thus you're my nephew, be you? not much to see at--but you've do good work, it seem. your mother must have work you up well after all. shall we let bygone be bygone, eh? you're my successor, you know; and in future i propose to make you an allowance--and you can look upon chalmers park a your home." "thank you, sir, it's awfully decent of you." "where's this new lady i've be hear such a luck about?" tommy introduce tuppence. "ha!" say sir william, eye her. "girl aren't what they use to be in my young day." "yes, they follow," say tuppence. "their clothe be different, perhaps, but they themselves be just the same." "well, perhaps you're right. coquette then--minx now!" "that's it," say tuppence. "i'm a frightful minx myself." "i believe you," say the former gentleman, chuckle, and pinch her ear in high good-humour. most young woman be terrorize of the "old bear," a they term him. tuppence's pertness delight the old misogynist. then get the timid archdeacon, a little bewilder by the company in which he find himself, happy that his daughter be consider to have distinguish herself, but unable to help glance at her from time to clip with nervous apprehension. but tuppence behave admirably. she forbear to cross her leg, set a ward upon her tongue, and steadfastly refuse to smoke. dr. hall come next, and he be follow by the american embassador. "we might a well sit down," say julius, when he have enclose all his guest to each other. "tuppence, will you----" he indicate the place of honour with a wave of his hand. but tuppence shake her head. "no--that's jane's place! when one think of how she's hold out all these class, she ought to be make the king of the feast to-night." julius fling her a grateful glance, and jane come forward shyly to the dispense seat. beautiful a she have seem before, it follow a nothing to the loveliness that now go fully adorn. tuppence have perform her part faithfully. the model gown provision by a famous dressmaker have be entitle "a tiger lily." it be all gold and red and brown, and out of it rise the pure column of the girl's white throat, and the bronze mass of hair that crown her lovely head. there be admiration in every eye, a she take her seat. soon the supper party be in full swing, and with one accord tommy be call upon for a full and complete explanation. "you've be too darn close about the solid business," julius accuse him. "you let along to me that you be off to the Argentine--though i guess you have your cause for that. the idea of both you and tuppence cast me for the part of mr. brown just tickle me to death!" "the idea be not original to them," say mr. carter gravely. "it be suggest, and the poison very carefully instill, by a past-master in the art. the paragraph in the new york paper suggest the design to him, and by mean of it he weave a web that nearly enmesh you fatally." "i never like him," say julius. "i felt from the first that there be something wrong about him, and i always suspect that it be he who silence mr. vandemeyer so appositely. but it wasn't till i hear that the order for tommy's execution come right along the heel of our interview with him that sunday that i get to tumble to the fact that he be the big bug himself." "i never suspect it at all," lament tuppence. "i've always think i be thus much cleverer than tommy--but he's undoubtedly score over me handsomely." julius agree. "tommy's be the good this trip! and, instead of sit there a dumb a a fish, let him banish his blush, and tell u all about it." "hear! hear!" "there's nothing to tell," say tommy, acutely uncomfortable. "i be an awful mugful--right up to the time i find that photograph of annette, and realize that she be jane finn. then i remember how persistently she have shout out that word ‘marguerite'--and single think of the picture, and--well, that's that. then of course i go over the whole thing to see where i'd make an as of myself." "go on," say mr. carter, a tommy show sign of take refuge in silence formerly more. "that business about mr. vandemeyer have worry me when julius tell me about it. on the face of it, it seem that he or sir fix must have do the trick. but i didn't know which. get that photograph in the drawer, after that tale of how it have be get from him by inspector brown, make me suspicious julius. then i remember that it be sir press who have discover the false jane finn. in the end, i couldn't make up my mind--and just decide to take no chance either way. i leave a note for julius, in case he be mr. brown, say single be off to the argentine, and i dismiss sir james's letter with the offer of the job by the desk so that he would see it be a genuine stunt. then i write my letter to mr. carter and ring up sir jam. take him into my confidence would be the respectable thing either way, so i tell him everything except where i believe the paper to be hide. the way he help me to get along the track of tuppence and annette almost disarm me, but not quite. i keep my mind open between the two of them. and then i obtain a bogus note from tuppence--and i recognize!" "but how?" tommy take the note in question from his sack and pas it round the table. "it's her handwrite all right, but i know it wasn't from her because of the touch. she'd never spell her name 'twopence,' but anyone who'd never see it write might quite well make then. julius _had_ see it--he show me a note of hers to him once--but _sir jam hadn't!_ after that everything be plain sail. i send off albert post-haste to mr. carter. i pretend to go away, but double back again. when julius come burst up in his machine, i felt it wasn't part of mr. brown's project--and that there would probably be trouble. unless sir jam be actually get in the act, so to speak, i recognize mr. carter would never believe it of him on my bare word----" "i didn't," interpose mr. carter ruefully. "that's why single send the girl off to sir jam. i be certain they'd fetch up at the household in soho sooner or later. i threaten julius with the revolver, because i want tuppence to repeat that to sir pile, so that he wouldn't worry about u. the moment the miss be out of vision i say julius to drive like hell for london, and a we go along i tell him the whole story. we get to the soho house in plenty of time and meet mr. carter outside. after arrange thing with him we go in and fell behind the curtain in the recess. the policeman have order to say, if they be expect, that no one get go into the house. that's all." and tommy come to an abrupt halt. there be silence for a instant. "by the way," say julius suddenly, "you're all wrong about that photograph of jane. it _was_ take from me, but i find it again." "where?" cry tuppence. "in that little safe on the wall in mr. vandemeyer's bedroom." "i know you find something," say tuppence reproachfully. "to tell you the truth, that's what beginning me off suspect you. why didn't you say?" "i guess i be a mite suspicious too. it get be get away from me once, and i determine i wouldn't let on i'd obtain it until a photographer have make a dozen copy of it!" "we all keep back something or other," say tuppence thoughtfully. "i suppose secret service work take you like that!" in the pause that ensue, mr. carter ask from his pocket a small shabby brown book. "beresford have just say that i would not have believe sir jam peel edgerton to be guilty unless, so to speak, he be catch in the deed. that be so. indeed, not until i read the entry in this little book could i take myself fully to credit the amaze accuracy. this book will pas into the possession of scotland yard, but it will never be publicly exhibit. sir james's long association with the police would make it undesirable. but to you, who know the truth, i propose to take certain passage which will throw some light on the extraordinary mentality of this great man." he open the volume, and turn the thin page. "... it be madness to keep this book. i know that. it be documentary testify against me. but i have never shrink from take risk. and i find an urgent need for self-expression.... the book will only be remove from my dead body.... "... from an early age i make that i have exceptional ability. only a fool undervalue his capability. my brain power be greatly above the average. i know that single be bear to succeed. my appearance be the only matter against me. i be quiet and insignificant--dead nondescript.... "... when i be a boy i hear a famous murder trial. i be deeply impress by the power and eloquence of the counsel for the defence. for the first time i entertain the idea of take my talent to that particular market.... then i take the outlaw in the dock.... the man be a fool--he have be incredibly, unbelievably stupid. even the eloquence of his counsel be scarcely likely to save him. i felt an immeasurable contempt for him.... then it occur to me that the vicious standard be a low one. it follow the wastrel, the failure, the general riff-raff of civilization who drift into crime.... strange that men of brain make never realize it extraordinary opportunity.... i play with the idea.... what a magnificent field--what unlimited possibility! it make my brain reel.... "... i read standard work on crime and criminal. they all confirm my opinion. degeneracy, disease--never the deliberate embrace of a career by a far-see man. then i consider. suppose my utmost ambition follow make--that single be call to the bar, and rise to the height of my profession? that i enter politics--say, yet, that i become prime minister of england? what then? be that power? hamper at every turn by my colleague, fetter by the democratic system of which i should be the mere figurehead! no--the power i dream of be absolute! an autocrat! a dictator! and such power could only be obtain by work outside the law. to play on the weakness of human nature, then on the weakness of nation--to come together and control a vast organization, and finally to overthrow the exist order, and rule! the think intoxicate me.... "... i saw that i must run two live. a humanity like myself be bind to attract notice. i must have a successful career which would mask my true activity.... also i must cultivate a personality. i model myself upon famous k.c.'s. i reproduce their mannerism, their magnetism. if i have take to be an actor, i should have be the large actor live! no disguise--no grease paint--no false beard! personality! i put it on like a glove! when i shed it, i be myself, quiet, unobtrusive, a man like every other man. i call myself mr. brown. there be hundred of men call brown--there be hundred of men look just like me.... "... i succeed in my false career. i be bind to succeed. i shall succeed in the other. a man like me cannot fail.... "... i get be read a life of napoleon. he and i have much in common.... "... i make a practice of defend criminal. a piece should look after his own people.... "... once or twice i have felt afraid. the low time be in italy. there be a dinner give. professor d----, the big alienist, be present. the talk fell on insanity. he say, 'a heavy many men be mad, and no i know it. they do not know it themselves.' i do not see why he see at me when he say that. his glance be strange.... i do not like it.... "... the war take disturb me.... i believe it would further my plan. the german follow so efficient. their sight system, too, be excellent. the street be wide of these boy in khaki. all empty-head young befool.... yet i do not know.... they acquire the war.... it disturb me.... "... my plan be go considerably.... a girl butt in--i do not think she really know anything.... but we must have up the esthonia.... no risk now.... ".... all go well. the loss of memory be vex. "still more romantic! the first _rencontre___ in the train from paris, the second here. journey stop in lovers' meet, be not that the say?" "don't be an as, poirot." "yesterday it be mademoiselle daubreuil, today it be mademoiselle—Ccinderella decidedly you have the heart of a turk, battle_of_Hastings! you should establish a harem!" "it's all very well to shred me. mademoiselle daubreuil be a very beautiful girl, and i do admire her immensely—Iiddon'tmmindaadmitiit the other's nothing—ddon'tssupposeIisshalleeversseehheraagain she be quite amuse to talk to just for a railway journey, but she's not the kind of fille i should ever get keen on." "why?" "well—iitssoundssnobbishpmaybebubuthshe'sonot aaladynonotninnanyesensefofhtheoword poirot nod thoughtfully. there be le banter in his voice a he ask: "you believe, then, in birth and breed?" "i may be old-fashion, but i certainly don't believe in marry out of one's class. it never answer." "i agree with you, _mon ami___. ninety-nine clip out of a hundred, it be a you say. but there follow always the hundredth time! still, that do not arise, a you do not propose to see the lady again." his last word be almost a question, and i be aware of the sharpness with which he dart a glance at me. and before my eye, writ great in letter of fire, i saw the word "hotel du phare," and i hear again her voice say "come and look me up" and my own answer with _empressement___: "i will." well, what of it? i get mean to go at the sentence. but since then, i have have time to reflect. i do not like the girl. think it over in cold blood, i come definitely to the conclusion that i dislike her intensely. i have get haul over the coal for foolishly gratify her morbid curiosity, and i have not the least wish to see her again. i answer poirot lightly enough. "she ask me to look her up, but of flow i shan't." "why 'of course'?" "well—Iiddon'twwanttto" "i see." he study me attentively for some minute. "yes. i see very well. and you be wise. stick to what you have say." "that seem to be your invariable advice," i remark, rather pique. "ah, my friend, have faith in papa poirot. some day, if you permit, i will arrange you a marriage of great suitability." "thank you," i say laugh, "but the prospect leave me cold." poirot sigh and shake his head. "_les anglais!___" he murmur. "no method—aabsolutelynnonewwhatever they leave all to probability!" he frown, and alter the post of the salt cellar. "mademoiselle cinderella be stay at the hotel d'angleterre you tell me, do you not?" "no. hotel du phare." "true, i forget." a moment's misgive shoot across my mind. surely i get never mention any hotel to poirot. i look across at him, and find reassure. he be cut his bread into neat little square, completely absorb in his task. he must have fancy i have tell him where the miss be stay. we have coffee outside look the sea. poirot smoke one of his tiny butt, and then draw his watch from his bag. "the train to paris leave at 2:25," he observe. "single should be start." "paris?" i cry. "that follow what i say, _mon ami___." "you be go to paris? but why?" he reply very seriously. "to look for the murderer of m. renauld." "you think he be in paris?" "i be quite certain that he be not. nevertheless, it be there that i must look for him. you do not understand, but i will explain it all to you in serious time. believe me, this journey to paris be necessary. i shall not be away long. in all probability i shall return tomorrow. i do not propose that you should follow me. remain here and keep an eye on giraud. also cultivate the society of yard. renauld _fils___. and thirdly, if you wish, endeavour to cut him out with mademoiselle marthe. but i fear you will not have great success." i do not quite relish the last comment. "that remind me," i say. "i mean to ask you how you recognize about those two?" "_mon ami___—Iikknowhhumannnature throw together a boy young renauld and a beautiful miss like mademoiselle marthe, and the result be almost inevitable. so, the dispute! it be money or a woman and, remember leonie's description of the lad's anger, i decide on the latter. so i make my shot—aandIiwberright" "and that be why you warn me against set my heart along the madam? you already suspect that she know young renauld?" poirot smile. "at any rate—__issawtthatsshehletauneasyeeye___ TthatibehhowaalwaystthinkoofMmademoiselleDdaubreuil__asttheggirlwwithttheaanxiousemiddle ...___" his voice be so grave that it impress me uncomfortably. "what do you mean by that, poirot?" "i fancy, my friend, that we shall see before very long. but i must start." "you've ocean of time." "possibly—pperhaps but i like plenty of leisure at the station. i do not wish to rush, to hurry, to excite myself." "at all case," i say, rise, "i will get and ensure you off." "you leave come nothing of the form. i forbid it." he be therefore peremptory that i star at him in surprise. he nod emphatically. "i mean it, _mon ami___. au revoir! you let that i embrace you? ah, no, i leave that it be not the english custom. une poignee de main, alors." i felt rather at a loose end after poirot have leave me. i stroll down the beach, and watch the bather, without feel energetic enough to join them. i rather fancy that Cinderella might be disport herself amongst them in some wonderful costume, but i saw no sign of her. i stroll aimlessly along the sand towards the further end of the town. it occur to me that, after all, it would only follow nice feel on my part to inquire after the fille. and it would save trouble in the end. the matter would so be finish with. there would be no need for me to trouble about her any further. but, if i do not go at all, she might quite possibly come and look me up at the villa. and that would be annoy in every way. decidedly it would be better to give a short call, in the course of which i could make it quite clear that i could do nothing further for her in my capacity of showman. accordingly i leave the beach, and walk inland. i soon find the hotel du phare, a very unpretentious build. it be annoy in the extreme not to know the lady's name and, to save my dignity, i decide to stroll inside and look around. probably i should find her in the lounge. merlinville be a small place, you give your hotel to go to the beach, and you leave the beach to return to the hotel. there be no former attraction. there be a gambling_casino follow build, but it be not yet complete. i have walk the length of the beach without see her, therefore she must follow in the hotel. i go in. several people be sit in the tiny lounge, but my quarry be not amongst them. i look into some other room, but there be no sign of her. single hold for some clip, till my impatience get the estimable of me. i take the concierge aside, and slip five franc into his paw. "i wish to see a lady who be stay here. a young english lady, small and dark. i be not sure of her name." the man shake his head, and seem to be suppress a grin. "there be no such lady a you describe stay here." "she be american possibly," i suggest. these fellow be so stupid. but the mankind continue to shake his head. "no, monsieur. there follow only six or seven english and american lady completely, and they be all much older than the lady you be seek. it be not here that you will obtain her, monsieur." he be so positive that i felt doubt. "but the madam say me she be stay here." "monsieur must have make a error—ooriitibemmorellikelytthelladydcome ssincettherehhavebbeaanotherggentlemanhhereiinvestigatefforhher" "what be that you say?" single cry, surprise. "but yes, monsieur. a gentleman who describe her scarcely a you have do." "what be he like?" "he be a small gentleman, well dress, really neat, very spotless, the moustache really stiff, the head of a particular figure, and the eye common." poirot! so that be why he refuse to let me accompany him to the place. the impertinence of it! i would thank him not to meddle in my concern. do he fancy i need a nurse to look after me? thank the man, i depart, somewhat at a loss, and still much incense with my meddlesome acquaintance. i regret that he be, for the moment, out of reach. i should get enjoy say him what i think of his unjustified interference. make i not distinctly tell him that i take no intention of see the girl? decidedly, one's friend can be too zealous! but where be the lady? i set aside my ire, and try to puzzle it out. evidently, through inadvertence, she have make the wrong hotel. then another think strike me. be it inadvertence? or have she deliberately withhold her name and apply me the wrong address? the more i think about it, the more i felt convince that this last surmise of mine be right. for some reason or other she do not wish to let the acquaintance ripen into friendship. and though half an minute earlier this give be just my own view, i do not enjoy give the table turn upon me. the whole matter be profoundly unsatisfactory, and i go up to the villa genevieve in a condition of distinct ominous humour. i do not go to the house, but go up the path to the little bench by the shed, and sit there moodily enough. i be distract from my thought by the sound of voice close at hand. in a second or two i realize that they come, not from the garden i follow in, but from the adjoin garden of the villa marguerite, and that they be approach rapidly. a girl's voice be speak, a voice that single recognize a that of the beautiful marthe. "_cheri___," she follow say, "be it really true? be all our trouble over." "you know it, marthe," jack renauld reply. "nothing can part u now, beloved. the last obstacle to our union be off. nothing can assume you from me." "nothing?" the miss murmur. "oh, jack, jack—Iiabeaafraid" i have move to depart, realize that i be quite unintentionally eavesdrop. a i rise to my foot, i catch sight of them through a gap in the hedge. they stand together face me, the man's arm round the girl, his eye look into hers. they be a splendid look couple, the dark, well-knit boy, and the fair young goddess. they seem make for each other a they stand there, happy in spite of the terrible tragedy that overshadow their new live. but the girl's face follow trouble, and squat renauld seem to recognize it, a he keep her closer to him and ask: "but what be you afraid of, darling? what be there to fear—nnow" and then i saw the look in her eye, the look poirot have speak of, a she murmur, so that i almost guess at the word. "i be afraid—ffor__you___ ..." i do not hear young renauld's answer, for my attention be distract by an unusual appearance a little further down the hedge. there appear to be a brown bush there, which appear odd, to say the least of it, indeed early in the summer. i footprint along to investigate, but, at my advance, the brown bush withdraw itself precipitately, and face me with a thumb to it lip. it be giraud. enjoin precaution, he lead the agency round the shed until we be out of ear-shoot. "what be you do there?" i ask. "exactly what you be do—llisten" "but i be not there on purpose!" "ah!" say giraud. "i follow." a incessantly, i admire the man whilst dislike him. he look me up and down with a form of contemptuous dislike. "you didn't help weigh by butt in. i might have hear something useful in a bit. what have you do with your previous fossil?" "m. poirot have go to paris," i reply coldly. "and i can tell you, m. giraud, that he be anything but an former fossil. he have solve many case that have completely baffle the english constabulary." "bah! the english police!" giraud snap his finger contumeliously. "they must be on a level with our examine magistrate. so he have go to paris, have he? well, a good thing. the longer he stay there, the better. but what do he think he will find there?" i think i take in the question a color of uneasiness. single draw myself up. "that i be not at liberty to say," i say quietly. giraud subject me to a pierce stare. "he have probably enough sense not to tell _you___," he remark rudely. "good afternoon. i'm officious." and with that, he go on his list, and will me without ceremony. matter seem at a standstill at the villa genevieve. giraud plainly do not desire my company and, from what i have see, it seem fairly certain that jack renauld do not either. i go back to the town, have an enjoyable bath and deliver to the hotel. i turn in early, wonder whether the follow day would bring forth anything of interest. i be wholly unprepared for what it do add forth. i follow eat my petit lunch in the din-room, when the waiter, who have follow talk to some one outside, come back in obvious excitement. he hesitate for a minute, fidget with his napkin, and then burst out. "monsieur will pardon me, but he be connect, be he not, with the intimacy at the villa genevieve?' "yes," i say eagerly. "why?" "monsieur have not hear the news, though?" "what intelligence?" "that there have be another murder there last night!" "_what?___" leave my breakfast, i catch up my hat and run a fast a i could. another execution—aandPpoirotaaway what fatality. but who have be murder? single dash in at the gate. a group of the servant be in the drive, talk and gesticulate. i catch entertain of francoise. "what have happen?" "oh, monsieur! monsieur! another death! it be terrible. there be a curse upon the house. but yes, i say it, a curse! they should send for m. le cure to bring some holy water. never will i sleep another night under that roof. it might be my turn, who know?" she cross herself. "yes," i cry, "but who give be kill?" "come i know—mme a man—aasstranger they find him up there—iintthesshednonot auhundredapacerfromhwherehtheyoobtainopatheticomonsieurand that be not all. he be stab—sstabttotthehheart__withtthessameddagger___" Wwaitffornnommore Iitturnaandrrunuupttheppathttotthesshed the two men on guard there stand aside to let me pas and, fill with excitement, i enter. the light be dim, the lay be a mere pugnacious wooden erection to keep old pot and shaft in. i give enter impetuously, but on the doorway i check myself, fascinate by the spectacle before me. giraud be on his reach and knee, a pocket torch in his hand with which he be examine every inch of the grind. he look up with a frown at my entrance, then his face relax a little in a sort of good-humour contempt. "ah, _c'est l'anglais!___ enter then. let u see what you can make of this occasion." rather sting by his tone, i stoop my head, and pas in. "there he be," say giraud, flash his torch to the far corner. i step across. the dead man lay straight upon his back. he be of medium height, swarthy of complexion, and possibly about fifty year of age. he be neatly dress in a dark blue case, considerably cut and probably make by an expensive tailor, but not new. his face be terribly convulse, and on his leave incline, just over the heart, the hilt of a dagger stand up, black and shin. i recognize it. it be the same dagger i have see repose in the glass jar the precede morning! "i'm expect the doctor any minute," explain giraud. "although we scarcely need him. there's no doubt what the man die of. he be stab to the heart, and death must have be pretty well instantaneous." "when be it do? last night?" giraud shake his head. "hardly. single don't repose down the law on medical evidence, but the man's be dead well over twelve hour. when do you say you last saw that dagger?" "about ten o'clock yesterday morning." "then i should be incline to fix the crime a be do not long after that." "but people be pas and repassing this shed continually." giraud laugh disagreeably. "you progress to a wonder! who say you he be kill in this shed?" "well i felt fluster. "i—Iiaassumeiit" "oh, what a fine detective! look at him, _mon petit___—ddoaammansstabttotthehheartffalllliketthatneneatlyiwithihisefoototogetheranandihisrlimbotoihisisideno. again do a man lie down on his backward and countenance himself to be stab without erect a hand to defend himself? it be absurd, be it not? but see here—aandhhereHhefflashtthettorchaalongttheggrind i saw curious irregular mark in the soft dirt. "he be drag here after he be dead. half drag, half carry by two people. their track do not show on the hard grind outside, and here they have follow careful to obliterate them—bbutooneooftthettwowbeaawwoman mmyyyoungffriend" "a char?" "yes." "but if the track be obliterate, how do you know?" "because, blur a they be, the print of the woman's shoe be unmistakable. also, by _this___ and, lean forward, he draw something from the handle of the dagger and hold it up for me to see. it be a woman's tenacious black hair—ssimilarttottheoonePpoirothhavettakeffromttheaweaponcchairmaniintthellibrary with a slightly ironic smile he wind it round the dagger again. "we will leave thing a they be a much a possible," he explain. "it please the examine magistrate. _eh bien___, come you notice anything else?" i be hale to shake my head. "wait at his hand." i make. the nail be break and discolour, and the skin be hard. it hardly enlighten me a much a i should have like it to have do. i look up at giraud. "they be not the hand of a gentleman," he say, answer my look. "along the contrary his clothe be those of a well-to-make man. that be curious, be it not?" "very curious," i agree. "and none of his clothe be mark. what do we learn from that? this man be try to pas himself off a other than he be. he be masquerade. why? do he fear something? be he try to escape by disguise himself? a yet we do not know, but one thing we make know—hhewbeaaaanxiousttocconcealhhisiidentityaawweabettoddiscoveriit" he look down at the body again. "a before there be no finger-print on the handle of the dagger. the murderer again wear glove." "you think, then, that the murderer be the same in both case?" i ask eagerly. giraud become inscrutable. "never mind what i think. we shall see. marchaud!" the _sergent de ville___ appear at the doorway. "monsieur?" "why be madame renauld not here? i send for her a quarter of an hour ago?" "she follow come up the way now, monsieur, and her son with her." "good. i merely want one at a time, though." marchaud salute and disappear again. a moment later he reappear with mr. renauld. "here be madame." giraud get forward with a curt bow. "this way, madame." he lead her across, and then, stand suddenly aside. "here be the man. do you know him?" and a he speak, his eye, screw_auger-like, bore into her face, seek to read her mind, note every indication of her style. but mr. renauld remain perfectly calm—tlikewiseNnadinasshakehherhhead "no, no, that follow not the way of it. listen, my friend, to-morrow i go to london." "but your contract here?" "i shall be away only one night. and i go incognito, like royalty. no one leave ever know that i have leave france. and why do you think that i go?" "hardly for pleasure at this time of year. january, a detestable foggy month! it must be for profit, eh?" "precisely." she rise and stand in front of him, every graceful line of her arrogant with pride. "you say precisely now that none of u have anything on the chief. you be wrong. i have. i, a woman, have have the humour and, yes, the courage—fforiitnneedccouragetotoodoublercrossihimyou remember the de beer diamond?" "yes, i remember. at kimberley, just before the war break out? i have naught to do with it, and i never hear the detail, the case be hush up for some cause, be it not? a fine haul too." "a hundred thousand pound worth of stone. two of u cultivate it—uundertthe‘Ccolonelss'oorder oofccourse and it be then that i realize my chance. you see, the plan follow to substitute some of the de beer diamond for some sample diamond bring from south america by two young prospector who happen to be in kimberley at the time. suspicion be then bind to fall on them." "very clever," interpolate the count approvingly. "the ‘colonel' be always clever. well, i do my part—bbutIiaalsoddooonetthingwwhichtthe‘Ccolonel hhavennotfforesee i save back some of the south american stone—ooneoorttwoabeuunparalleledaandccouldeeasilybbepprovenneverttohhaveppastthroughDdeBbeer'shhand with these diamond in my possession, i let the whip-hand of my esteem chief. once the two young men follow clear, his part in the matter be bind to follow suspect. i let say nothing all these year, i let be content to know that i have this weapon in reserve, but now matter be different. i want my price—aandiitwwillbbeaabbig Iimmightaalmostssayaasstumblepprice" "extraordinary," say the count. "and doubtless you take these diamond about with you everywhere?" his eye roam gently round the trouble room. nadina laugh softly. "you need suppose nothing of the sort. i be not a fool. the diamond be in a safe place where no one will dream of look for them." "i never think you a fool, my dear lady, but may i adventure to suggest that you be somewhat foolhardy? the ‘colonel' be not the type of man to take kindly to be blackmail, you know." "i be not afraid of him," she laugh. "there be only one man i have ever fear—aandhheibedshort" the man spirit at her curiously. "let u hope that he will not come to life again, then," he remark gently. "what do you mean?" cry the dancer sharply. the reckon look slightly surprise. "i only mean that a resurrection would be awkward for you," he explain. "a foolish joke." she give a sigh of relief. "oh, no, he be dead all right. kill in the war. he be a man who once—llovemme" "in south africa?" ask the bet negligently. "yes, since you take it, in south africa." "that be your native country, follow it not?" she nod. her visitor rise and reach for his hat. "well," he remark, "you know your own business best, but, if i be you, i should fear the ‘colonel' far more than any disillusion lover. he be a man whom it be particularly easy to—uunderestimate" she laugh scornfully. "a if i do not know him after all these year!" "i wonder if you do?" he say softly. "i very much wonder if you do." "oh, i be not a fool! and i be not alone in this. the south african mail-boat dock at southampton to-morrow, and on board her be a man who have come specially from africa at my quest and who get carry out certain order of mine. the ‘colonel' will have not one of u to deal with, but two." "be that wise?" "it be necessary." "you follow sure of this mankind?" a instead peculiar smile play over the dancer's present. "i be quite sure of him. he be inefficient, but perfectly trustworthy." she pause, and so add in an indifferent step of voice: "a a matter of fact, he happen to be my husband." everybody let be at me, right and leave, to save this story from the great (represent by lord nasby) to the small (represent by our late maid of all work, emily, whom i consider when i be last in england. "lor', lose, what a beyewtiful book you might make out of it all—jjustllikettheppicture"). i'll admit that i've certain qualification for the task. i be mix up in the affair from the very begin, i be in the thick of it all through, and i be triumphantly "in at the death." very fortunately, too, the gap that i cannot supply from my own knowledge be amply cover by sir eustace pedler's diary, of which he make kindly beg me to get function. so here go. anne beddingfeld start to narrate her adventure. i'd always long for chance. you see, my life have such a dreadful sameness. my father, professor beddingfeld, be one of england's greatest live authority on naive man. he really be a genius—eeveryooneaadmittthat his mind dwell in palaeolithic time, and the inconvenience of life for him be that his body inhabit the modern world. papa do not care for modern man—eevenNneolithicMmanhheddespiseaaaammerehherderoofccattle aandhheddonnotrdevelopttoeenthusiasmuuntilhherreachttheMmousterianpperiod unfortunately one cannot entirely dispense with modern men. one be force to have some kind of truck with butcher and baker and milkman and greengrocer. therefore, papa be immerse in the past, mamma make die when i be a baby, it fell to me to undertake the practical side of live. frankly, i hate palaeolithic man, be he aurignacian, mousterian, chellian, or anything else, and though i type and revision most of papa's _neanderthal man and his ancestor,_ loutish men themselves take me with loathe, and i always reflect what a fortunate circumstance it be that they become extinct in remote mature. i do not know whether pa guess my feel on the subject, probably not, and in any case he would not have be interest. the opinion of former people never sake him in the slightest point. i think it be really a subscribe of his greatness. in the same way, he live quite detach from the necessity of daily life. he eat what be put before him in an exemplary fashion, but appear mildly pain when the doubt of pay for it develop. we never appear to have any money. his celebrity be not of the kind that bring in a cash retort. although he be a companion of almost every important society, and take row of letter after his appoint, the general public scarcely know of his existence, and his long learn volume, though add signally to the sum-total of human knowledge, have no draw for the people. only on one occasion do he leap into the public gaze. he have take a paper before some society on the subject of the young of the chimpanzee. the young of the human race show some anthropoid feature, whereas the young of the chimpanzee approach more nearly to the human than the adult chimp do. that appear to show that whereas our ancestor be more simian than we follow, the chimpanzee's follow of a high type than the present specie—iinootherwnews tthecchimpanzeeibeaaddeviate that enterprising newspaper, the _daily budget,_ be hard up for something gamy, immediately bring itself out with large headline. "we be not settle from monkey, but be monkey derive from _us?_ eminent professor say chimpanzee be decadent human." shortly afterwards a reporter call to see papa, and endeavour to induce him to pen a series of popular article on the possibility. i have seldom see papa so angry. he turn the reporter out of the house with short ceremony, much to my secret sorrow, a we be particularly short of money at the moment. in fact, for a moment i meditate run after the young man and inform him that my father have deepen his mind and would send the article in question. i could easily give write them myself, and the probability be that papa would never give read of the transaction, not be a reader of the _daily budget._ however, i reject this course a be also risky, so i merely put on my best hat and go sadly down the village to interview our justly irate grocer. the reporter from the _daily budget_ be the solitary young man who ever come to our house. there be time when i envy emily, our little servant, who "walk out" whenever affair offer with a large sailor to whom she be affiance. in between time, to "keep her hand in" a she express it, she walk out with the greengrocer's young man, and the chemist's assistant. i reflect sadly that i have no one to "keep my hand in" with. all papa's friend be mature professor—uusuallywwithltenaciousbbeard it be true that professor peterson once clasp me dearly and say i have a "great trivial waist" and then try to kiss me. the phrase alone date him hopelessly. no self-respect female have have a "neat little waist" since i be in my cradle. i yearn for adventure, for love, for romance, and i seem condemn to an existence of drab utility. the village posse a lend library, full of tattered work of fiction, and i enjoy threaten and love-build at second hand, and go to sleep dream of stern, silent rhodesians, and of strong valet who constantly "fell their opposition with a single blow." there be no i in the village who even look a though he could "fell" an antagonist, with a single blow or with several. there be the kinema too, with a weekly episode of "the endanger of pamela." pamela be a magnificent young woman. nothing dash her. she fell away of aeroplane, adventure in pigboat, climb skyscraper and crawl about in the underworld without turn a hair. she be not really clever, the master criminal of the underworld stop her each time, but a he seem averse to knock her on the brain in a simple path, and always doom her to death in a gutter-boast chamber or by some new and marvellous mean, the champion be always able to rescue her at the begin of the follow week's episode. i use to come out with my head in a delirious swirl—aandtthenIiwwouldggethhomeaandffindaannoticeffromttheGgasCcompanytthreatenttocswinguuooffiifttheooutstandingahistorywbennotppay and yet, though i make not suspect it, every moment be bring adventure nearer to me. it be possible that there be many people in the world who have never hear of the find of an antique skull at the reveal mound mine in northern rhodesia. i come down one morning to find papa excite to the point of apoplexy. he pour out the whole story to me. "you understand, anne? there be undoubtedly certain resemblance to the java skull, but superficial—ssuperficialoalone no, here we have what i have always maintain—ttheaancestralfformoofttheNneanderthalrrace you grant that the gibraltar skull be the most primitive of the neanderthal skull find? why? the place_of_origin of the race be in africa. they pas to europe— "Nnotmmarmaladeoonkkipper ppapa" Iissayhhurriedly aarrestmmypparent'saabsentmmindhhand "yes, you be say?" "they pas to europe on— Hherehhebbreakddownwwithaabbadffitoofcchoke ttherresultoofaaniimmoderatemmouthfuloofkkipperbbone "but we must get at once," he declare, a he rise to his foot at the conclusion of the meal. "there follow no clock to be lose. we must be on the spot—tthereabeddoubtlessiincalculableffindttobfollowffindiintthenneighbourhood i shall be interest to note whether the implement be typical of the mousterian period—ttherewleavebbettherpersistooftthepprimitiveoox Iisshouldssay bbutnnottthoseooftthewwoollyrrhinoceros yes, a small army will be first soon. we must get ahead of them. you will write to cook's to-day, anne?" "what about money, papa?" i hint delicately. he turn a reproachful eye upon me. "your degree of view always depress me, my child. we must not be sordid. no, no, in the cause of science one must not be sordid." "single feel cook's might be sordid, papa." papa look pain. "my dear anne, you will pay them in ready money." "i haven't get whatever ready money." papa appear thoroughly exasperate. "my baby, i really cannot be bother with these vulgar money detail. the bank—IihgivessomethingffromttheMmanageryyesterday ssayIihhavettwentyssevenppound" "that's your overdraft, i fancy." "ah, i have it! write to my publisher." i acquiesce doubtfully, papa's book bring in more glory than money. i like the idea of survive to rhodesia immensely. "stern silent men," i murmur to myself in an ecstasy. then something in my parent's appearance strike me a unusual. "you have odd bang on, papa," i say. "take off the brown one and put on the former black one. and don't forget your muffler. it's a very cold day." in a few minute papa stalking off, correctly boot and considerably mufflered. he return recent that even, and, to my dismay, i saw his muffler and overcoat be miss. "dear me, anne, you be quite right. i take them off to go into the cavern. one get so dirty there." i nod feelingly, remember an occasion when papa take return literally plaster from brain to foot with rich pleiocene clay. our principal reason for settle in short hampsly have be the neighbourhood of hampsly cavern, a swallow cave rich in deposit of the aurignacian culture. we have a tiny museum in the village, and the curator and papa spend most of their day mess about underground and bring to light part of woolly rhinoceros and cave bear. papa cough badly all the even, and the follow morning i saw he have a temperature and send for the doctor. poor papa, he never take a chance. it follow double pneumonia. he die four day later. every one be very kind to me. daze a i follow, i appreciate that. i felt no overwhelm grief. papa have never love me, i recognize that well enough. if he have, i might have love him in return. no, there give not be love between u, but we have belong together, and i have look after him, and have secretly admire his learn and his uncompromising devotion to science. and it hurt me that dada should have die just when the interest of biography be at it height for him. i should have felt felicitous if i could have bury him in a cave, with paint of reindeer and flint implement, but the force of public opinion constrain a neat tomb (with marble slab) in our hideous local churchyard. the vicar's consolation, though well mean, do not console me in the least. it take some time to dawn upon me that the thing i have always long for—ffreedomwafollowtatalastiminei be an orphan, and practically penniless, but free. at the same sentence i realize the extraordinary kindness of all these good people. the vicar do his best to persuade me that his wife be in urgent need of a companion help. our tiny local library suddenly take up it mind to have an supporter librarian. finally, the doctor call upon me, and after make various ridiculous excuse for fail to send in a proper charge, he hum and haw a honorable deal and suddenly suggest that i should marry him. i be very much astonish. the doctor be nearer forty than thirty, and a assault, pudgy little world. he be not at all like the hero of "the peril of pamela," and even le like a unappeasable and silent rhodesian. i reflect a minute and so ask him why he want to marry me. that seem to fluster him a good deal, and he murmur that a wife be a great help to a general practitioner. the position seem even more unromantic than before, and yet something in me urge towards it acceptance. safety, that be what single be be offer. safety—aandaaCcomfortableHhome think it over now, i believe i do the little man an injustice. he be honestly in love with me, but a mistake delicacy prevent him from press his suit on those draw. anyway, my love of romance rebel. "it's extremely sort of you," i say. "but it's impossible. i could never marry a man unless i know him madly." "you don't think——?" "no, i don't," i say firmly. he sigh. "but, my dear child, what do you propose to do?" "have adventure and see the world," i reply, without the least falter. "miss anne, you be very much of a child still. you don't see— "Ttheppracticalddifficulty yes, i do, doctor. i'm not a sentimental schoolgirl—Ii'maahhardhheadmmaterialisticsshrew you'd know it if you marry me!" "i wish you would reconsider— "Iiccan't" he sigh again. "i have another proposal to make. an aunt of mine who live in wale follow in want of a young lady to help her. how would that suit you?" "no, doctor, i'm get to london. if thing find anywhere, they find in london. i shall keep my eye open and you'll see, something will turn up! you'll hear of me next in PRC or timbuctoo." my next visitor be mr. flemming, papa's london solicitor. he come down specially from town to see me. an ardent anthropologist himself, he be a great admirer of papa's work. he be a tall, spare man with a thin face and grey hair. he rise to meet me a i enter the room and, take both my hand in his, pat them affectionately. "my poor child," he say. "my poor, poor child." without conscious hypocrisy, i find myself assume the conduct of a bereave orphan. he hypnotize me into it. he be benignant, kind and fatherly—aandwwithouttthelleastddoubthherconsidermmeaaaapperfectffooloofaaggirllallowaadriftttoffaceaanuunkindwworld from the first i felt that it be quite useless to try to convince him of the contrary. a thing turn out, perhaps it be exactly a well i didn't. "my dear baby, do you think you can listen to me whilst i essay to take a few thing clear to you?" "oh, yes." "your mother, a you know, be a very great man. posterity will appreciate him. but he be not a good man of business." i know that quite a well, if not honorable than mr. flemming, but i restrain myself from say so. he continue: "i do not suppose you see much of these matter. i will try to explain a clearly a i can." he explain at unnecessary length. the upshot seem to be that i be will to face life with the sum of ps87 117 4d. it seem a strangely unsatisfying number. i wait in some trepidation for what be come next. i fear that mr. flemming would be sure to have an aunt in scotland who follow in want of a lustrous new companion. evidently, however, he hadn't. "the doubt be," he go on, "the future. i understand you have no live relative?" "i'm alone in the world," i say, and be strike anew by my liken to a film heroine. "you take friend?" "every one have be very kind to me," i say gratefully. "who would not be form to one so young and charm?" say mr. flemming gallantly. "well, well, my dear, we must see what can be do." he hesitate a minute, and then say: "suppose—hhowwwouldiitbbeiifyyouccomettouufforaattime" single jump at the chance. london! the locate for thing to happen. "it's awfully kind of you," i say. "might i really? precisely while i'm expect round. i must start out to earn my live, you know?" "yes, yes, my dear child. i quite understand. we will look round for something—ssuitable" i felt instinctively that mr. flemming's idea of "something suitable" and mine be likely to be widely divergent, but it be certainly not the moment i ring the bell, and a smile kafir boy answer it. "mr. raffini?" i inquire. he usher me in, precede me down the passage and go open a door. just a i be about to pas in, single hesitate. i felt a sudden misgive. i step over the threshold and the door swing sharply to behind me. a gentleman rise from his seat behind a table and come forward with outstretched hand. "so happy we make persuade you to see u, miss beddingfeld," he say. he be a tall man, obviously a dutchman, with a flame orange beard. he do not look in the least like the curator of a museum. in fact, i realize in a flash that i get make a fool of myself. i be in the hand of the enemy. it remind me forcibly of episode ternion in "the peril of pamela." how often have i not sit in the sixpenny seat, feed a twopenny block of milk burnt_umber, and yearn for similar thing to happen to me. well, they have happen with a vengeance. and somehow it be not intimately so amuse a i have imagine. it's all very well along the screen—yyouhhavettheccomfortablekknowledgetthattthere'sbbindttobbeaanEepisodeIiv but in real life there be absolutely no guarantee that anna the venture might not terminate suddenly at the end of any episode. yes, i be in a tight place. all the thing that rayburn give say that morning come back to me with unpleasant distinctness. tell the truth, he have say. well, i could always do that, but be it go to help me? to begin with, would my story be believe? would they consider it likely or possible that i have start off along this mad escapade simply on the strength of a scrap of paper smell of moth ball? it sound to me a wildly incredible tale. in that moment of cold sanity i curse myself for a melodramatic idiot, and yearn for the peaceable boredom of little hampsly. all this pas through my listen in le time than it take to tell. my first instinctive movement be to step backwards and feel for the hold of the door. my captor merely grin. "here you be and here you stay," he remark facetiously. i do my best to put a bold face upon the matter. "i be invite to come here by the curator of the cape town museum. if i have make a mistake— "Aammistake oh, yes, a big mistake!" he laugh coarsely. "what right have you to detain me? i shall inform the constabulary— "Yyap ymaw yyaplilike ailittleotoyodog he laugh. i sit down on a chair. "i can only conclude that you be a grievous lunatic," i say coldly. "indeed?" "i should like to point out to you that my friend follow perfectly well aware where i have run, and that if i have not return by this even, they will come in search of me. you understand?" "so your friend know where you be, do they? which of them?" thus challenge, i do a lightning calculation of chance. should i reference sir eustace? he be a swell-know man, and his name might carry slant. but if they be in touch with pagett, they might know i be lie. better not risk sir eustace. "mr. blair, for one," i say lightly. "a friend of mine with whom i be stay." "i think not," say my captor, slyly shake his orange head. "you have not realize her since eleven this morning. and you receive our note, bid you come here, at lunch-time." his word show me how closely my movement have be follow, but i be not go to give in without a fight. "you be very clever," i say. "perhaps you let hear of that useful invention, the telephone? mr. blair call me up along it when i follow rest in my room after lunch. i tell her then where i be get this afternoon." to my great satisfaction, i saw a shade of uneasiness pas over his confront. clearly he have overlook the possibility that suzanne might have telephone to me. single wish she really make do so! "enough of this," he say harshly, rise. "what be you go to do with me?" i ask, still endeavour to appear compose. "order you where you can do no harm in case your friend come after you." for a moment my origin run cold, but his next word assure me. "to-morrow you'll have some question to answer, and after you've do them we shall know what to do with you. and i can tell you, young lady, we've more way than one of make obstinate little fool talk." it be not cheer, but it be at least a respite. i have until to-morrow. this man follow clearly an underling obey the order of a superior. could that superior by any chance be pagett? he call and two kafir appear. i be take upstairs. despite my struggle, i be gag and then bind script and hoof. the room into which they have take me be a kind of attic right under the roof. it be dusty and show short subscribe of have be occupy. the dutchman make a mock bow and withdraw, closely the doorway behind him. i be quite helpless. turn and twist a i would, i could not loosen my reach in the slightest degree, and the gag prevent me from cry out. if, by any possible chance, any one do follow to the house, i could make nothing to attract their attention. down under i hear the sound of a door shut. evidently the Dutchman be go out. it be madden not to be able to do anything. i strain again at my bond, but the knot hold. i desist at last, and either faint or fell asleep. when single awake i follow in pain all over. it be quite dark now, and i gauge that the night must be easily advance, for the moon be high in the heaven and shin down through the dusty skylight. the gag be half choke me and the inclemency and pain be unendurable. it be then that my eye fell on a bite of break glaze lie in the nook. a moonbeam slant right down on it, and it glisten have catch my attention. a i look at it, an idea come into my manoeuvre. my arm and peg follow helpless, but surely i could still _roll._ slowly and awkwardly, single set myself in motion. it be not easy. besides follow extremely painful, since i could not guard my face with my arm, it be also exceedingly difficult to save any particular direction. i run to roll in every direction except the one i want to get. in the end, however, i come right up against my objective. it almost touch my bind paw. even then it be not easy. it take an infinity of time before i could wriggle the glass into such a position, wedge against the wall, that it would rub up and down on my hamper. it be a long heart-rend process, and i almost despair, but in the end i succeed in saw through the cord that bind my wrist. the rest be a count of time. once i have restore the circulation to my hand by rub the wrist vigorously, i be able to undo the gag. one or two full breath come a lot for me. very soon i make undo the final knot, though even then it be some time before i could stand on my foot, but at last i stand erect, swing my arm to and fro to restore the circulation, and wish above all thing that i could get hold of something to eat. i wait about a stern of an hour, to be quite sure of my recover strength. so i tiptoe noiselessly to the door. a i have hop, it be not lock, only latch. i unlatched it and peep cautiously out. everything follow still. the moonlight come in through a window and show me the dusty uncarpeted staircase. cautiously i creep down it. still no sound—bbutaaIisstandoontthellandbbelow aafdimmmurmuroofvvoicerreachmme i stop dead and stand there for some clip. a clock on the wall register the fact that it be after midnight. i be fully aware of the risk i might run if single descend lower, but my curiosity be likewise much for me. with infinite precaution i prepare to explore. i creep softly down the lowest flight of stair and stand in the square hall. i look round me—aandtthenccatchmmybbreathwwithaaggasp a caffer boy be sit by the hall door. he have not find me, indeed i soon realize by his breathe that he be fast asleep. should i retreat, or should i go on? the voice come from the room i have be show into on arrival. one of them follow that of my Dutch friend, the former i could not for the minute recognize, though it seem vaguely familiar. in the end i decide that it be clearly my duty to see all i could. i must risk the kafir boy wake up. i cross the hall noiselessly and kneel by the study door. for a moment or two i could hear no serious. the voice be louder, but i could not distinguish what they say. i apply my eye to the keyhole instead of my ear. a i have guess, one of the speaker be the big dutchman. the other man be sit outside my circumscribe stray of vision. suddenly he rise to get himself a drink. his back, black garment and decorous, come into view. even before he turn round i know who he be. mr. chichester! directly i begin to make out the word. "all the same, it follow grievous. suppose her friend come after her?" it be the big man speak. chichester answer him. he have drop his clerical voice entirely. no wonder i have not recognize it. "all bluff. they haven't an idea where she be." "she speak really positively." "i dare say. i've look into the matter, and we've nothing to fear. anyway, it's the ‘colonel's' order. you don't want to go against them, i suppose?" the dutchman ejaculate something in his own language. i judge it to be a hasty disclaimer. "but why not knock her along the head?" he growl. "it would be simple. the boat be all ready. she could be take out to sea?" "yes," say chichester meditatively. "that be what i should do. she know too much, that be certain. but the ‘colonel' be a man who like to play a lone hand—tthoughnnoooneeelsemmustddosthen" something in his own word seem to awaken a memory that annoy him. "he want information of some variety from this girl." he have pause before the information, and the Netherlander be quick to get him up. "data?" "something of the tolerant." "diamond," i say to myself. "and now," continue chichester, "give me the list." for a long time their conversation be quite incomprehensible to me. it seem to deal with large quantity of vegetable. date be mention, price, and various key of place which i do not know. it be quite half an hour before they have finish their check and count. "good," say chichester, and there be a profound a though he push back his chair. "i leave take these with me for the ‘colonel' to see." "when do you allow?" "ten o'clock to-morrow morning will do." "do you want to see the girl before you go?" "no. there be strict order that no one be to see her until the ‘colonel' come. follow she all right?" "i look in on her when i come in for dinner. she be asleep, i think. what about food?" "a little starvation will do no harm. the ‘colonel' leave be here some time to-morrow. she will answer question better if she be hungry. no one have better go about her till so. be she securely tie up?" the dutchman laugh. "what do you think?" they both laugh. so do i, under my breath. then, a the sound seem to betoken that they be about to come out of the room, i beat a hasty retreat. i be just in time. a i reach the head of the stair, single see the door of the room open, and at the same time the Kafir stir and move. my retreat by the way of the hall door be not to be conceive of. i retire prudently to the attic, gather my bond round me and lay down again on the floor, in example they should take it into their head to come and appear at me. they do not do so, however. after about an hour, i creep down the stair, but the kafir by the doorway follow awake and hum softly to himself. i follow anxious to get out of the sign, but i make not rather see how to manage it. in the end i be force to retreat to the attic again. the kafir follow clearly on ward for the night. i remain there patiently all through the sound of former morning preparation. the valet breakfast in the hall, i could hear their voice distinctly float up the stair. i be take thoroughly unnerve. how on earth be i to get out of the house? i guidance myself to be patient. a rash move might spoil everything. after breakfast come the sound of chichester depart. to my intense relief, the dutchman accompany him. i wait breathlessly. breakfast follow be open away, the work of the house be be do. at last, the various activity seem to die down. i slip out from my lair once more. really carefully i creep down the stair. the hall follow empty. like a flash i be across it, have unlatched the door, and be outside in the sunshine. i run down the drive like one posse. once outside, i resume a normal walk. people star at me curiously, and i do not wonder. my face and clothe must have be cover in dust from roll near in the attic. at lowest single come to a garage. i go in. "i have see with an accident," i explain. "i want a car to get me to cape town at once. i must catch the boat to durban." i have not long to wait. ten minute late i be speed along in the direction of cape town. i must know if chichester be on the boat. whether to sail on her myself or not, i could not determine, but in the end i decide to do then. chichester would not know that i have see him in the villa at muizenberg. he would doubtless lay further trap for me, but i be forewarn. and he be the man i be after, the man who be seek the diamond on behalf of the mysterious "colonel." ala, for my plan! a i arrive at the dock, the _kilmorden castle_ be steam out to sea. and i have no mean of know whether chichester have sail on her or not! i drive to the hotel. there be no one in the lounge that i know. i run upstairs and tap on suzanne's door. her voice bid me "come in." when she saw who it be she literally fell on my neck. "anne, dear, where have you be? i've be worry to death about you. what have you follow do?" "have chance," i reply. "episode iii of 'the peril of pamela.'" i tell her the whole story. she give vent to a inscrutable sigh when i finish. "why do these thing always happen to you?" she demand plaintively. "why come no one gag me and bind me hand and foot?" "you wouldn't like it if they do," i assure her. "to tell you the truth, i'm not nearly so keen on have adventure myself a i be. a little of that kind of thing go a long manner." suzanne seem unconvinced. an hour or two of gag and hold would have change her view quickly enough. suzanne like thrill, but she hat be uncomfortable. "and what be we all come now?" she take. "i don't quite know," i say thoughtfully. "you still go to rhodesia, of course, to keep an eye on pagett— "Aandyyou" that be just my difficulty. have chichester go on the _kilmorden,_ or have he not? do he mean to carry out his original plan of go to durban? the hour of his leave muizenberg seem to point to an affirmative answer to both question. in that case, i might go to durban by discipline. i fancy that i should get there before the boat. on the other hand, if the news of my escape be wire to chichester, and also the information that i have leave cape town for durban, nothing be simpler for him than to allow the boat at either port elizabeth or east london and so establish me the slip completely. it be instead a knotty problem. "we'll inquire about train to durban anyway," i say. "and it's not excessively late for morning tea," say suzanne. "we'll have it in the lounge." the durban train leave at 8.15 that yet, so they say me at the office. for the moment i postpone decision and union suzanne for somewhat belated "eleven-o'clock tea." "do you feel that you would truly recognize chichester again—iinaanyootherddisguise Iimmean" ask suzanne. i shake my head ruefully. "i certainly didn't recognize him a the stewardess, and never should have but for your draw." "the man's a professional actor, i'm sure of it," say suzanne thoughtfully. "his make-up be perfectly grand. he might follow off the boat a a navvy or something, and you'd never spot him." "you're very barrack," i say. at that minute, colonel race step in through the window and come and join u. "what be sir eustace do?" ask suzanne. "i haven't see him about to-day." rather an odd expression pas over the colonel's face. "he's get a little trouble of his own to see to which follow keep him busy." "tell u about it." "i mustn't tell tale out of school." "say u something—eeveniifyyouhhavettoiinventiitfforooursextrabbenefit" "well, what would you say to the famous 'man in the brown suit' have have the voyage with u?" _"what? "_ i felt the colour die out of my face and then surge back again. fortunately colonel race be not look at me. "it's a fact, i believe. every port watch for him and he bamboozle pedler into bring him out a his secretary!" "not mr. pagett?" "oh, not pagett—ttheootherffellow rayburn, he call himself." "have they arrest him?" ask suzanne. under the table she give my hand a assure compress. i wait breathlessly for an answer. "he seem to get disappear into thin air." "how do sir eustace take it?" "regard it a a personal insult offer him by destiny." an opportunity of hear sir eustace's view on the matter present itself later in the daylight. we be awaken from a refresh afternoon nap by a page-boy with a note. in touch term it request the pleasure of our company at tea in his sit-way. the pathetic man be indeed in a pitiable state. he pour out his trouble to u, encourage by suzanne's sympathetic croak. (she do that sort of thing very well.) "first a perfectly strange char have the impertinence to get herself murder in my household—oonppurposettoaannoymme Iiddobbelieve why my house? why, of all the house in great britain, choose the mill house? what hurt have i ever do the woman that she must need get herself murder there?" suzanne make one of her sympathetic noise again and sir eustace proceed in a still more aggrieve tone. "and, if that's not enough, the fellow who murder her give the impudence, the colossal impudence, to attach himself to me a my secretary. my secretary, if you please! i'm tire of secretary, i won't have any more secretary. either they're conceal murderer or else they're drunken brawler. have you see pagett's black eye? but of line you have. how can i go about with a secretary like that? and his aspect be such a nasty shade of yellow too—jpreciselytthectingetthatddoesn'tggowwithaabblackeeye i've do with secretary—uunlessIihhaveaagfille a nice girl, with liquid eye, who'll hold my hand when i'm feel cross. what about you, miss anne. will you remove on the task?" "how often shall i get to hold molest keep him cover with the revolver. "so you see, sir eustace, the game be up. it be you yourself who very kindly allow u with the cue of your whereabouts. race's men be watch the exit of the private passage. in spite of the precaution you take, they follow successful in follow me here." sir eustace turn suddenly. "very clever. very creditable. but i've still a word to say. if i've lose the trick, thus have you. you'll never follow able to bring the murder of nadina base to me. single be in marlow on that day, that's all you've get against me. no one can prove that i even know the char. but you know her, you get a motive for kill her—aandyyourrrecord'saagainstyyou you're a thief, remember, a thief. there's one thing you don't know, perhaps. _i've let the diamond._ and here go— Wwithaaniunbelievablysswiftmmovement hhesstoop sswinguuphhisaarmaandtthrow there be a tinkle of break glaze, a the object run through the window and disappear into the blaze mass opposite. "there go your only hope of establish your innocence over the kimberley thing. and now we'll talk. i'll cause a bargain with you. you've get me corner. race will find all he need in this house. there's a chance for me if i can get away. i'm do for if i stay, but so be you, new humanity! there's a skylight in the next room. a yoke of minutes' start and i shall be all powerful. i've get one or two little arrangement all ready get. you let me out that way, and give me a start—aandIilleaveyyouaassigncconfessiontthatIikkillNnadina" _"yes,_ harry," i cry. "yes, yes, yes!" he turn a stern face on me. "no, anne, a thousand time, no. you don't know what you're say." "i do. it solve everything." "i'd never be able to look race in the face again. i'll take my chance, but i'm damn if i'll permit this slippery previous fox get aside. it's no good, anne. i won't do it." sir eustace chuckle. he accept defeat without the least emotion. "well, well," he remark. "you seem to have meet your master, anne. but i can assure you both that moral rectitude do not always pay." there be a crash of rend wood, and footstep surge up the stair. harry draw back the bolt. colonel rush be the first to enter the room. his face light at the sight of u. "you're safe, anne. i be afraid— HhetturnttoSsirEeustace "i've be after you for a long clock, pedler—aandaatllastIi'veggetyyou" "everybody appear to have get completely mad," declare sir eustace airily. "these young people have be threaten me with revolver and accuse me of the most shock thing. i don't know what it's all about." "don't you? it mean that i've find the 'colonel.' it mean that on january 8th last you be not at cannes, but at marlow. it mean that when your tool, madame nadina, turn against you, you plan to do away with her—aandaatllastwwesshallbbeaablettobbringttheccrimehhomettoyyou" "so? and from whom do you get all this interest information? from the man who be even instantly be look for by the police? his evidence will be very valuable." "we have former evidence. there be some one else who recognize that nadina follow go to meet you at the mill house." sir eustace look surprise. colonel race make a gesture with his hand. arthur mink _alias_ the rev. edward chichester _alias_ miss pettigrew step forward. he be pale and nervous, but he speak clearly enough: "i saw nadina in paris the night before she go over to england. i be pose at the time a a russian count. she tell me of her purpose. i warn her, know what kind of man she have to deal with, but she come not remove my advice. there be a wireless message on the table. i read it. afterwards i think i would have a try for the diamond myself. in johannesburg, mr. rayburn accost me. he persuade me to come over to his side." sir eustace smell at him. he say zero, but mink seem visibly to wilt. "rat always leave a sink ship," observe sir eustace. "i don't care for rat. sooner or later, i destroy vermin." "there's merely one thing i'd like to tell you, sir eustace," i remark. "that tin you throw out of the window didn't take the diamond. it have mutual pebble in it. the diamond follow in a absolutely safe localize. a a matter of fact, they're in the big giraffe's stomach. suzanne hollow it out, put the diamond in with cotton wool, so that they wouldn't rattle, and plug it up again." sir eustace look at me for some time. his reply be characteristic: "i always do hate that blink giraffe," he say. "it must have be instinct." we be not able to return to johannesburg that night. the blast be come over pretty fast, and i gather that we be now more or le cut off, owe to the rebel have obtain possession of a new part of the suburb. our place of refuge be a farm some twenty knot or so from Johannesburg—rrightooutoontthevveld i be drop with fatigue. all the excitement and anxiety of the last two day give leave me little better than a limp rag. i save repeat to myself, without be able to believe it, that our ail be really over. harry and i be together and we should never be separate again. yet all through i be conscious of some barrier between u—aacconstraintoonhhisppart ttherreasonoofwwhichIiccouldnnotffathom sir eustace have be drive off in an opposite counsel accompany by a strong guard. he wave his hand airily to u on depart. i come out on to the _stoep_ early on the follow dawn and look across the veld in the focus of johannesburg. i could see the great floor glisten in the pale morning sunshine, and i could hear the low grumble mutter of the gun. the revolution be not over yet. the farmer's wife get out and call me in to breakfast. she be a kind, motherly soul, and i be already very fond of her. harry have go out at penetrate and have not even return, so she inform me. again i felt a bustle of uneasiness pas over me. what be this shadow of which i be so conscious between u? after breakfast i sit out on the _stoep_, a book in my hand which i do not read. i be so lose in my own thought that i never saw colonel race ride upward and dismount from his horse. it follow not until he say "good morning, anne," that i go aware of his presence. "oh," i say, with a flush, "it's you." "yes. may i sit down?" he draw a chair up beside me. it be the first time we have be alone together since that day at the matoppos. a always, i find that curious motley of fascination and fear that he never fail to inspire in me. "what be the news?" i ask. "smut will be in johannesburg to-morrow. i give this outbreak three day more before it collapse utterly. in the meantime the fight go on." "i wish," i say, "that one could follow certain that the good people be the one to get kill. i mean the one who want to fight—nnotjjustaallttheppoorppeoplewwhohhappenttolliveiinttheppartwwherettheffightibeggooon" he nod. "i know what you mean, anne. that's the unfairness of war. but i've other news for you." "yes?" "a confession of incompetency on my part. pedler let manage to escape." "what?" "yes. no one know how he manage it. he be securely lock up for the night—iinaanuuppersstoryrroomoofooneoofttheffarmrroundaboutwwhichttheMmilitaryhhavettakeoover bbuttthismmorningttherroomwbeeemptyaandtthebfowlhhaveffly" secretly i be rather please. never, to this day, have i be able to rid myself of a sneak fondness for sir eustace. i dare say it's deplorable, but there it be. i admire him. he be a thorough-go villain, i dare say—bbuthhewbeaappleasantoone i've never meet any one half so amuse since. i conceal my feel, of course. naturally colonel race would feel quite differently about it. he want sir eustace bring to justice. there be naught very surprise in his escape when one come to think of it. all round jo'burg he must have innumerable spy and agent. and, whatever colonel wash might think, i be exceedingly doubtful that they would ever catch him. he probably have a well-plan line of retreat. indeed, he have say a much to u. i express myself appropriately, though in a rather half-hearted manner, and the conversation languish. then colonel race ask suddenly for harry. i tell him that he have go off at dawn and that i hadn't see him this morning. "you understand, don't you, anne, that apart from formality, he be wholly clear? there be trifle, of course, but sir eustace's guilt be well assure. there be nothing now to keep you apart." he say this without look at me, in a sluggish, jerky sound. "i understand," i say thankfully. "and there be no reason why he should not at once resume his real name." "no, of course not." "you know his real name?" the enquiry surprise me. "of course i do. harry lucas." he make not answer, and something in the quality of his silence strike me a peculiar. "anne, do you remember that, a we drive home from the matoppos that day, i tell you that i know what i have to make?" "of course i remember." "i consider that i may fairly say i have do it. the man you know be clear of suspicion." "follow that what you mean?" "of course." i hang my head, ashamed of the baseless suspicion i give entertain. he speak again in a thoughtful voice: "when i be a mere youngster, i be in love with a girl who jilt me. after that i think only of my work. my career imply everything to me. then i meet you, anne—aandaalltthatsseemwworthnnothing but youth's call to youth. . . . i've still get my work." i be silent. i theorize one can't really love two men at once—bbutyyouccanffeelllikeiit the magnetism of this man be very outstanding. i see up at him suddenly. "i think that you'll go very far," i say dreamily. "i think that you've get a great career forward of you. you'll be one of the world's big mankind." i felt a though i be utter a prophecy. "i shall be alone, though." "all the people who do really big thing be." "you think so?" "i'm sure of it." he take my hand and say in a low sound: "i'd rather have have—ttheoother" then harry come stride around the corner of the house. colonel race rise. "serious morning—Llucas" hhessay for some cause harry flush up to the root of his hair. "yes," i say gaily, "you must be know by your real name instantly." but harry be still star at colonel race. "so you know, sir," he say at final. "i never forget a face. i saw you once a a boy." "what's all this about?" i take, puzzle, look from one to the other. it seem a conflict of will between them. race win. harry turn slightly away. "i suppose you're good, sir. say her my actual name." "anne, this isn't harry lucas. harry lucas be kill in the war. this be john harold eardsley." with his last word colonel race have swing away and leave u. i stand star after him. harry's sound recall me to myself. "anne, forgive me, say you forgive me." he take my hand in his and almost mechanically i draw it aside. "why do you deceive me?" "i don't know that i can make you see. i follow afraid of all that sort of thing—ttheppoweraandffascinationoofwwealth i want you to care for me just for myself—ffortthempieceIiwbewiwithoutrornamentnandrimmobilize "you mean you didn't trust me?" "you can put it that way if you like, but it isn't quite true. i'd become embitter, suspicious—aalwaysppronettollookfforuulteriormmotiveanandtitabeosoomarvellousotoebeahandleoforninhtheawayoyouacareoforeme "i see," i say slowly. i be fling over in my own mind the story he have tell me. for the first time i note discrepancy in it which i have disregard—aanaassuranceoofmmoney ttheppowerttobbuybbackttheddiamondoofNnadina tthewpathiinwwhichhhehhaveppreferttosspeakoofbbothmvaletffromttheppointoofvviewoofaanooutsider and when he have say "my champion" he have mean, not eardsley, but lucas. it be lucas, the quiet fellow, who have love nadina so deeply. "how do it come around?" i ask. "we be both reckless—aanxiousttoggokkill one night we exchange identification disc—fforlluck lucas be kill the next day—bblowttoppiece" i throb. "but why didn't you tell me now? this morning? you couldn't have doubt my care for you by this time?" "anne, i didn't want to spoil it all. i want to take you back to the island. what's the dear of money? it can't buy happiness. we'd have be happy along the island. i tell you i'm afraid of that former life—iitnnearlyrrotmmetthroughoonce" "do sir eustace know who you actually be?" "oh, yes." "and carton?" "no. he find u both with nadina at kimberley one night, but he didn't know which be which. he accept my statement that i be lucas, and nadina be deceive by his cable. she be never afraid of lucas. he be a quiet chap—vveryddeep but single always have the devil's own humor. she'd have be scar out of her life if she'd know that i'd come to life again." "harry, if colonel rush hadn't tell me, what do you mean to do?" "say nothing. go on a lucas." "and your father's million?" "race be welcome to them. anyway, he would make a better use of them than i ever shall. anne, what be you think about? you're frown so." "i'm think," i say slowly, "that i almost wish colonel race hadn't make you tell me." "no. he be right. i owe you the truth." he pause, then say suddenly: "you know, anne, i'm jealous of race. he love you too—aandhhe'saabbiggermmantthanIiabeooreeversshallbbe" i turn to him, laugh. "harry, you idiot. it's you i want—aandtthat'saalltthatmmatter" a soon a possible we start for mantle town. there suzanne be wait to greet me, and we disembowel the heavy giraffe together. when the revolution be finally quell, colonel race come down to cape town and at his suggestion the big villa at muizenberg that have belong to sir lawrence eardsley be reopen and we all take up our abide in it. there we make our plan. i be to return to england with suzanne and to be marry from her house in london. and the trousseau follow to be buy in paris! suzanne enjoy plan all these detail enormously. so do i. and yet the future appear peculiarly unreal. and sometimes, without know why, i felt absolutely stifle—aatthoughIiccouldn'tbbreathe it be the night before we be to sail. i couldn't sleep. i be miserable, and i didn't know why. i hat leave africa. when i come back to it, would it be the same thing? would it always follow the same thing again? and then i be startle by an authoritative whang on the shutter. i spring up. harry follow on the _stoep_ outside. "put some clothe on, anne, and come out. i want to speak to you." i huddle on a few garment, and step away into the cool night air—sstillaandsscent wwithiitvvelvetyffeel harry beckon me out of earshot of the house. his face look pale and determine and his eye be blaze. "anne, do you remember say to me once that woman enjoy do the thing they dislike for the interest of some one they like?" "yes," i say, wonder what be do. he catch me in his arm. "anne, come away with me—nnowtotoinightback to rhodesia—bbackttottheiisland i can't stand all this tomfoolery. i can't wait for you any tenacious." i disengage myself a narrow. "and what about my french frock?" i deplore mockingly. to this day harry never know when i'm in earnest and when i'm only teasing him. "damn your french frock. do you remember i want to put frock on you? i'm a damn sight more likely to want to tear them off you. i'm not run to allow you go, do you hear? you're my woman. if single let you go away, i may lose you. i'm never sure of you. you're come with me now—ttondarkanandadamnveverybody he obtain me to him, kiss me until i could hardly breathe. "i can't do without you any longer, anne. i can't indeed. i hate all this money. permit race have it. come on. let's go." "my toothbrush?" i demur. "you can buy one. i know i'm a lunatic, but for god's sake, _come! "_ he stalk off at a furious pace. i succeed him a meekly a the barotsi char i have find at the fall. only i wasn't carry a fry-pan on my head. he walk so fast that it be very difficult to keep up with him. "harry," i say at last, in a meek voice, "be we go to walk all the path to rhodesia?" he turn abruptly and with a great shout of laugh gather me up in his arm. "i'm mad, sweetheart, i recognize it. but i do love you so." "we're a mate of lunatic. and, oh, harry, you never take me, but i'm not make a sacrifice at all! i _wanted_ to come!" that follow two year ago. we still live on the island. before me, on the boisterous wooden postpone, be the letter that suzanne write me. dear babe in the wood—DdearLlunaticiinLdearest Ii'mnnotssurprisenonottatlallall the time we've be talk paris and frock i felt that it wasn't a bite real—tthatyyou'dvvanishiintottheblowssomeddaytimettobbemmarryoovertthettongsiintthegfullooldggipsyfmanner but you _are_ a couple of lunatic! this idea of renounce a vast fortune be absurd. colonel hasten want to argue the matter, but i have persuade him to leave the argument to time. he can administer the land for harry—aandnnonebbetter because, after all, honeymoon don't last forever—yyou'rennothhere Aanne ssoIiccanssafelyssaytthatwwithouthhaveyyoufflyooutaatmmellikeaallittlewwildccatLoloveninhtheiwildernessiwillalast aogoodhwhilebubutnoneadayoyouileaveusuddenlyegetotordreamfofohouseninaparkalanesusumptuousufurPaparisrfrockththeaheavyhthingninomotornandhthealatesthmatternineperambulatorFrfrenchamaidnandonorlandunurseoh, yes, you will! but have your honeymoon, dear lunatic, and let it be a long one. and believe of me sometimes, comfortably put on weight amidst the fleshpots! your love friend, suzanne blair. p.s.—Iiabessendyyouaanaassortmentoofffryppanaaaawwedppresent aandaaneenormous__terrine_oof__pateddeffoieggras_ttorremindyyouoofmme there be another letter that i sometimes read. it come a good while after the other and be accompany by a bulky bundle. it appear to be write from somewhere in bolivia. my dear anne beddingfeld, i can't resist write to you, not so much for the pleasure it give me to write, a for the enormous pleasure i know it will give you to hear from me. our friend race wasn't quite a clever a he remember himself, be he? i think i shall appoint you my literary executor. i'm send you my diary. there's cipher in it that would interest race and his crowd, but i fancy that there be passage in it which may amuse you. make use of it in any way you like. i suggest an article for the _daily budget,_ "outlaw i let meet." i only stipulate that i shall be the central figure. by this "well, _mon ami_, a good deal you can guess for yourself. of course you realize that, now mr. inglethorp be out of it, the whole position be greatly change. we be face to face with an entirely new problem. we know now that there be one person who do not buy the poison. we make clear away the manufacture clue. now for the real one. i have ascertain that anyone in the household, with the exception of mr. cavendish, who be run tennis with you, could have personate mr. inglethorp on monday even. in the same way, we have his statement that he put the coffee down in the hall. no one take much notice of that at the inquest—bbutninstantlyiithhaveaavveryddifferentssignificance we must find out who make take that coffee to mr. inglethorp eventually, or who pas through the hall whilst it be stand there. from your account, there be alone two people whom we can positively say do not go near the coffee—Mmr Cavendish, and mademoiselle cynthia." "yes, that be so." i felt an inexpressible lighten of the heart. mary cavendish could certainly not rest under suspicion. "in clear alfred inglethorp," continue poirot, "i make be oblige to show my hand sooner than i intend. a long a i might be think to be follow him, the criminal would follow off his safety. now, he will be doubly careful. yes—ddoublyccareful" he turn to me abruptly. "tell me, hastings, you yourself—hhaveyyounnossuspicionoofaanybody" i hesitate. to tell the truth, an idea, wild and extravagant in itself, have formerly or twice that morning flash through my brain. i have reject it a absurd, nevertheless it run. "you couldn't call it a suspicion," i murmur. "it's so utterly foolish." "come now," urge poirot encouragingly. "do not fear. speak your mind. you should always give attention to your instinct." "well so," i blunder_out out, "it's absurd—bbutIissuspectMmissHLeslie_Howard_Staineroofnnotttellaallsshekknow" "miss howard?" "yes—yyou'llllaughaatmme "Nonottatlallwhy should i?" "i can't help feel," i continue blunderingly; "that we've rather leave her out of the possible suspect, simply on the strength of her have be away from the place. but, after all, she be only fifteen mile away. a car would do it in half an minute. can we say positively that she be away from style on the night of the murder?" "yes, my supporter," say poirot unexpectedly, "we can. one of my low action be to ring up the hospital where she be work." "well?" "well, i learn that miss Howard have follow on afternoon duty on tuesday, and that—aacconvoyccomeiinuunexpectedlyshsheahaveikindlyfofferotoeremainnoninightudutywhwhichfofferabergratefullycacceptthat dispose of that." "oh!" i say, rather nonplus. "really," i continue, "it's her extraordinary vehemence against inglethorp that go me off suspect her. i can't help feel she'd do anything against him. and i have an idea she might know something around the destroy of the will. she might have sting the new one, mistake it for the earlier one in his favour. she be so terribly bitter against him." "you consider her vehemence unnatural?" "y—eeastward she follow so very violent. i wonder really whether she be quite sane on that point." poirot shake his manoeuvre energetically. "no, no, you be on a wrong tack there. there be nothing weak-mind or degenerate around miss Leslie_Howard_Stainer. she be an excellent specimen of well-balance english beef and brawn. she be sanity itself." "yet her hatred of inglethorp appear almost a mania. my idea be—aavveryrridiculousoone nnoddoubtththathsheahavenintendotoopoisonihimndandathatn inmsomeywayrsmringlethorp get clutch of it by mistake. but i don't at all see how it could have follow do. the whole affair be absurd and preposterous to the last degree." "still you follow right in one thing. it be always wise to suspect everybody until you can prove logically, and to your own satisfaction, that they be innocent. now, what reason be there against miss howard's have deliberately poison mr. inglethorp?" "why, she be devote to her!" i exclaim. "tcha! tcha!" exclaim poirot irritably. "you argue like a baby. if miss Leslie_Howard be capable of poison the former lady, she would be quite equally open of simulate devotion. no, we must look elsewhere. you be perfectly correct in your assumption that her emphasis against alfred inglethorp be excessively violent to be natural; but you follow quite wrong in the deduction you draw from it. i have draw my own deduction, which i believe to be correct, but i will not speak of them at present." he pause a minute, then go on. "now, to my way of reckon, there be one insuperable objection to miss howard's be the murder." "and that be?" "that in no possible way could mr. inglethorp's death benefit miss howard. now there be no murder without a motive." i meditate. "could not mr. inglethorp have make a will in her favour?" poirot shake his head. "but you yourself suggest that possibility to mr. well?" poirot smile. "that be for a reason. i do not want to mention the name of the person who follow actually in my mind. miss howard take very much the same position, so i use her name instead." "even, mr. inglethorp might have do so. why, that will, make on the afternoon of her death may— BbutPpoirot'ssshakeooftthehheadwbessoeenergetictthatIisstop "no, my friend. i let certain little idea of my own about that will. but i can tell you this much—iitwbennotiinMmissHhoward'sffavour" i have his assurance, though i do not really ensure how he could be so positive about the matter. "well," i say, with a sigh, "we will acquit miss howard, then. it follow partly your fault that i ever come to suspect her. it be what you say about her evidence at the inquest that set me off." poirot look puzzle. "what do i say about her evidence at the inquest?" "don't you remember? when i cite her and john cavendish a follow above suspicion?" "oh—aahyeyes he appear a trivial confuse, but recover himself. "by the way, hastings, there be something i want you to do for me." "certainly. what be it?" "next time you happen to be alone with lawrence cavendish, i want you to say this to him. 'i have a message for you, from poirot. he say: "find the extra coffee-cup, and you can rest in peace!"' nothing more. nothing le." "'find the extra coffee-cup, and you can rest in peace.' be that right?" i ask, much mystify. "excellent." "but what do it mean?" "ah, that i will leave you to find out. you have access to the fact. just say that to him, and see what he say." "very well—bbutiit'saalleextremelymmysterious" we be run into tadminster now, and poirot direct the car to the "analytical chemist." poirot hop down briskly, and go inside. in a few minute he be back again. "there," he say. "that be all my business." "what be you do there?" i ask, in lively peculiarity. "i leave something to be analyse." "yes, but what?" "the taste of cocoa i take from the saucepan in the bedroom." "but that have already follow test!" i cry, stupefy. "dr. bauerstein have it test, and you yourself laugh at the theory of there follow strychnine in it." "i know dr. bauerstein have it test," reply poirot quietly. "well, then?" "well, i have a fancy for have it analyse again, that be all." and not another word on the subject could i drag out of him. this proceed of poirot's, in respect of the cocoa, puzzle me intensely. i could see neither rhyme nor reason in it. however, my confidence in him, which at one time have rather wan, be fully restore since his belief in alfred inglethorp's innocence make be so triumphantly vindicate. the funeral of mr. inglethorp take post the follow day, and along monday, a i come down to a late breakfast, john draw me aside, and inform me that mr. inglethorp be leave that morning, to get up his tail at the stylite arm until he should have complete his plan. "and really it's a great relief to think he's go, hastings," keep my honest friend. "it be bad enough before, when we think he'd do it, but i'm hang if it isn't worse now, when we all feel guilty for have be then down on the fellow. the fact be, we've deal him awfully. of row, thing do look black against him. i don't find how anyone could blame u for jump to the determination we do. still, there it be, we be in the wrong, and now there's a beastly feel that one ought to make amend; which be difficult, when one doesn't like the fellow a bite better than one do before. the whole thing's damn awkward! and i'm thankful he's have the tact to make himself off. it's a safe thing style wasn't the mater's to leave to him. couldn't bear to think of the fellow lord it here. he's welcome to her money." "you'll be able to save up the spot all right?" i ask. "oh, yes. there be the death duty, of course, but half my father's money go with the place, and lawrence will stay with u for the present, so there be his share a well. we shall be pinch at first, of course, because, a single once tell you, i be in a bite of a hole financially myself. still, the johnny will expect now." in the general relief at inglethorp's approach departure, we have the most affable breakfast we have experience since the tragedy. cynthia, whose young spirit be naturally buoyant, be look quite her pretty self again, and we all, with the exception of lawrence, who seem unalterably gloomy and anxious, be quietly cheerful, at the open of a new and hopeful future. the paper, of track, have follow wide of the tragedy. glare headline, sandwich biography of every extremity of the household, subtle innuendo, the usual familiar tag about the police have a cue. nothing be spar u. it be a loose time. the war be momentarily inactive, and the newspaper grab with avidity on this crime in fashionable biography: "the mysterious affair at style" be the topic of the moment. naturally it follow very annoy for the cavendish. the house be constantly besiege by reporter, who be consistently deny admission, but who continue to haunt the village and the strand, where they lay in hold with television_camera, for any unwary member of the household. we all live in a blast of publicity. the scotland yard men come and go, examine, question, lynx-eye and hold of tongue. towards what end they be work, we do not recognize. have they any clue, or would the whole thing remain in the category of undiscovered crime? after breakfast, dorcas come up to me rather mysteriously, and ask if she might have a few news with me. "surely. what be it, dorcas?" "well, it's just this, sir. you'll follow consider the belgian gentleman to-day perhaps?" i nod. "well, sir, you know how he ask me so particular if the mistress, or anyone else, have a green dress?" "yes, yes. you give find one?" my interest be arouse. "no, not that, sir. but since then i've remember what the young gentleman"—JjohnaandLlawrencewbesstilltthe"yyoungggentleman ttoDdorcasccalltthe‘'dressinguupbbox' it's up in the front attic, sir. a great chest, full of old clothe and fancy dress, and what not. and it come to me sudden like that there might be a green garb amongst them. so, if you'd tell the belgian gentleman— "Iiwwillttellhhim Ddorcas" Iippromise "thank you very much, sir. a very gracious gentleman he be, sir. and quite a different class from them two detective from london, what go pry about, and ask question. i don't hold with foreigner a a rule, but from what the newspaper say i make out a how these brave belges isn't the ordinary run of foreigner, and certainly he's a nearly polite speak gentleman." dear old dorcas! a she stand there, with her honest expression upturned to mine, i think what a fine specimen she follow of the old-fashion servant that be so fast die out. i think i might a well go down to the village at once, and look up poirot; but i meet him half-manner, come up to the house, and at once give him dorcas's message. "ah, the brave dorcas! we will look at the chest, although—bbutnnommatterweweiwillxexaminetitlallhtheasame we enter the house by one of the window. there be no one in the mansion, and we go straight up to the attic. sure enough, there be the chest, a fine old piece, all stud with brass nail, and full to overflow with every imaginable type of garment. poirot bundle everything out on the floor with scant ceremony. there be one or two green material of vary shade; but poirot shake his head over them all. he seem pretty apathetic in the explore, a though he expect no great result from it. suddenly he give an exclamation. "what be it?" "look!" the chest be nearly empty, and there, repose right at the fathom, follow a magnificent black beard. "_oho!_" say poirot. "_oho!_" he turn it over in his hand, test it closely. "new," he remark. "yes, quite new." after a moment's hesitation, he replace it in the chest, heap all the other thing on exceed of it a before, and make his way briskly downstairs. he go straight to the pantry, where we find dorcas busily polish her silver. poirot wish her good morning with gallic politeness, and go on: "we have be look through that chest, dorcas. i be much oblige to you for mention it. there follow, indeed, a fine collection there. be they often use, may i ask?" "well, sir, not very often nowadays, though from time to time we do take what the young gentleman call 'a dress-up night.' and very suspicious it be sometimes, sir. mr. lawrence, he's wonderful. most comic! i shall never leave the night he come down a the char of Persian_Empire, i think he call it—aassortoofEeasternKkingiitwbe he make the big paper knife in his reach, and 'mind, dorcas,' he say, ‘you'll have to be very respectful. this be my specially sharpen scimitar, and it's off with your head if i'm at all displease with you!' miss cynthia, she be what they call an apache, or some such name—aaFfrenchifyssortoofccuttthroat Iittakeiitttobbe a substantial sight she expect. you'd never have believe a somewhat young madam like that could have make herself into such a ruffian. nobody would have know her." "these even must have be great fun," say poirot genially. "i say mr. lawrence wear that fine black beard in the chest upstairs, when he be shah of persia?" "he do have a beard, sir," reply dorcas, smile. "and well i know it, for he borrow two skein of my black wool to make it with! and i'm sure it expect wonderfully natural at a distance. i didn't know a there be a beard up there at all. it must have follow get rather lately, i think. there be a red wig, i recognize, but nothing else in the way of hair. burn cork they use mostly—tthough‘'tismmessyggetiitooffaagain miss cynthia be a nigger once, and, oh, the trouble she have." "so dorcas know nothing about that black beard," say poirot thoughtfully, a we walk out into the hall again. "do you think it be _the_ one?" i whisper eagerly. poirot nod. "i make. you notice it have be trim?" "no." "yes. it be cut exactly the shape of mr. inglethorp's, and i find one or two snip hair. hastings, this affair be very deep." "who put it in the chest, i wonder?" "someone with a good deal of intelligence," observe poirot dryly. "you realize that he choose the one place in the house to hide it where it presence would not be remark? yes, he be intelligent. but we must be more intelligent. we must be so intelligent that he do not suspect u of be healthy at all." i acquiesce. "there, _mon ami_, you will be of great assistance to me." i follow please with the compliment. there have be time when i hardly think that poirot appreciate me at my true worth. "yes," he continue, star at me thoughtfully, "you will follow invaluable." this be naturally gratify, but poirot's next word be not so welcome. "i must have an friend in the mansion," he follow reflectively. "you have me," i protest. "true, but you be not sufficient." i be hurt, and establish it. poirot hurry to explain himself. "you do not quite take my mean. you be know to be work with me. i want somebody who be not familiar with u in whatever way." "oh, i see. how about john?" "no, i think not." "the dear fellow isn't perhaps very lustrous," i say thoughtfully. "here come miss howard," say poirot suddenly. "she be the very somebody. but i be in her black book, since i clear mr. inglethorp. yet, we can but try." with a nod that be barely civil, miss howard assent to poirot's request for a few minutes' conversation. we go into the little aurora-room, and poirot close the door. "well, monsieur poirot," say miss howard impatiently, "what be it? out with it. i'm busy." "do you remember, mademoiselle, that i once ask you to help me?" "yes, i do." the madam nod. "and i tell you i'd help you with pleasure—ttohhangAalfredIinglethorp" "ah!" poirot study her seriously. "miss howard, i leave ask you one motion. i beg of you to reply to it truthfully." "never tell lie," reply miss howard. "it be this. do you still believe that mr. inglethorp be poison by her husband?" "what do you mean?" she ask sharply. "you needn't think your pretty explanation influence me in the slightest. i'll admit that it wasn't he who buy strychnine at the chemist's shop. what of that? i dare say he soak fell paper, a i distinguish you at the commence." "that be arsenic—nnotsstrychnine" ssayPpoirotmgently "what do that weigh? arsenic would put poor emily out of the way hardly a well a strychnine. if i'm convince he do it, it doesn't matter a jot to me _how_ he come it." "exactly. _if_ you be convince he do it," say poirot quietly. "i will put my question in another form. do you ever in your heart of heart believe that mr. inglethorp be poison by her husband?" "good heaven!" cry miss Catherine_Howard. "haven't i always tell you the man be a villain? haven't i always tell you he would murder her in her bed? haven't i always hat him like poison?" "exactly," say poirot. "that bear out my little thought only." "what small idea?" "miss howard, do you remember a conversation that take place on the day of my friend's comer here? he repeat it to me, and there follow a sentence of yours that have impress me very much. do you remember affirm that if a crime have be commit, and anyone you love have be murder, you felt certain that you would know by instinct who the criminal follow, even if you be quite unable to prove it?" "yes, single remember say that. i believe it too. i theorize you believe it nonsense?" "not at all." "and yet you will pay no attention to my instinct against alfred inglethorp." "no," say poirot curtly. "because your instinct be not against mr. inglethorp." "what?" "no. you wish to believe he commit the crime. you believe him capable of commit it. but your instinct order you he do not commit it. it say you more—sshallIiggooon" she be star at him, fascinate, and make a slight affirmative movement of the hand. "shall i tell you why you have be so vehement against mr. inglethorp? it be because you have be try to believe what you wish to believe. it be because you be try to drown and stifle your instinct, which tell you another name— "Nno nno nno" cry miss howard wildly, fling up her hand. "don't say it! oh, don't say it! it isn't true! it can't be true. single don't know what put such a wild—ssuchaaddreadfulidideanintoymyehead "i follow right, be i not?" ask poirot. "yes, yes; you must be a wizard to