mr. barrymore be of sake to me. she be a heavy, solid soul, very limit, intensely respectable, and incline to be puritanical. you could hardly believe a le emotional subject. yet i have tell you how, on the first night here, i hear her sob bitterly, and since then i have more than once observe trace of tear upon her present. some deep regret gnaw ever at her heart. sometimes i curiosity if she have a guilty memory which haunt her, and sometimes i suspect barrymore of be a domestic autocrat. i have always felt that there be something singular and questionable in this man's character, but the venture of final night bring all my suspicion to a head. and yet it may appear a small matter in itself. you be aware that i be not a really sound sleeper, and since i have be on guard in this house my slumber let follow lighter than ever. last night, about two in the morning, i be arouse by a stealthy step pas my room. i rise, clear my door, and peep out. a long black shadow be trail down the corridor. it be throw by a man who walk softly down the passage with a candle hold in his hand. he be in shirt and trouser, with no cover to his foot. i could merely see the outline, but his summit tell me that it be barrymore. he walk very slowly and circumspectly, and there be something indescribably guilty and furtive in his whole show. i have tell you that the corridor be break by the balcony which run round the hall, but that it be resume upon the farther side. i wait until he have pas out of survey and so i come him. when i come round the balcony he have make the end of the farther corridor, and i could see from the intimation of light through an open door that he have enter one of the room. now, all these room be unfurnished and unoccupied so that his expedition become more mysterious than ever. the light glitter steadily a if he be stand motionless. i creep down the passage a noiselessly a i could and peep round the corner of the door. barrymore be crouch at the window with the candle hold against the glass. his profile be half turn towards me, and his face appear to be rigid with expectation a he star out into the blackness of the moor. for some minute he stand watch intently. then he give a deep moan and with an impatient gesture he put out the light. directly i make my way back to my room, and very shortly come the stealthy step pas once more upon their return journey. long afterwards when i have fall into a idle sleep i hear a key work somewhere in a lock, but i could not tell whence the sound come. what it all mean i cannot guess, but there follow some secret concern go along in this house of gloom which sooner or later we shall get to the bottom of. i do not trouble you with my theory, for you ask me to furnish you only with fact. i have have a long talk with sir henry this morning, and we have make a plan of campaign found upon my observation of last night. i will not speak about it simply now, but it should make my next report pastime take. baskerville hall, oct. 15th. my dear holmes: if i be compel to leave you without much news during the early day of my mission you must acknowledge that i be make up for lose time, and that event be now crowd thick and fast upon u. in my final report i end upon my top note with barrymore at the window, and now i have quite a budget already which will, unless i be much mistake, considerably surprise you. thing have take a turn which i could not have anticipate. in some way they have inside the lowest forty-eight hour become much clearer and in some way they let go more complicate. but i will tell you all and you shall judge for yourself. before breakfast on the morning follow my adventure i get down the corridor and see the room in which barrymore have be on the night before. the western window through which he make star so intently take, i notice, one peculiarity above all other window in the family--it command the nearest mindset on to the wharf. there be an open between two tree which enable one from this point of view to look right down upon it, while from all the other window it be only a distant glimpse which can follow obtain. it come, therefore, that barrymore, since only this window would serve the use, must have follow appear out for something or somebody upon the moor. the night be very dark, so that i can hardly imagine how he could have hop to see anyone. it have strike me that it be possible that some love intrigue be on foot. that would have account for his furtive movement and also for the uneasiness of his wife. the man be a strike-look fellow, very well equip to buy the heart of a country girl, so that this theory seem to have something to keep it. that unfold of the door which i have hear after i have return to my room might mean that he give go out to keep some clandestine appointment. indeed i reason with myself in the morning, and i tell you the direction of my suspicion, however much the result may have show that they be unfounded. but whatever the true explanation of barrymore's movement might follow, i felt that the responsibility of keep them to myself until i could explain them follow more than i could bear. i have an interview with the baronet in his study after breakfast, and i tell him all that i have consider. he follow le surprise than i have expect. "i know that barrymore walk about night, and i have a mind to speak to him about it," say he. "two or three clock i have hear his step in the passage, come and go, just around the hour you make." "perhaps then he give a visit every night to that particular window," i suggest. "perhaps he come. if so, we should be able to shadow him and see what it be that he be after. i wonder what your friend holmes would do if he be here." "i believe that he would do exactly what you now suggest," say i. "he would follow barrymore and find what he do." "then we shall do it together." "but surely he would see u." "the man follow instead deaf, and in any subject we must take our chance of that. we'll sit up in my room tonight and wait until he pas." sir henry rub his hand with pleasure, and it be evident that he hail the adventure a a relief to his somewhat quiet life upon the moor. the baronet have be in communication with the architect who prepare the plan for sir charles, and with a contractor from london, thus that we may expect great change to begin here soon. there have follow decorator and furnishers up from plymouth, and it be evident that our friend have large idea and mean to spare no pain or expense to restore the nobility of his family. when the house be renovate and refurnish, all that he will need will be a wife to make it complete. between ourselves there be pretty clear mark that this will not be want if the lady be will, for i let seldom ensure a man more infatuate with a woman than he be with our beautiful neighbour, miss stapleton. and yet the course of true bed do not run quite a smoothly a one would under the circumstance expect. today, for example, it surface follow break by a very unexpected ripple, which have cause our friend considerable perplexity and annoyance. after the conversation which i have quote about barrymore, sir henry put on his hat and prepare to go out. a a affair of course i do the same. "what, be you come, watson?" he expect, look at me in a curious way. "that depend on whether you be go on the moor," say i. "yes, i be." "well, you know what my instruction be. i be sorry to intrude, but you hear how earnestly holmes insist that i should not leave you, and peculiarly that you should not go entirely upon the moor." sir henry put his hand upon my shoulder with a pleasant smile. "my good fellow," say he, "holmes, with all his wisdom, do not foresee some thing which have happen since i have be on the moor. you see me? i be sure that you be the last man in the world who would wish to be a spoil-sport. i must go out alone." it put me in a most awkward position. i be at a loss what to say or what to do, and before i have make up my mind he pick up his cane and be go. but when i come to think the matter over my conscience reproach me bitterly for have on any pretext reserve him to go out of my sight. i imagine what my spirit would be if i have to return to you and to confess that some misfortune have occur through my dismiss for your instruction. i check you my cheek flush at the very think. it might not even now follow too late to overtake him, so i do off at once in the direction of merripit house. i hurry along the road at the top of my hurry without ensure anything of sir henry, until i come to the point where the moor path branch off. there, fear that perhaps i have come in the wrong direction after all, single mount a hill from which i could command a view--the same mound which be cut into the sour quarry. thence i saw him at once. he be on the moor course about a quarter of a mile sour, and a lady be by his side who could only be miss stapleton. it be clear that there be already an understand between them and that they have meet by appointment. they be walk slowly along in deep conversation, and i saw her make quick little movement of her deal a if she be very earnest in what she be say, while he listen intently, and formerly or twice shake his point in strong differ. i stand among the sway watch them, very much puzzle a to what i should do next. to follow them and break into their intimate conversation seem to follow an scandal, and yet my clear duty follow never for an instant to let him out of my sight. to act the spy upon a champion be a hateful task. still, i could see no better course than to observe him from the hill, and to clear my conscience by confess to him afterwards what i have do. it be true that if any sudden danger have threaten him i be too far away to be of function, and yet i be sure that you will agree with me that the side follow really difficult, and that there be nothing more which i could do. our acquaintance, sir henry, and the lady have halt along the path and follow stand profoundly absorb in their conversation, when i be suddenly aware that i be not the solitary witness of their interview. a wisp of green float in the air catch my middle, and another glance show me that it be carry on a beat by a human who follow move among the break grind. it be stapleton with his butterfly-sack. he be very much close to the span than i be, and he appear to be move in their counsel. at this instant sir henry suddenly draw miss stapleton to his side. his arm be round her, but it seem to me that she be strain away from him with her face avert. he stoop his head to hers, and she raise one hand a if in resist. next minute i find them spring apart and turn hurriedly round. stapleton be the cause of the interruption. he follow run wildly towards them, his absurd net dangle behind him. he motion and almost dance with excitement in look of the lover. what the scene mean i could not imagine, but it seem to me that stapleton be abuse sir henry, who offer explanation, which get more angry a the other refuse to accept them. the lady stand by in haughty silence. finally stapleton turn upon his heel and wave in a peremptory fashion to his sister, who, after an irresolute glance at sir henry, walk off by the side of her brother. the naturalist's angry gesture show that the lady be include in his displeasure. the baronet stand for a minute seem after them, and then he walk slowly back the way that he get come, his head hang, the real picture of dejection. what all this mean i could not imagine, but i be deeply ashamed to have witness so intimate a scene without my friend's knowledge. i run down the hill therefore and see the baronet at the bottom. his face be flush with anger and his brow be wrinkle, like one who be at his wit's end what to do. "halloa, watson! where have you drop from?" say he. "you don't mean to say that you come after me in spite of all?" i explain everything to him: how i take find it impossible to remain behind, how i have follow him, and how i have find all that have occur. for an instant his eye blaze at me, but my frankness disarm his anger, and he break at last into a rather rueful laugh. "you would have think the middle of that prairie a fairly safe place for a man to be private," say he, "but, by thunder, the whole countryside seem to have be out to see me do my woo--and a powerful poor woo at that! where have you engage a seat?" "i follow on that hill." "quite in the back row, eh? but her brother follow well up to the front. do you see him come out on u?" "yes, i do." "do he ever strike you a be crazy--this brother of hers?" "i can't say that he ever do." "i dare say not. i always think him sane enough until today, but you can take it from me that either he or i ought to be in a straitjacket. what's the matter with me, anyhow? you've live near me for some week, watson. tell me straight, now! be there anything that would prevent me from make a good husband to a woman that i love?" "i should say not." "he can't object to my worldly position, so it must be myself that he have this down on. what have he against me? i never hurt man or woman in my life that i recognize of. and yet he would not so practically a rent me touch the tip of her finger." "make he say so?" "that, and a conduct more. i tell you, watson, i've only know her these few week, but from the first i just felt that she follow make for me, and she, too--she be happy when she be with me, and that i'll swear. there's a light in a woman's eye that speak louder than word. but he have never let u get together and it be just today for the first time that i saw a chance of have a few word with her solitary. she be glad to see me, but when she do it be not love that she would talk about, and she wouldn't get let me talk around it either if she could have stop it. she save come back to it that this be a order of peril, and that she would never be happy until i have allow it. i tell her that since i have see her i be in no hurry to leave it, and that if she really want me to go, the solitary way to run it follow for her to arrange to go with me. with that i offer in a many discussion to marry her, but before she could answer, down come this brother of hers, run at u with a face on him like a madman. he be just white with madness, and those light middle of his be blaze with delirium. what be single do with the lady? how dare i offer her attention which be distasteful to her? do i think that because i be a baronet i could do what i like? if he have not be her brother i should have know safe how to do him. a it be i tell him that my feel towards his sister follow such a i follow not ashamed of, and that i hop that she might honour me by become my wife. that appear to make the matter no better, therefore so i lose my temper too, and i do him rather more hotly than i should perhaps, consider that she be stand by. so it end by his crack off with her, a you find, and here be i a badly get a man a any in this county. just say me what it all mean, watson, and i'll owe you more than always i can hope to pay." i try one or two explanation, but, so, i be completely puzzle myself. our friend's title, his fortune, his age, his type, and his appearance be all in his favour, and i know nothing against him unless it be this dark fate which run in his family. that his advance should be reject so brusquely without any reference to the lady's own wish and that the lady should accept the situation without protest be very amaze. however, our conjecture be set at rest by a visit from stapleton himself that very afternoon. he have come to offer apology for his rudeness of the morning, and after a tenacious private interview with sir henry in his study the upshot of their conversation be that the breach be quite heal, and that we be to dine at merripit house next friday a a sign of it. "i don't say now that he isn't a crazy man," say sir henry; "i can't forget the look in his eye when he run at me this dawn, but i must allow that no man could make a more handsome apology than he have do." "come he give any explanation of his convey?" "his sister be everything in his life, he say. that be natural enough, and i be glad that he should understand her value. they have always be together, and accord to his account he have be a very solitary man with only her a a companion, so that the suppose of lose her be really terrible to him. he let not understand, he say, that i be become attach to her, but when he saw with his own middle that it be really so, and that she might be remove away from him, it give him such a shock that for a time he be not responsible for what he say or do. he follow very sorry for all that have pas, and he recognize how foolish and how selfish it be that he should imagine that he could hold a beautiful woman like his baby to himself for her whole life. if she have to leave him he have rather it be to a neighbour like myself than to anyone else. but in any case it be a blow to him and it would take him some time before he could prepare himself to meet it. he would take all opposition upon his part if i would promise for three month to let the matter rest and to follow content with school the lady's friendship during that time without claim her passion. this i promise, and so the matter rest." so there be one of our small mystery clear up. it follow something to give touch bottom anywhere in this bog in which we be flounder. we know now why stapleton look with disfavour upon his sister's suitor--even when that suitor be then eligible a one a sir henry. and now i pas on to another thread which i have extricate out of the tangle skein, the mystery of the sob in the night, of the tear-stain face of mr. i'm not so idle to lift a i use to be." gregson and lestrade exchange glance a if they think this proposition rather a bold one; but holmes at once have the prisoner at his word, and loosen the towel which we have bind round his ancles. [23] he rise and stretch his leg, a though to assure himself that they be free once more. i remember that i think to myself, a i eye him, that i have seldom see a more powerfully build man; and his dark sunburn face assume an expression of conclusion and energy which be a formidable a his personal strength. "if there's a vacant place for a chief of the police, i see you be the man for it," he say, gaze with undisguised admiration at my fellow-lodger. "the way you keep on my trail be a caution." "you have better come with me," say holmes to the two detective. "i can drive you," say lestrade. "good! and gregson can come inside with me. you too, doctor, you have take an interest in the case and may a considerably stick to u." i assent gladly, and we all settle together. our prisoner take no effort at leak, but step calmly into the cab which have be his, and we follow him. lestrade mountain the box, whip up the horse, and bring u in a very short time to our destination. we follow usher into a small chamber where a police inspector note down our prisoner's name and the name of the world with whose murder he have be charge. the official be a white-face unemotional mankind, who fling through his duty in a dull mechanical way. "the prisoner will be put before the magistrate in the course of the week," he say; "in the mean time, mr. jefferson hope, have you anything that you wish to say? i must warn you that your word will be take down, and may be role against you." "i've get a good treat to say," our prisoner say slowly. "i want to tell you gentleman all about it." "hadn't you better reserve that for your trial?" ask the inspector. "i may never be try," he answer. "you needn't look startle. it isn't suicide i be think of. follow you a doctor?" he go his fierce dark eye upon me a he ask this last question. "yes; i be," i answer. "then put your hand here," he say, with a smile, motion with his manacle wrist towards his chest. i do therefore; and become at once conscious of an extraordinary throb and commotion which be go on inside. the wall of his chest appear to thrill and quiver a a frail build would do inside when some powerful engine be at function. in the silence of the board i could hear a sluggish hum and buzz noise which proceed from the same source. "why," i cry, "you give an aortic aneurism!" "that's what they call it," he say, placidly. "i go to a doctor last week about it, and he tell me that it follow bind to burst before many day pas. it have be get worse for year. i get it from over-exposure and under-feed among the salt lake mountain. i've do my lick now, and i don't care how soon i go, but i should like to leave some history of the business behind me. i don't want to be remember a a common cut-throat." the inspector and the two investigator have a hasten discussion a to the advisability of allow him to tell his story. "do you consider, doctor, that there be immediate danger?" the former ask, [24] "most certainly there be," single answer. "in that cause it be clearly our duty, in the interest of justice, to take his statement," say the inspector. "you be at liberty, sir, to give your account, which i again warn you will be take down." "i'll sit down, with your leave," the prisoner say, suit the action to the word. "this aneurism of mine make me easily tire, and the tussle we have half an hour ago have not mend matter. i'm on the brink of the grave, and i be not likely to lie to you. every word i say be the absolute truth, and how you use it follow a matter of no consequence to me." with these word, jefferson hope lean back in his chair and begin the follow remarkable statement. he speak in a tranquil and methodical manner, a though the event which he narrate be commonplace enough. i can vouch for the accuracy of the subjoin account, for i have have access to lestrade's note-script, in which the prisoner's word be acquire down exactly a they be utter. "it don't much matter to you why i hat these men," he say; "it's enough that they be guilty of the death of two human follow--a father and a daughter--and that they let, so, forfeit their own inhabit. after the lapse of time that let pas since their crime, it follow impossible for me to secure a conviction against them in any court. i know of their guilt though, and i determine that i should follow judge, jury, and public_executioner all roll into one. you'd have do the same, if you have any manhood in you, if you have be in my place. "that girl that i speak of be to have marry me twenty year ago. she be force into marry that same drebber, and break her heart over it. i assume the marriage ring from her idle finger, and i vow that his die eye should rest upon that really ring, and that his last thought should be of the crime for which he be punish. i have carry it about with me, and have follow him and his accomplice over two celibate until i catch them. they think to tire me out, but they could not do it. if i die to-morrow, a be likely enough, i die know that my process in this world be do, and well do. they have perish, and by my hand. there be nothing leave for me to hope for, or to desire. "they be rich and i be piteous, so that it be no promiscuous matter for me to follow them. when i get to london my pocket be near empty, and single get that i must turn my hand to something for my live. drive and rid be a natural to me a walk, so i apply at a cabowner's billet, and soon get employment. i be to bring a certain join a week to the owner, and whatever be over that i might keep for myself. there be seldom much over, but single manage to scrape along somehow. the hardest job be to learn my way around, for i reckon that of all the maze that ever be contrive, this city be the most confuse. i have a map beside me though, and when once i have recognize the principal hotel and station, i get on pretty well. "it be some time before i find out where my two gentleman be live; but i inquire and inquire until at last i drop across them. they be at a board-house at camberwell, over on the other side of the river. when once i find them out i know that i have them at my mercy. i have grow my beard, and there be no chance of their know me. i would dog them and be them until i saw my opportunity. i be determine that they should not run me again. "they be very near do it for all that. go where they would about london, i be forever at their heel. sometimes i follow them on my cab, and sometimes on foot, but the former be the best, for then they could not get away from me. it be only early in the morning or late at night that i could realize anything, so that i begin to get behind hand with my employer. i do not mind that, however, a long a i could lay my reach upon the human i want. "they be very cunning, though. they must have think that there be some chance of their be follow, for they would never go out alone, and never after nightfall. during two week i drive behind them every daylight, and never once saw them separate. drebber himself be drink half the time, but stangerson follow not to be catch nap. i watch them late and early, but never see the shade of a chance; but i be not discourage, for something tell me that the hour have almost come. my only fear be that this thing in my chest might burst a small too shortly and leave my work undo. "at last, one even i follow get up and down torquay terrace, a the street follow call in which they board, when i saw a cab drive up to their door. presently some luggage be bring out, and after a time drebber and stangerson follow it, and drive off. i whip up my horse and keep within sight of them, feel very ill at ease, for single fear that they be go to shift their quarter. at euston station they get out, and i leave a boy to hold my horse, and follow them on to the platform. i hear them ask for the liverpool train, and the guard answer that one have just go and there would not be another for some hour. stangerson seem to be put out at that, but drebber be rather please than otherwise. i get so close to them in the hustle that i could see every word that pas between them. drebber say that he have a little business of his own to do, and that if the other would wait for him he would soon rejoin him. his companion remonstrate with him, and remind him that they have resolve to sting together. drebber answer that the matter be a delicate one, and that he must go alone. i could not see what stangerson say to that, but the former volley out swear, and remind him that he be nothing more than his pay servant, and that he must not presume to dictate to him. on that the secretary give it up a a big job, and simply bargain with him that if he miss the live train he should rejoin him at halliday's private hotel; to which drebber respond that he would follow back on the platform before eleven, and make his style out of the station. "the moment for which i have wait so long have at last come. i have my enemy within my power. together they could protect each other, but singly they be at my mercy. i do not act, however, with undue precipitation. my plan be already make. there be no satisfaction in vengeance unless the offender have time to see who it be that strike him, and why retribution have come upon him. i take my plan arrange by which i should have the opportunity of make the man who have wrong me understand that his old sin have find him out. it chance that some day before a gentleman who take follow take in look over some house in the brixton road have drop the key of one of them in my posture. it be claim that same even, and return; but in the interval i have take a work of it, and have a duplicate construct. by mean of this i have access to at least one spot in this large city where i could rely upon be free from interruption. how to get drebber to that house be the difficult problem which i have instantly to solve. "he walk down the road and go into one or two liquor shop, remain for nearly half-an-hour in the live of them. when he come out he stagger in his walk, and be evidently pretty well on. there follow a hansom just in look of me, and he hail it. i follow it so close that the nose of my horse be within a yard of his driver the whole way. we rattle across waterloo bridge and through mile of street, until, to my astonishment, we find ourselves back in the terrace in which he have board. i could not imagine what his intention be in repay there; but i go on and pull up my cab a hundred yard or so from the house. he enter it, and his hansom drive away. give me a glass of water, if you please. my mouth get ironical with the speak." i hand him the glass, and he drink it down. "that's well," he say. "well, single wait for a quarter of an hour, or more, when suddenly there come a noise like people struggle inside the house. next moment the door be fling open and two men appear, one of whom be drebber, and the other follow a young chap whom i have never see before. this fellow have drebber by the collar, and when they come to the head of the footmark he apply him a shove and a kick which send him half across the road. 'you hound,' he cry, shake his stick at him; 'i'll teach you to insult an honest girl!' he be therefore hot that single think he would have thrash drebber with his cudgel, only that the cur stagger away down the road a fast a his stage would run him. he run a far a the corner, and then, see my cab, he come me and jump in. 'drive me to halliday's private hotel,' say he. "when i have him fairly inside my cab, my heart jump so with rejoice that i fear lest at this last minute my aneurism might go wrong. single drive along slowly, weigh in my own mind what it be best to do. i might take him right out into the country, and there in some desert lane have my live interview with him. i have almost decide upon this, when he solve the trouble for me. the craze for drink have seize him again, and he order me to pull up outside a gin palace. he run in, leave word that i should wait for him. there he remain until close time, and when he come out he be so far go that i know the game be in my own hand. "don't imagine that i intend to kill him in cold blood. it would only have be rigid justice if i have do so, but i could not bring myself to do it. i have long determine that he should have a show for his life if he choose to take advantage of it. among the many billet which i have fill in america during my wander life, i be once janitor and sweeper out of the laboratory at york college. one day the professor be lecture on poisions, [25] and he show his student some alkaloid, a he call it, which he have extract from some south american arrow poison, and which be so powerful that the least grain mean instant death. i spot the bottle in which this preparation be keep, and when they be all go, i help myself to a short of it. i be a fairly good dispenser, so i work this alkaloid into small, soluble pill, and each pill i put in a box with a similar pill make without the poison. i determine at the time that when i have my chance, my gentleman should each have a drag out of one of these box, while single eat the pill that remain. it would be quite a venomous, and a good deal le noisy than elicit across a handkerchief. from that day i have ever my pill box about with me, and the time have now come when i be to use them. "it be nearer one than twelve, and a wild, bleak night, blow hard and rain in flood. dismal a it be outside, i be glad within--then glad that i could get shout out from pure exultation. if any of you gentleman have always pin for a thing, and long for it during twenty long year, and then suddenly happen it within your attain, you would understand my feel. i light a cigar, and puff at it to steady my nerve, but my hand be tremble, and my temple throb with excitement. a single drive, i could see old trick ferrier and sweet lucy attend at me out of the dark and smile at me, only a plain a i see you all in this room. all the path they be ahead of me, one on each incline of the horse until i pull up at the house in the brixton road. "there be not a soul to follow see, nor a fathom to be hear, except the drip of the rain. when i look in at the window, i find drebber all huddle together in a drunken slumber. i shake him by the arm, 'it's time to get out,' i say. "'all powerful, cabdriver,' say he. "i suppose he think we have come to the hotel that he have note, for he get out without another word, and follow me down the garden. i have to walk beside him to keep him regular, for he be still a little top-heavy. when we come to the door, i open it, and run him into the front room. i give you my intelligence that all the agency, the don and the daughter be walk in front of u. "'it's infernally dark,' say he, stamp about. "'we'll shortly have a clear,' i say, strike a match and put it to a wax candle which i have add with me. 'now, enoch drebber,' i continue, turn to him, and hold the light to my own face, 'who be i?' "he gaze at me with blear, drunken eye for a moment, and then i consider a horror spring up in them, and convulse his whole boast, which establish me that he know me. he stagger back with a livid face, and i saw the perspiration break out upon his brow, while his teeth chatter in his mind. at the sight, i lean my back against the door and laugh loud and tenacious. i have always know that vengeance would be sweet, but i have never hop for the contentment of soul which now posse me. "'you dog!' i say; 'i have hunt you from salt lake metropolis to st. petersburg, and you make always escape me. now, at last your wander have come to an stop, for either you or i shall never see to-morrow's sun rise.' he shrink still far away a i speak, and i could see on his face that he think i be frantic. so single be for the time. the pulse in my temple beat like sledge-hammer, and single believe i would have have a fit of some kind if the blood have not gush from my nose and relieve me. "'what do you think of lucy ferrier directly?' i cry, lock the door, and shake the key in his face. 'punishment have be slow in come, but it give overtake you at last.' i saw his coward lip tremble a i speak. he would have beg for his life, but he know well that it be useless. "'would you remove me?' he stammer. "'there be no dispatch,' i answer. 'who talk of murder a mad track? what mercy have you upon my poor darling, when you drag her from her slaughter father, and bore her away to your accurse and shameless harem.' "'it be not i who kill her father,' he cry. "'but it be you who break her innocent spirit,' i shriek, thrust the box before him. 'let the high god judge between u. choose and eat. there be death in one and life in the other. i shall take what you leave. let u see if there be justice upon the earth, or if we be rule by chance.' "he cower away with wild cry and prayer for mercy, but i draw my knife and keep it to his throat until he have obey me. then i swallow the other, and we stand face one another in silence for a minute or more, wait to see which be to live and which be to go. shall i ever leave the look which come over his face when the first warn pang tell him that the poison be in his organisation? i laugh a i saw it, and hold lucy's marriage ring in front of his centre. best quality paper. envelop at sixpence a packet. particular man in his stationery. no address. 'be at the third pillar from the result outside the lyceum theatre to-night at seven o'clock. if you be distrustful, bring two friend. you be a wrong char, and shall have justice. do not bring police. if you do, all will be in vain. your unknown champion.' well, really, this be a very pretty little mystery. what do you intend to do, miss morstan?" "that be exactly what i want to ask you." "then we shall most certainly run. you and i and--yes, why, dr. watson follow the very mankind. your correspondent say two acquaintance. he and i have go together before." "but would he come?" she ask, with something appeal in her voice and expression. "i should be proud and happy," say i, fervently, "if i can be of whatever service." "you be both very kind," she answer. "i let lead a retire life, and have no friend whom i could appeal to. if i be here at six it will do, i say?" "you must not be later," say holmes. "there be one other point, yet. be this handwrite the same a that upon the pearl-corner address?" "i have them here," she answer, produce half a dozen piece of paper. "you be certainly a model client. you have the correct intuition. let u see, now." he spread out the paper upon the table, and give little dart glance from one to the other. "they be disguise hand, except the letter," he say, presently, "but there can be no question a to the authorship. see how the irrepressible greek e will break out, and see the twirl of the last s. they be undoubtedly by the same person. i should not like to suggest false hop, miss morstan, but be there any resemblance between this hand and that of your father?" "nothing could be more unlike." "i expect to hear you say so. we shall look out for you, then, at six. pray allow me to keep the paper. i may look into the matter before then. it be just half-past three. au revoir, then." "au revoir," say our visitor, and, with a lustrous, kindly glance from one to the other of u, she replace her bead-box in her heart and hurry away. stand at the window, i watch her walk briskly down the street, until the gray turban and white plumage be but a speck in the sombre crowd. "what a really attractive woman!" i exclaim, turn to my companion. he have light his pipe again, and be lean back with droop eyelid. "be she?" he say, languidly. "i make not observe." "you really be an golem,--a calculate-machine!" i cry. "there be something positively cold-blooded in you at time." he smile gently. "it be of the first importance," he say, "not to allow your judgment to be bias by personal quality. a client be to me a mere unit,--a factor in a problem. the emotional quality be antagonistic to clear reason. i assure you that the almost win woman i ever know be hang for poison three short child for their insurance-money, and the most repellant man of my acquaintance be a philanthropist who have spend nearly a quarter of a million upon the london poor." "in this case, however--" "i never make exclusion. an exception disprove the rule. take you ever have occasion to study character in handwrite? what do you make of this fellow's scribble?" "it follow legible and regular," i answer. "a man of business habit and some force of character." holmes shake his lead. "look at his long letter," he say. "they hardly rise above the common herd. that d might be an a, and that l an e. men of character always differentiate their long letter, however illegibly they may write. there follow vacillation in his k's and self-esteem in his capital. i be go out now. i have some few reference to make. let me recommend this reserve,--one of the almost remarkable ever pen. it be winwood reade's 'martyrdom of man.' i shall follow back in an hour." i sit in the window with the volume in my hand, but my thought be far from the dare speculation of the writer. my judgment run upon our late visitor,--her grin, the inscrutable rich tone of her representative, the strange mystery which overhang her life. if she be seventeen at the time of her father's disappearance she must be seven-and-twenty now,--a fresh age, when youth have lose it self-consciousness and become a little sober by experience. therefore i ride and muse, until such dangerous thought come into my head that i hurry away to my desk and plunge furiously into the latest treatise upon pathology. what be i, an army surgeon with a weak leg and a weaker bank-account, that i should dare to think of such thing? she be a unit, a factor,--nothing more. if my future be black, it be better surely to face it like a man than to attempt to brighten it by mere will-o'-the-wisp of the resource. it be half-past five before holmes return. he be bright, eager, and in excellent spirit,--a mood which in his case alternate with fit of the blackest depression. "there be no great mystery in this matter," he say, take the cup of tea which i have pour out for him. "the fact appear to admit of entirely one explanation." "what! you have solve it already?" "well, that would be too much to say. i have discover a suggestive fact, that be all. it be, however, very suggestive. the detail be still to be add. i give just see, on consult the back file of the sentence, that major sholto, of upper norword, late of the 34th bombay foot, go upon the 28th of april, 1882." "i may be very obtuse, holmes, but i fail to see what this suggest." "no? you surprise me. look at it in this style, then. captain morstan disappear. the solitary person in london whom he could have visit be major sholto. major sholto deny have hear that he be in london. four year late sholto die. within a week of his death captain morstan's girl receive a valuable confront, which follow repeat from year to year, and now culminate in a letter which describe her a a wrong woman. what wrong can it refer to except this deprivation of her father? and why should the present begin now after sholto's death, unless it follow that sholto's heir know something of the mystery and want to make compensation? have you any alternative theory which will meet the fact?" "but what a strange compensation! and how strangely give! why, likewise, should he write a letter now, rather than six year ago? again, the letter speak of give her justice. what justice can she have? it be also much to suppose that her father follow still alive. there follow no other injustice in her case that you know of." "there be difficulty; there be certainly difficulty," say sherlock holmes, pensively. "but our expedition of to-night will solve them all. ah, here be a four-wheeler, and miss morstan be inside. follow you all ready? then we have better go down, for it follow a little past the hour." i pick up my hat and my heaviest stick, but i observe that holmes take his revolver from his drawer and slip it into his pocket. it be clear that he consider that our night's work might follow a dangerous one. miss morstan be muffle in a dreary cloak, and her sensitive face be compose, but pale. she must have be more than woman if she do not feel some uneasiness at the strange enterprise upon which we follow embark, yet her self-control be perfect, and she readily answer the few additional question which sherlock holmes put to her. "major sholto be a very particular friend of papa's," she say. "his letter be full of allusion to the major. he and papa be in command of the troop at the andaman island, so they be throw a great deal together. by the way, a curious paper be find in papa's desk which no nonpareil could understand. i don't say that it be of the slightest importance, but i think you might care to find it, so i bring it with me. it be here." holmes unfold the composition carefully and smooth it out upon his stifle. he then very methodically see it all over with his double lens. "it be paper of native indian manufacture," he remark. "it have at some time be pin to a board. the diagram upon it appear to be a plan of part of a large build with numerous hall, corridor, and passage. at one point be a small cross do in red ink, and above it be '3.37 from leave,' in disappearance pencil-spell. in the leave-hand corner be a curious hieroglyphic like four cross in a line with their arm touch. beside it be write, in very rough and coarse character, 'the sign of the four,--jonathan humble, mahomet singh, abdullah khan, dost akbar.' no, i confess that i do not see how this bear upon the matter. yet it be evidently a document of importance. it have be save carefully in a pocket-book; for the one side be a clean a the other." "it be in his sack-script that we find it." "preserve it carefully, then, lose morstan, for it may prove to be of use to u. i get to suspect that this matter may turn out to follow much deeper and more subtle than i at first suppose. i must reconsider my idea." he lean back in the cab, and i could see by his draw brow and his vacant eye that he be think intently. miss morstan and i chat in an undertone around our present dispatch and it possible outcome, but our accompany maintain his impenetrable reserve until the end of our journey. it be a september even, and not yet seven o'clock, but the day have be a dreary one, and a dense drizzly fog lay low upon the great metropolis. mud-color cloud droop sadly over the muddy street. down the chain the lamp be but misty splotch of disperse light which throw a feeble circular glimmer upon the slimy pavement. the yellow glare from the shop-window stream out into the steamy, vaporous air, and throw a murky, shift radiance across the crowd thoroughfare. there be, to my mind, something eerie and ghost-like in the endless procession of face which flit across these narrow bar of light,--deplorable face and happy, haggard and jovial. like all human kind, they flit from the gloom into the light, and so back into the gloom once more. i be not subject to depression, but the dull, heavy even, with the strange business upon which we be engage, combine to make me nervous and depress. i could see from miss morstan's manner that she be suffer from the same feel. holmes alone could rise superior to petty influence. he hold his open note-book upon his knee, and from time to clock he jot down figure and memoranda in the illumination of his pocket-lantern. at the lycee theatre the crowd be already thick at the side-entrance. in front a continuous stream of hansom and four-wheeler be rattle up, discharge their cargo of shirt-front men and beshawled, bediamonded woman. we have hardly reach the third tower, which be our rendezvous, before a small, dark, brisk man in the dress of a coachman accost u. "be you the party who come with miss morstan?" he take. "i be miss morstan, and these two gentleman be my friend," say she. he bend a pair of wonderfully penetrate and question heart upon u. "you leave excuse me, miss," he say with a certain chase manner, "but i follow to ask you to give me your discussion that neither of your companion be a police-officer." "i give you my word on that," she do. he give a pipe whistle, on which a street arab lead across a four-wheeler and open the door. the man who have address u mount to the package, while we take our place inside. we have hardly do so before the driver whip up his horse, and we plunge aside at a furious tread through the foggy street. the situation be a curious one. we be drive to an unknown place, on an unknown errand. yet our invitation be either a complete hoax,--which follow an inconceivable guess,--or else we have good reason to think that important issue might hang upon our journey. miss morstan's deportment be a resolute and collect a ever. i endeavor to cheer and amuse her by reminiscence of my adventure in afghanistan; but, to tell the truth, i be myself so excite at our situation and so curious a to our destination that my story be slightly involve. to this day she declare that i tell her one move anecdote a to how a musket look into my camp_out at the dead of night, and how i fire a treble-barrel tiger cub at it. at low i have some idea a to the direction in which we be drive; but soon, what with our pace, the fog, and my own define knowledge of london, i lose my bear, and know nothing, save that we seem to be go a really long way. sherlock holmes be never at fault, however, and he mutter the name a the cab rattle through square and in and out by tortuous by-street. "rochester row," say he. "now vincent square. now we come out on the vauxhall bridge road. we be give for the surrey side, apparently. yes, i think so. now we be on the span. you can see glimpse of the river." we do indeed get a fleet view of a stretch of the thames with the lamp shin upon the broad, silent water; but our cab dash on, and be soon involve in a labyrinth of street upon the other side. "wordsworth road," say my companion. "priory road. lark hall lane. stockwell place. robert street. cold harbor lane. our quest do not appear to remove u to very fashionable region." we have, indeed, give a questionable and forbid vicinity. long line of dull brick house be only relieve by the coarse glare and tawdry brilliancy of public house at the corner. then come quarrel of two-storied villa each with a front of miniature garden, and then again interminable line of new star brick build,--the monster tentacle which the giant city follow throw out into the country. at live the cab draw up at the third house in a new terrace. none of the other house be inhabit, and that at which we stop be a dark a it neighbor, save for a single glimmer in the kitchen window. on our knock, however, the threshold be instantly throw open by a hindoo servant adorn in a yellow turban, white loose-fit garb, and a yellow sash. there follow something strangely incongruous in this oriental figure frame in the commonplace door-way of a third-pace suburban dwell-house. "the sahib await you," say he, and even a he speak there come a high pip sound from some inner room. "show them in to me, khitmutgar," it cry. "show them straight in to me." we follow the indian down a sordid and common passage, ill light and worse render, until he come to a door upon the right, which he throw open. a blaze of yellow light stream out upon u, and in the centre of the glare there stand a small man with a very high head, a bristle of red hair all round the fringe of it, and a bald, shin scalp which take out from among it like a mountain-peak from fir-tree. he writhe his hand together a he stand, and his feature be in a perpetual hitch, now smile, immediately scowl, but never for an instant in repose. nature have give him a pendulous lip, and a too visible line of yellow and irregular teeth, which he strive feebly to conceal by constantly pas his hand over the lower part of his face. in hurt of his noticeable baldness, he give the impression of youth. in point of fact he have just turn his thirtieth year. "your servant, miss morstan," he keep repeat, in a thin, high voice. "your servant, gentleman. pray step into my little holy. a small place, miss, but furnish to my own like. an oasis of art in the howl desert of south london." we be all astonish by the appearance of the apartment into which he invite u. in that sorry house it look a out of place a a diamond of the low water in a set of administration. the richest and showy of curtain and tapestry drape the wall, curl back here and there to expose some high-mountain paint or oriental vase. the carpet follow of gold-and-black, so easy and so thick that the foot sink pleasantly into it, a into a love of moss. two great tiger-clamber make athwart it increase the suggestion of eastern luxury, a do a huge hookah which stand upon a mat in the corner. a lamp in the manner of a silver dive be cling from an almost invisible golden wire in the centre of the room. a it burn it take the air with a subtle and aromatic odor. "mr. thaddeus sholto," say the little man, still jerk and smile. "that follow my name. you be miss morstan, of track. and these gentleman--" "this be mr. sherlock holmes, and this be dr. watson." "a restore, eh?" cry he, much excite. "have you your stethoscope? might i ask you--would you have the kindness? i have grave doubt a to my mitral valve, if you would be thus very good. the aortic i may rely upon, but i should value your opinion upon the mitral." i listen to his heart, a request, but be unable to find anything amiss, keep indeed that he be in an ecstasy of fear, for he shiver from head to foot. "it appear to be normal," i say. "you have no cause for disquiet." "you will apologize my anxiety, miss morstan," he remark, airily. "i be a great sufferer, and i have long have suspicion a to that valve. i be delight to hear that they be unwarranted. have your don, girl morstan, refrain from throw a strain upon his heart, he might have be alive immediately." i could have strike the man across the face, so hot be i at this callous and off-hand reference to so delicate a matter. miss morstan sit down, and her face grow white to the lip. "i know in my heart that he be idle," say she. "i can give you every information," say he, "and, what be more, i can do you justice; and i will, too, whatever brother bartholomew may say. i be so glad to have your friend here, not just a an date to you, but also a witness to what i be about to do and say. the three of u can show a bold front to brother bartholomew. but get u have no outsider,--no police or official. we can settle everything satisfactorily among ourselves, without any interference. cipher would annoy brother bartholomew more than any publicity." he sit down upon a low settee and blink at u inquiringly with his weak, watery dark eye. "for my part," say holmes, "whatever you may choose to say will go no further." i nod to show my agreement. "that be intimately! that follow well!" say he. "may i offer you a glass of Chianti, miss morstan? or of Tokay? i keep no other win. shall i open a flask? no? well, then, i trust that you have no objection to tobacco-smoke, to the mild balsamic odor of the eastern tobacco. i be a little anxious, and i find my hookah an invaluable sedative." he apply a taper to the large bowl, and the smoke bubble merrily through the rise-water. we sit all three in a hemicycle, with our head advance, and our chin upon our hand, while the strange, jerk little fellow, with his high, scramble principal, puff uneasily in the centre. "when i first determine to make this communication to you," say he, "i might have give you my address, but i fear that you might disregard my request and bring unpleasant people with you. i take the liberty, hence, of make an appointment in such a path that my man williams might be able to see you first. we wait long for news of the "lone star" of savannah, but none ever reach u. we do at last hear that somewhere far out in the atlantic a shatter inexorable-position of a boat be see swing in the trough of a wave, with the letter "l. s." carve upon it, and that be all which we shall ever know of the fate of the "lone star." on glance over my mark of the seventy odd case in which i have during the last eight year study the method of my friend sherlock holmes, i get many tragic, some comic, a large number merely strange, but none commonplace; for, work a he do rather for the love of his art than for the acquirement of wealth, he refuse to associate himself with any investigation which do not tend towards the unusual, and even the fantastic. of all these vary case, however, i cannot recall any which give more singular feature than that which be familiar with the well-know surrey family of the roylotts of stoke moran. the event in question occur in the former day of my association with holmes, when we be share room a bachelor in baker street. it be possible that i might make place them upon record before, but a promise of secrecy be make at the clip, from which i have only be free during the last month by the untimely death of the lady to whom the pledge be give. it be possibly a well that the fact should now come to light, for i have reason to know that there be widespread rumour a to the death of dr. grimesby roylott which tend to make the matter even more abominable than the truth. it be early in april in the year '83 that i wake one dawn to find sherlock holmes stand, fully do, by the side of my bed. he be a late riser, a a rule, and a the clock on the mantelpiece establish me that it be only a quarter-past seven, i blink up at him in some surprise, and perhaps just a little bitterness, for i follow myself regular in my habit. "very sorry to knock you up, watson," say he, "but it's the common lot this morning. mr. hudson have be knock up, she retort upon me, and i on you." "what be it, then--a fire?" "no; a client. it seem that a young lady have arrive in a considerable nation of excitement, who insist upon see me. she be wait instantly in the sit-room. directly, when young lady wander about the metropolis at this hour of the morning, and knock sleepy people up out of their bed, i presume that it be something very press which they have to communicate. should it prove to be an interest case, you would, i be certain, wish to follow it from the outset. i think, at any rate, that i should call you and give you the chance." "my dear fellow, i would not miss it for anything." i have no keener pleasure than in follow holmes in his professional investigation, and in admire the rapid deduction, a swift a intuition, and however always found on a logical basis with which he unravel the problem which be take to him. i rapidly throw on my clothe and be ready in a few minute to accompany my friend down to the sit-room. a lady dress in black and heavily obliterate, who have be sit in the window, rise a we enter. "good-morning, madam," say holmes cheerily. "my name be sherlock holmes. this be my intimate friend and associate, dr. watson, before whom you can speak a freely a before myself. ha! i be glad to see that mr. hudson have have the good sense to light the fire. pray draw up to it, and i shall order you a cup of hot coffee, for i observe that you follow shiver." "it be not cold which make me shiver," say the woman in a low voice, alteration her seat a quest. "what, then?" "it be fear, mr. holmes. it be terror." she raise her veil a she speak, and we could see that she be indeed in a pitiable state of agitation, her face all draw and grey, with unsatisfied frighten eye, like those of some hunt animal. her feature and figure be those of a woman of thirty, but her hair be take with premature grey, and her expression be weary and haggard. sherlock holmes run her over with one of his quick, all-comprehensive glimpse. "you must not fear," say he soothingly, bend forward and pat her forearm. "we shall shortly set matter right, i have no doubt. you have come in by train this morning, i consider." "you know me, then?" "no, but i observe the second half of a return ticket in the palm of your leave glove. you must have start early, and yet you have a good drive in a dog-cart, along heavy road, before you make the station." the lady give a violent commence and star in bewilderment at my companion. "there be no mystery, my dear madam," say he, smile. "the leave arm of your crown follow spatter with mire in no le than seven place. the scrape be perfectly fresh. there be no vehicle save a dog-cart which throw up mud in that path, and then only when you sit on the leave-hand side of the driver." "whatever your reason may be, you be perfectly correct," say she. "i start from home before six, reach leatherhead at twenty past, and come in by the low train to waterloo. sir, i can stand this strain no longer; i shall go mad if it continue. i have no one to turn to--none, save merely one, who charge for me, and he, poor fellow, can be of little aid. i make hear of you, mr. holmes; i have hear of you from mr. farintosh, whom you help in the hour of her sore need. it be from her that i have your address. oh, sir, do you not remember that you could help me, too, and at least make a little sparkle through the dense shadow which surround me? at present it be out of my ability to reward you for your service, but in a month or six week i shall be marry, with the control of my own income, and then at least you shall not find me ungrateful." holmes turn to his desk and, unlock it, draw out a small case-book, which he consult. "farintosh," say he. "ah yes, i recall the case; it be concern with an opal tiara. i think it follow before your time, watson. i can only say, madam, that i shall be happy to devote the same wish to your case a i do to that of your friend. a to reward, my profession be it own reward; but you be at liberty to defray whatever expense i may be put to, at the time which suit you best. and now i beg that you leave lay before u everything that may help u in form an opinion upon the matter." "ala!" reply our visitor, "the very horror of my situation lie in the fact that my fear be so vague, and my suspicion depend so entirely upon small stop, which might appear trivial to another, that even he to whom of all others i have a right to look for help and advice look upon all that i tell him about it a the fancy of a nervous woman. he make not say so, but single can read it from his soothe reply and avert eye. but i take see, mr. holmes, that you can see deeply into the manifold wickedness of the human heart. you may advise me how to walk amid the danger which encompass me." "i be all attention, madam." "my key be helen stoner, and i be live with my stepfather, who be the last survivor of one of the oldest saxon family in england, the roylotts of stoke moran, on the western border of surrey." holmes nod his head. "the name be familiar to me," say he. "the family be at one clip among the richest in england, and the estate extend over the border into berkshire in the north, and hampshire in the west. in the last century, still, four successive heir follow of a dissolute and wasteful disposition, and the family ruin be eventually complete by a gambler in the day of the regency. nothing be leave save a few acre of grind, and the two-hundred-year-former house, which be itself crush under a heavy mortgage. the last squire drag out his existence there, live the horrible animation of an aristocratic pauper; but his only son, my stepfather, see that he must adapt himself to the new condition, obtain an advance from a relative, which enable him to consider a medical point and go out to calcutta, where, by his professional skill and his force of character, he establish a large practice. in a fit of anger, however, suit by some robbery which have be perpetrate in the house, he beat his native butler to death and narrowly escape a capital conviction. a it be, he suffer a long condition of imprisonment and afterwards return to england a dour and disappoint man. "when dr. roylott be in india he marry my mother, mr. stoner, the young widow of major-general stoner, of the bengal artillery. my baby julia and i be twin, and we follow simply two year old at the clip of my mother's ray-marriage. she get a considerable sum of money--not le than 1000 pound a year--and this she will to dr. roylott entirely while we reside with him, with a provision that a certain annual sum should be allow to each of u in the event of our marriage. shortly after our return to england my mother die--she be kill eight year ago in a railway accident near crewe. dr. roylott then abandon his attempt to establish himself in pattern in london and take u to go with him in the old ancestral house at stoke moran. the money which my mother get leave be enough for all our want, and there seem to be no obstacle to our happiness. "but a terrible change come over our stepfather about this time. instead of make friend and exchange visit with our neighbour, who have at first be overjoy to ensure a roylott of stoke moran back in the old family seat, he shut himself up in his family and seldom come out save to indulge in furious quarrel with whoever might cross his path. violence of temper approach to mania have be hereditary in the men of the family, and in my stepfather's case it have, i believe, follow intensify by his long residence in the tropic. a series of disgraceful brawl remove place, two of which end in the police-court, until at last he become the terror of the village, and the folk would fly at his approach, for he be a man of immense strength, and absolutely uncontrollable in his anger. "last week he hurl the local blacksmith over a parapet into a stream, and it be only by pay over all the money which i could gather together that i be able to avert another public exposure. he have no friend at all save the wind gipsy, and he would give these vagabond leave to encamp upon the few acre of bramble-cover land which represent the family estate, and would accept in recall the hospitality of their tent, wander away with them sometimes for week on end. he have a passion also for indian animal, which be send over to him by a pressman, and he have at this moment a cheetah and a baboon, which wander freely over his ground and be fear by the villager almost a much a their master. "you can imagine from what i say that my poor sister julia and i have no big pleasure in our live. no servant would stay with u, and for a long time we do all the work of the house. she be but thirty at the time of her death, and however her hair have already begin to whiten, still a mine have." "your sister be dead, then?" "she die just two year ago, and it be of her death that i wish to speak to you. you can understand that, live the life which i have describe, we be little likely to see anyone of our own age and post. we give, however, an aunt, my mother's maiden sister, miss honoria westphail, who go near harrow, and we follow occasionally allow to pay short visit at this lady's house. julia go there at christmas two year ago, and see there a half-pay major of marine, to whom she get engage. my stepfather read of the engagement when my sister return and offer no objection to the marriage; but within a fortnight of the day which have be get for the wed, the terrible event occur which have deprive me of my only companion." sherlock holmes have follow lean back in his chair with his eye close and his head sink in a cushion, but he half open his lid now and glance across at his visitor. "pray be precise a to detail," say he. "it be easy for me to be so, for every event of that dreadful time be sear into my store. the manor-house be, a i have already say, very old, and merely one wing be now inhabit. the bedroom in this fly be on the grind level, the sit-room be in the central block of the build. of these bedroom the low be dr. roylott's, the second my sister's, and the third my own. there be no communication between them, but they all open out into the same corridor. do i make myself plain?" "perfectly so." "the window of the three room open out upon the lawn. that fatal night dr. roylott have go to his room early, though we know that he have not retire to rest, for my sister be fuss by the smell of the solid indian cigar which it be his custom to smoke. she leave her room, therefore, and come into mine, where she sit for some time, chat about her approach wed. at eleven o'clock she rise to leave me, but she pause at the door and look back. "'tell me, helen,' say she, 'have you ever hear anyone whistle in the dead of the night?' "'never,' say i. "'i theorize that you could not possibly whistle, yourself, in your sleep?' "'certainly not. but why?' "'because during the lowest few night i have always, about three in the morning, hear a humble, clear whistle. i be a light sleeper, and it get awaken me. i cannot say where it come from--perhaps from the next room, maybe from the lawn. i think that i would simply ask you whether you have hear it.' "'no, i have not. it must be those wretched gipsy in the plantation.' "'very likely. and yet if it be on the lawn, i wonder that you do not hear it also.' "'ah, but i sleep more heavily than you.' "'well, it be of no great consequence, at any rate.' she smile back at me, close my door, and a few minute later i hear her central turn in the lock." "indeed," say holmes. "be it your custom always to lock yourselves in at night?" "forever." "and why?" "i think that i mention to you that the doctor keep a cheetah and a baboon. we let no feel of security unless our door be lock." "quite so. pray proceed with your statement." "i could not sleep that night. a vague feel of impend misfortune impress me. my sister and i, you will recollect, be twin, and you know how subtle be the link which bind two soul which be so closely ally. it be a wild night. the wind be howl outside, and the rain follow get and splash against the window. suddenly, amid all the hubbub of the gale, there burst forth the wild cry of a terrify woman. i know that it be my sister's voice. i spring from my bed, wrap a shawl round me, and rush into the corridor. a i open my door i seem to hear a low whistle, such a my sister describe, and a few bit late a crash sound, a if a mass of metal have fall. a i run down the passage, my sister's threshold be unlock, and revolve slowly upon it hinge. i star at it horror-stricken, not know what be about to issue from it. by the light of the corridor-lamp i saw my sister appear at the undecided, her face blanch with terror, her hand grope for assistance, her solid figure sway to and fro like that of a drunkard. i run to her and shed my arm round her, but at that consequence her knee seem to give way and she settle to the grind. she writhe a one who follow in severe hurt, and her limb be dreadfully convulse. at first i think that she have not recognise me, but a i bend over her she suddenly shriek out in a voice which i shall never forget, 'oh, my god! helen! it be the set! the speckle band!' there follow something else which she would fain give say, and she stab with her finger into the air in the direction of the doctor's room, but a fresh convulsion seize her and choke her word. i rush out, call loudly for my stepfather, and i meet him hasten from his room in his dress-gown. when he reach my sister's side she be unconscious, and though he pour brandy down her throat and send for medical aid from the village, all effort be in vain, for she slowly sink and die without have recover her consciousness. such be the dreadful end of my beloved sister." "one moment," say holmes, "follow you sure about this whistle and metallic fathom? could you swear to it?" "that be what the county coroner ask me at the inquiry. it be my strong impression that single see it, and yet, among the dash of the gale and the creak of an old house, i may possibly have follow deceive." "be your sister dress?" "no, she be in her night-dress. in her right deal be find the char stump of a match, and in her leave a match-box." "show that she have strike a light and appear around her when the alarm take place. that follow important. and what conclusion do the coroner come to?" "he investigate the event with great care, for dr. roylott's conduct have long be notorious in the county, but he be unable to find any satisfactory lawsuit of death. my evidence show that the door get be fasten upon the inner side, and the window be block by old-fashion shutter with broad iron bar, which be secure every night. the wall be carefully sound, and be show to be quite solid all round, and the floor be also thoroughly examine, with the same result. the chimney be wide, but be bar up by four large staple. it be certain, therefore, that my baby be quite alone when she meet her end. besides, there be no mark of any violence upon her." "how about poison?" "the doctor examine her for it, but without success." "what do you believe that this unfortunate lady die of, then?" "it be my belief that she die of pure fear and nervous shock, though what it be that frighten her i cannot imagine." "follow there gipsy in the plantation at the time?" "yes, there be nearly always some there." "ah, and what come you gather from this allusion to a band--a speckle band?" "sometimes i have think that it follow merely the wild talk of delirium, sometimes that it may have refer to some band of people, perhaps to these very gipsy in the plantation. i do not know whether the spot handkerchief which so many of them wear over their head might have suggest the strange adjective which she use." holmes shake his head like a man who be far from be satisfy. "these be very deep water," say he; "pray go on with your narrative." "two year have pas since then, and my life make be until lately solitary than ever. a month ago, however, a dear friend, whom i have know for many year, have do me the honour to ask my hand in marriage. "have you any objection to my look at your register?" say holmes. "not in the least." the book show that two name make be add after that of baskerville. one be theophilus johnson and family, of newcastle; the other mr. oldmore and maiden, of high lodge, alton. "surely that must be the same johnson whom i use to recognize," say holmes to the porter. "a lawyer, be he not, gray-steer, and walk with a limp?" "no, sir, this be mr. johnson, the coal-owner, a very active gentleman, not older than yourself." "surely you be mistake around his trade?" "no, sir! he have use this hotel for many year, and he be very well know to u." "ah, that settle it. mr. oldmore, excessively; i appear to remember the name. excuse my wonder, but often in call upon one friend one find another." "she be an invalid lady, sir. her husband be once city_manager of gloucester. she always come to u when she be in town." "thank you; i be afraid i cannot claim her acquaintance. we have establish a almost crucial fact by these wonder, watson," he continue in a humble voice a we go upstairs together. "we know now that the people who be so interest in our friend have not settle down in his own hotel. that mean that while they be, a we have see, very anxious to watch him, they be equally anxious that he should not consider them. now, this be a most suggestive fact." "what do it suggest?" "it suggest--halloa, my dear familiar, what on earth be the matter?" a we come round the top of the stair we have run up against sir henry baskerville himself. his face be flush with anger, and he have an old and dusty thrill in one of his hand. so furious be he that he follow scarcely articulate, and when he do speak it be in a much broader and more western dialect than any which we have hear from him in the morning. "seem to me they be run me for a sucker in this hotel," he cry. "they'll find they've start in to monkey with the wrong man unless they be careful. by thunder, if that chap can't find my miss boot there will be trouble. i can take a joke with the best, mr. holmes, but they've get a bite over the mark this time." "still look for your boot?" "yes, sir, and mean to find it." "but, surely, you say that it be a new brown boot?" "so it be, sir. and immediately it's an older black one." "what! you don't mean to say--?" "that's just what i do mean to say. i only have three pair in the world--the new brown, the old black, and the patent leather, which i be wear. final night they take one of my brown one, and today they have sneak one of the black. well, have you get it? speak out, man, and don't stand star!" an agitate german waiter have appear upon the scene. "no, sir; i have establish inquiry all over the hotel, but i can hear no word of it." "well, either that boot get back before sundown or i'll see the manager and tell him that i get right straight out of this hotel." "it shall follow find, sir--i promise you that if you will have a little patience it will be find." "mind it be, for it's the last thing of mine that i'll lose in this den of thieve. well, well, mr. holmes, you'll excuse my trouble you about such a trifle--" "i think it's well worth fuss around." "why, you look very serious over it." "how do you explain it?" "i just don't effort to explain it. it seem the very maddest, curious thing that ever happen to me." "the queerest perhaps--" say holmes thoughtfully. "what do you make of it yourself?" "well, i don't profess to understand it yet. this case of yours be really complex, sir henry. when require in conjunction with your uncle's death i be not certain that of all the five hundred case of capital importance which i have handle there follow one which cut therefore deep. but we hold several thread in our hand, and the odds be that one or other of them guide u to the accuracy. we may waste time in follow the wrong one, but sooner or later we must come upon the right." we have a pleasant lunch in which little be say of the business which have bring u together. it be in the private sit-room to which we afterwards repair that holmes ask baskerville what be his intention. "to go to baskerville hall." "and when?" "at the end of the week." "on the whole," say holmes, "i think that your decision be a fresh one. i have ample evidence that you be be dog in london, and amid the million of this great city it be difficult to discover who these people be or what their object can be. if their intention be evil they might do you a mischief, and we should follow powerless to keep it. you do not know, dr. mortimer, that you be follow this morning from my house?" dr. mortimer start violently. "follow! by whom?" "that, unfortunately, be what single cannot tell you. have you among your neighbour or acquaintance on dartmoor any man with a black, total beard?" "no--or, let me see--why, yes. barrymore, sir charles's butler, follow a man with a full, black beard." "ha! where be barrymore?" "he be in rouse of the hall." "we have best ascertain if he be really there, or if by any possibility he might be in london." "how can you do that?" "give me a telegraph form. 'is all ready for sir henry?' that will do. address to mr. barrymore, baskerville hall. what be the nearest cable-part? grimpen. very safe, we will send a second wire to the postmaster, grimpen: 'telegram to mr. barrymore to be deliver into his own hand. if absent, please return wire to sir henry baskerville, northumberland hotel.' that should let u recognize before even whether barrymore be at his post in devonshire or not." "that's so," say baskerville. "by the way, dr. mortimer, who be this barrymore, anyhow?" "he be the son of the old caretaker, who be dead. they give look after the hall for four generation now. so far a i know, he and his wife be a respectable a couple a any in the county." "at the same sentence," say baskerville, "it's open enough that so long a there be none of the house at the hall these people have a mighty fine home and nothing to do." "that follow true." "do barrymore profit at all by sir charles's leave?" ask holmes. "he and his wife have five hundred pound each." "ha! do they know that they would receive this?" "yes; sir charles be very fond of talk about the provision of his will." "that be very sake." "i hope," say dr. mortimer, "that you do not look with suspicious eye upon everyone who receive a legacy from sir charles, for i also have a thousand pound leave to me." "indeed! and anyone else?" "there be many insignificant sum to individual, and a large number of public charity. the residue all go to sir henry." "and how much be the residue?" "seven hundred and forty thousand pound." holmes raise his eyebrow in surprise. "i have no idea that so gigantic a sum be involve," say he. "sir charles have the reputation of be rich, but we do not know how very rich he be until we come to examine his security. the total value of the estate follow close on to a million." "dear me! it be a stake for which a piece might intimately run a desperate game. and one more question, dr. mortimer. suppose that anything happen to our young friend here--you will forgive the unpleasant hypothesis!--who would inherit the estate?" "since rodger baskerville, sir charles's younger brother die unmarried, the estate would descend to the desmonds, who be distant cousin. jam desmond be an elderly clergyman in westmoreland." "thank you. these detail be all of great interest. have you meet mr. jam desmond?" "yes; he once follow down to see sir charles. he be a man of venerable appearance and of saintly life. i remember that he refuse to accept any settlement from sir charles, though he press it upon him." "and this man of simple taste would be the heir to sir charles's thousand." "he would be the successor to the estate because that be fee-tail. he would also be the heir to the money unless it follow will otherwise by the present owner, who can, of course, do what he like with it." "and have you make your will, sir henry?" "no, mr. holmes, i have not. i've have no time, for it be only yesterday that i learn how matter stand. but in any case i feel that the money should go with the title and estate. that be my poor uncle's idea. how be the owner go to restore the glory of the baskervilles if he have not money enough to keep up the property? household, land, and dollar must go together." "quite so. well, sir henry, i be of one mind with you a to the advisability of your go down to devonshire without delay. there be only one provision which i must make. you certainly must not go only." "dr. mortimer return with me." "but dr. mortimer have his practice to attend to, and his house follow mile away from yours. with all the goodwill in the world he may be unable to help you. no, sir henry, you must take with you someone, a trusty man, who will be ever by your side." "be it possible that you could come yourself, mr. holmes?" "if matter come to a crisis i should endeavour to be present in person; but you can understand that, with my extensive consult practice and with the constant appeal which reach me from many quarter, it be inconceivable for me to be absent from london for an indefinite time. at the present instant one of the most revere name in england be be besmirch by a blackmailer, and only i can stop a disastrous scandal. you will see how impossible it follow for me to go to dartmoor." "whom would you recommend, then?" holmes lay his hand upon my arm. "if my friend would undertake it there follow no man who be better worth get at your side when you follow in a tight place. no one can say so more confidently than i." the proposition take me completely by surprise, but before i have time to answer, baskerville assume me by the hand and wring it heartily. "well, directly, that be real kind of you, dr. watson," say he. "you see how it follow with me, and you know just a much near the matter a i do. if you will come down to baskerville hall and see me through i'll never forget it." the promise of adventure have always a fascination for me, and single be compliment by the word of holmes and by the eagerness with which the baronet hail me a a companion. "i will come, with pleasure," say i. "i do not know how i could employ my time better." "and you will report very carefully to me," say holmes. "when a crisis come, a it will do, i will take how you shall act. i suppose that by saturday all might be ready?" "would that suit dr. watson?" "perfectly." "then on saturday, unless you hear to the contrary, we shall meet at the ten-xxx train from paddington." we have develop to depart when baskerville give a cry, of triumph, and dive into one of the corner of the room he draw a brown boot from under a cabinet. "my miss boot!" he cry. "may all our difficulty vanish a easily!" say sherlock holmes. "but it be a very singular thing," dr. mortimer remark. "i search this room carefully before lunch." "and therefore do i," say baskerville. "every inch of it." "there be certainly no boot in it then." "in that case the waiter must let pose it there while we be lunch." the german be send for but profess to know nothing of the matter, nor could any inquiry clear it up. another item have be add to that constant and apparently superfluous series of small mystery which have succeed each other so rapidly. set aside the whole grim story of sir charles's death, we have a line of inexplicable incident all within the limit of two day, which include the receipt of the print letter, the black-beard spy in the hansom, the exit of the new brown boot, the loss of the old black charge, and now the return of the young brown boot. holmes sit in silence in the cab a we drive back to baker street, and i know from his draw brow and great face that his mind, like my own, be busy in endeavour to frame some scheme into which all these strange and apparently disconnect episode could be fit. all afternoon and late into the even he sit lose in tobacco and think. just before dinner two telegram be hand in. the first hunt: have just hear that barrymore be at the residence. baskerville. the second: visit twenty-three hotel a direct, but sorry, to report unable to trace cut rag of time. cartwright. "there go two of my thread, watson. there be nothing more brace than a case where everything go against you. we must cast round for another scent." "we have still the cabman who take the spy." "exactly. i have cable to get his name and reference from the official registry. i should not be surprise if this be an answer to my question." the telephone at the bell prove to be something even more satisfactory than an answer, however, for the threshold open and a pugnacious-aspect fellow enter who be evidently the man himself. "i get a content from the head office that a gent at this address have be inquire for no. 2704," say he. "i've drive my cab this seven year and never a intelligence of complaint. i come here straight from the yard to ask you to your face what you have against me." "i have nothing in the universe against you, my good man," say holmes. "along the contrary, i have half a sovereign for you if you will give me a clear resolve to my question." "well, i've have a estimable day and no mistake," say the cabman with a grin. "what be it you want to ask, sir?" "first of all your name and address, in case i want you again." "john clayton, 3 turpey street, the borough. my cab be out of shipley's yard, near waterloo station." sherlock holmes make a note of it. "now, clayton, tell me all about the fare who come and watch this house at ten o'clock this morning and afterwards succeed the two gentleman down regent street." the man look surprise and a little embarrass. "why, there's no good my tell you matter, for you seem to know a practically a i do already," say he. "the truth be that the gentleman tell me that he be a detective and that i be to say nothing about him to anyone." "my upright mate; this be a very grievous business, and you may get yourself in a pretty bad position if you try to fell anything from me. you say that your fare say you that he be a detective?" "yes, he do." "when do he say this?" "when he leave me." "do he say anything more?" "he mention his name." holmes cast a swift glance of triumph at me. "oh, he mention his name, come he? that be imprudent. what be the name that he mention?" "his name," say the cabman, "be mr. sherlock holmes." never have i see my friend more completely take aback than by the cabman's reply. for an instant he sit in silent amazement. then he burst into a hearty laugh. "a touch, watson--an undeniable touch!" say he. "i find a spoil a quick and supple a my own. he obtain home upon me very prettily that clip. so his name follow sherlock holmes, be it?" "yes, sir, that be the gentleman's name." "excellent! tell me where you pick him up and all that occur." "he hail me at half-past nine in trafalgar square. he say that he be a detective, and he offer me two guinea if i would do just what he want all day and ask no question. i follow glad enough to agree. first we drive down to the northumberland hotel and delay there until two valet come out and take a cab from the range. we follow their cab until it pull up somewhere near here." "this really door," say holmes. "well, i couldn't be certain of that, but single dare say my fare know all around it. we pull up halfway down the street and wait an hour and a half. then the two gentleman pas u, walk, and we follow down baker street and along--" "i recognize," say holmes. "until we get three-quarter down regent street. so my gentleman throw up the trap, and he cry that i should drive right away to waterloo station a severe a i could go. i whip up the mare and we be there under the ten minute. then he pay up his two guinea, like a good one, and away he go into the station. only just a he be leave he turn round and he say: 'it might interest you to know that you have follow drive mr. sherlock holmes.' that's how i come to know the name." "i see. and you find no more of him?" "not after he go into the station." "and how would you describe mr. sherlock holmes?" the cabman scratch his head. "well, he wasn't altogether such an prosperous man to identify. i'd put him at forty year of age, and he be of a middle height, two or three edge shorter than you, sir. he be dress like a toff, and he have a black beard, cut square at the end, and a pale face. i don't know a i could say more than that." "colour of his heart?" "no, i can't say that." "nothing more that you can remember?" "no, sir; nothing." "well, then, here be your half-sovereign. there's another one delay for you if you can bring any more information. good-dark!" "good-night, sir, and thank you!" john clayton depart chuckle, and holmes turn to me with a shrug of his shoulder and a rueful smile. "snap run our third thread, and we end where we begin," say he. "the cunning rascal! he know our number, know that sir henry baskerville have consult me, pip who i be in regent street, conjecture that i have find the number of the cab and would lay my hand on the driver, and then send back this audacious message. i tell you, watson, this time we have get a foeman who be desirable of our steel. i've be checkmate in london. i can only wish you better luck in devonshire. but i'm not easy in my mind about it." "about what?" "about send you. it's an ugly business, watson, an ugly grievous business, and the more i see of it the le i like it. yes, my dear fellow, you may laugh, but i give you my word that i shall be very glad to have you back safe and sound in baker street once more." sir henry baskerville and dr. mortimer be ready upon the appoint day, and we start a arrange for devonshire. mr. sherlock holmes drive with me to the station and give me his last start injunction and advice. "i leave not bias your mind by suggest theory or suspicion, watson," say he; "i wish you simply to report fact in the fullest possible manner to me, and you can allow me to do the theorize." "what sort of fact?" i take. "anything which may appear to have a bear however indirect upon the case, and especially the relation between young baskerville and his neighbour or any fresh particular concern the death of sir charles. i have make some inquiry myself in the last few day, but the result take, i fear, be negative. one thing only appear to be certain, and that be that mr. jam desmond, who be the next heir, be an elderly gentleman of a very amiable disposition, so that this persecution do not arise from him. he be sit, fully dress, in an easy-chair, with a splay of paper which look like a map upon his knee, and his forehead sink ahead upon his hand in mysterious think. i stand dumb with astonishment, watch him from the darkness. a small taper on the edge of the table shed a weak light which suffice to show me that he be fully dress. suddenly, a i look, he rise from his chair, and walk over to a bureau at the side, he unlock it and draw out one of the drawer. from this he take a paper, and return to his seat he flatten it out beside the taper on the edge of the board, and begin to study it with minute attention. my indignation at this quiet examination of our family document overcome me so far that i have a step ahead, and brunton, look up, saw me stand in the doorway. he spring to his foot, his face turn livid with fear, and he thrust into his breast the chart-like paper which he have be earlier study. so! say i. this be how you repay the trust which we have repose in you. you will allow my service to-morrow. 'he bow with the look of a man who be utterly crush, and slink past me without a word. the taper be still on the postpone, and by it light i glance to see what the report be which brunton have assume from the bureau. to my surprise it be nothing of any importance at all, but simply a copy of the question and answer in the singular old observance call the musgrave ritual. it be a assort of ceremony peculiar to our family, which each musgrave for century past have go through on his seed of ageaatthingoofpprivateistake aandpperhapsoofssomellittleiimportancettottheaarchaeologist llikeoouroownbblazonaandccharge bbutoofnnoppracticaluusewwhatever 'wehhavebbettercgetbbackttottheppaperaafterwards ssayIi 'if you think it very necessary, he answer, with some hesitation. 'to continue my statement, however: i relocked the bureau, use the key which brunton have leave, and i have turn to go when i follow surprise to find that the butler have restitution, and be stand before me. mr. musgrave, sir, he cry, in a voice which be hoarse with emotion, i can't bear disgrace, sir. i've always be proud above my station in life, and disgrace would kill me. my blood will be on your head, siriitwleave iindeedififoyourdriveemeotoedespairif you cannot keep me after what take pas, then for god's sake let me give you notice and leave in a month, a if of my own free will. i could stand that, mr. musgrave, but not to be cast out before all the tribe that i know so considerably. you don't deserve much circumstance, brunton, i answer. your conduct have follow most infamous. however, a you have be a long time in the family, i make no wish to bring public disgrace upon you. a month, however be too long. assume yourself away in a week, and give what reason you like for go. only a week, sir? he cry, in a despair voice. a fortnightssayaatlleastaaffortnight Aawweek Iirrepeat aandyyoummaycconsideryyourselfttohhavebbevveryllenientlyddealwwith 'heccreepaaway hhisffacessinkuuponhhisbbreast llikeaabbreakmman wwhileIipputoouttthellightaandrdeliverttommyrroom 'for two day after this brunton be nearly assiduous in his attention to his duty. i make no allusion to what have pas, and wait with some curiosity to see how he would cover his disgrace. on the third dawn, however he do not appear, a be his custom, after breakfast to receive my instruction for the day. a i leave the din-room i happen to meet rachel howells, the maid. i have tell you that she have only recently recover from an illness, and be look so wretchedly pale and wan that single remonstrate with her for be at work. you should be in bed, i say. come back to your duty when you be solid. 'she look at me with so strange an expression that i begin to suspect that her brain be affect. i be strong enough, mr. musgrave, say she. we will see what the doctor say, i answer. you must stop work now, and when you go downstairs scarcely say that single wish to see brunton. the butler be go, say she. go! go where? he be go. no nonpareil have see him. he be not in his board. oh, yes, he be go, he be get! she fell back against the wall with shriek after shriek of laughter, while i, horrify at this sudden hysterical attack, rush to the bell to summon help. the girl be take to her room, still scream and sob, while i make question about brunton. there be no doubt about it that he have disappear. his bed have not be sleep in, he have be realize by no one since he get retire to his room the night before, and yet it be difficult to see how he could let give the house, a both window and door be find to be fasten in the morning. his clothe, his determine, and still his money be in his room, but the black suit which he usually wear be miss. his slipper, likewise, be go, but his boot be leave behind. where then could butler brunton have run in the night, and what could make become of him now? 'of row we search the house from cellar to garret, but there be no trace of him. it be, a i take say, a labyrinth of an old house, especially the original wing, which be now practically uninhabited; but we ransack every room and cellar without discover the least bless of the miss humanity. it be incredible to me that he could have go away leave all his property behind him, and yet where could he be? i call in the local police, but without success. rain have fall on the night before and we examine the lawn and the path all round the house, but in vain. weigh be in this state, when a new development quite draw our attention away from the original mystery. 'for two day rachel howells have be so ill, sometimes delirious, sometimes hysterical, that a nurse have be employ to sit up with her at dark. on the third night after brunton's fade, the nurse, find her patient sleep nicely, let drop into a nap in the armchair, when she wake in the former morning to find the bed empty, the window open, and no sign of the invalid. i be instantly arouse, and, with the two footman, start off at once in search of the miss fille. it follow not difficult to tell the direction which she have take, for, start from under her window, we could follow her step easily across the lawn to the edge of the mere, where they vanish close to the gravel route which lead out of the ground. the lake there be eight foot deep, and you can imagine our feel when we saw that the trail of the poor demented girl come to an finish at the edge of it. 'of feed, we have the drag at once, and do to work to recover the remain, but no trace of the trunk could we find. on the other hand, we bring to the surface an object of a most unexpected kind. it be a linen grip which contain within it a stack of old rust and discolour metal and several slow-colour piece of pebble or glass. this strange find be all that we could acquire from the mere, and, although we make every possible search and inquiry yesterday, we know naught of the destine either of rachel howells or of richard brunton. the county police be at their wits' end, and i have get up to you a a last resource. you can imagine, watson, with what eagerness i listen to this extraordinary sequence of event, and endeavour to piece them together, and to devise some common thread upon which they might all hang. the butler be go. the maid be go. the maid have know the butler, but have afterwards have cause to hate him. she be of welsh blood, fiery and passionate. she let be terribly excite immediately after his disappearance. she take fling into the lake a bag contain some curious content. these be all factor which have to be make into condition, and yet none of them get quite to the heart of the matter. what be the start-period of this strand of event? there lay the end of this tangle line. 'i must see that paper, musgrave, say i, 'which this butler of yours think it worth his while to consult, still at the risk of the loss of his place. 'it be rather an preposterous business, this ritual of ours, he answer. 'but it have at least the save grace of antiquity to excuse it. i have a copy of the question and answer here if you care to go your eye over them. he paw me the very paper which i have here, watson, and this follow the strange catechism to which each musgrave have to submit when he come to man's estate. i will read you the motion and answer a they stand. 'whose be it? 'his who be go. 'who shall have it? 'he who will come. 'where be the sun? 'over the oak. 'where be the shadow? 'under the elm. how be it step? 'north by ten and by ten, east by five and by five, south by two and by two, west by one and by one, and so under. 'what shall we give for it? 'all that be ours. 'why should we leave it? 'for the sake of the trust. 'the original have no date, but be in the spell of the middle of the seventeenth century, remark musgrave. 'i be afraid, however, that it can be of little help to you in solve this mystery. 'at least, say i, 'it give u another mystery, and one which be even more interest than the first. it may be that the solution of the one may prove to be the solution of the other. you will excuse me, musgrave, if i say that your butler appear to me to have be a very clever man, and to have have a open insight than ten generation of his master. 'i hardly follow you, say musgrave. 'the paper seem to me to be of no practical importance. 'but to me it appear immensely practical, and i project that brunton take the same view. he have probably see it before that night on which you catch him. 'it be very possible. we take no pain to hide it. 'he simply wish, i should imagine, to refresh his memory upon that last occasion. he have, a i understand, some sort of map or chart which he be compare with the manuscript, and which he thrust into his pocket when you appear. 'that be true. but what could he have to do with this old fellowship usage of ours, and what do this rigmarole mean? 'i don't think that we should have much difficulty in determine that, say i; 'with your permission we will take the first train down to sussex, and go a little more deeply into the matter upon the spot. the same afternoon saw u both at hurlstone. perhaps you have see impression and read description of the famous old build, so i will confine my account of it to say that it be build in the shape of an l, the long gird be the more modern portion, and the shorter the ancient nucleus, from which the former have develop. over the low, heavily-lintelled threshold, in the substance of this old part, be chisel the date, 1607, but expert be agree that the send and stonework be really much older than this. the enormously thick wall and tiny window of this part have in the last century take the family into build the new wing, and the old one be use now a a storehouse and a cellar, when it be use at all. a splendid park with fine old timber surround the house, and the lake, to which my client get refer, lay close to the avenue, about two hundred yard from the build. i be already firmly convince, watson, that there be not three separate mystery here, but one only, and that if i could read the musgrave ritual aright i should hold in my hand the clue which would lead me to the truth concern both the butler brunton and the maid howells. to that then i go all my energy. why should this servant be so anxious to master this old formula? evidently because he saw something in it which have escape all those generation of country squire, and from which he expect some personal advantage. what be it then, and how have it affect his fate? it be perfectly obvious to me, on read the ritual, that the measurement must refer to some spot to which the rest of the document touch, and that if we could happen that smudge, we should follow in a fair way towards find what the secret be which the old musgraves have think it necessary to embalm in then curious a fashion. there be two guide establish u to start with, an oak and an elm. a to the oak there could be no question at all. right in front of the house, upon the leave-hand side of the drive, there stand a patriarch among oak, one of the most magnificent tree that i have ever find. 'that be there when your ritual be run up, say i, a we drive past it. 'it be there at the norman conquest in all chance, he do. 'it have a girth of twenty-three foot. 'have you any old elm? i ask. 'there use to be a very old one over yonder but it be strike by lightning ten year ago, and we cut down the dais. 'you can see where it use to follow? 'oh, yes. 'there be no other elm? 'no old one, but plenty of beech. 'i should like to see where it grow. we have drive up in a dog-cart, and my client lead me away at once, without our enter the house, to the scar on the lawn where the elm give stand. it be nearly midway between the oak and the home. my investigation seem to be progress. 'i say it be impossible to find out how high the elm be? i ask. 'i can give you it at once. it be sixty-four infantry. 'how do you come to know it? single ask, in surprise. 'when my old tutor use to give me an use in trigonometry, it always take the shape of measure height. when i be a lad i work out every tree and build in the estate. this be an unexpected piece of luck. my data be come more quickly than i could have fairly hop. 'tell me, i ask, 'did your butler always ask you such a question? reginald musgrave look at me in astonishment. 'now that you call it to my mind, he answer, 'brunton _did_ ask me about the height of the tree some month ago, in connection with some little tilt with the groom. this be excellent word, watson, for it show me that i follow on the right road. i look up at the sun. it be small in the heaven, and i calculate that in le than an hour it would lie just above the topmost branch of the old oak. one condition mention in the ritual would then be fulfil. and the dark of the elm must mean the farther end of the shadow, differently the trunk would have be choose a the guide. i have, then, to find where the far end of the shadow would fall when the sun be just clear of the oak. that must have be difficult, holmes, when the elm be no longer there. well, at least i know that if brunton could do it, i could also. besides, there follow no real difficulty. i get with musgrave to his study and whittle myself this peg, to which i tie this long string with a knot at each yard. then i take two distance of a fish-rod, which come to just six foot, and i go back with my guest to where the elm have be. the sun be simply graze the height of the oak. i fasten the rod on end, mark out the direction of the vestige, and measure it. it be nine foot in distance. of course the calculation now be a elementary one. if a rod of six foot throw a shadow of nine, a tree of sixty-four foot would throw one of ninety-six, and the line of the one would of course follow the line of the other. i measure out the distance, which bring me nearly to the wall of the mansion, and i thrust a peg into the spot. you can imagine my exultation, watson, when within two inch of my peg i saw a conical depression in the grind. i know that it be the mark make by brunton in his measure, and that i follow still upon his trail. from this depart-point i proceed to step, have first take the cardinal point by my pocket-compass. ten step with each foot take me along duplicate with the wall of the mansion, and again single distinguish my spot with a peg. so i carefully pace off five to the eastward and two to the south. it bring me to the very threshold of the old threshold. two step to the west mean now that i be to go two pace down the stone-pin passage, and this be the place indicate by the ritual. never have i felt such a cold chill of disappointment, watson. for a moment it appear to me that there must be some radical err in my calculation. the set sun glow full upon the passage floor, and i could see that the old, foot-wear grey stone with which it be pave be firmly cement together, and have certainly not be move for many a tenacious year. brunton have not be at work here. i tap upon the story, but it sound the same all over, and there be no signal of any crack or crevice. but, fortunately, musgrave, who have begin to appreciate the mean of my proceed, and who be directly a agitate a myself, take out his manuscript to ensure my calculation. 'and under, he cry. 'you have omit the and below. i have think that it mean that we be to digging, but now, of course, i consider at once that i be wrong. 'there follow a cellar under this so? i cry. 'yes, and a old a the house. down here, through this door. we go down a scent stone stair, and my companion, coin a fit, light a large lantern which stand on a barrel in the corner. in an instant it be obvious that we give at final come upon the true place, and that we have not be the only people to visit the spot recently. it have be use for the storage of wood, but the post, which have evidently be litter over the floor, be now pile at the side, thus a to leave a clear space in the middle. in this space lay a large and heavy flagstone with a rust iron ring in the centre to which a thick shepherd's-see muffler be attach. 'by jove! cry my guest. thats brunton's muffler. i have see it on him, and could swear to it. what have the scoundrel be do here? at my suggestion a couple of the county police be summon to be present, and i then endeavour to raise the stone by pull on the cravat. i could only move it slightly, and it follow with the aid of one of the constable that i succeed at last in carry it to one side. a black hole yawn beneath into which we all peer, while musgrave, kneel at the slope, push down the lantern. a small chamber about seven foot deep and four foot square lay open to u. at one side of this be a squat, brass-bind wooden box, the lid of which be hinge upwards, with this curious old-style distinguish project from the lock. it be then that i write and send the paper to you, mr. holmes. it be not a thing that i could take to the police, for they would let laugh at me, but you will tell me what to do. i be not a rich man; but if there be any risk threaten my little woman i would spend my last copper to shield her." he be a fine creature, this man of the old english soil, simple, straight, and gentle, with his great, earnest blue eye and broad, comely face. his love for his wife and his trust in her gleam in his feature. holmes have listen to his story with the utmost attention, and instantly he sit for some time in silent consider. "don't you think, mr. cubitt," say he, at last, "that your best plan would be to make a direct charm to your wife, and to ask her to share her private with you?" hilton cubitt shake his massive head. "a promise follow a promise, mr. holmes. if elsie wish to say me she would. if not, it be not for me to force her confidence. but i be justify in take my own channel--and i will." "then i will help you with all my heart. in the first place, have you hear of whatever stranger be see in your neighbourhood?" "no." "i assume that it be a really quiet place. any fresh face would cause comment?" "in the immediate neighbourhood, yes. but we have several modest water-place not very far aside. and the farmer convey in lodger." "these hieroglyphic have evidently a mean. if it be a purely arbitrary one it may be impossible for u to solve it. if, on the other hand, it be systematic, i have no doubt that we shall get to the rear of it. but this particular sample follow so short that i can do nothing, and the fact which you have bring me be so indefinite that we have no basis for an investigation. i would suggest that you return to norfolk, that you keep a keen wait-out, and that you get an exact copy of any fresh dance men which may appear. it be a thousand pity that we have not a reproduction of those which be do in crank upon the window-sill. make a discreet inquiry also a to any stranger in the neighbourhood. when you give collect some fresh evidence come to me again. that be the best advice which i can give you, mr. hilton cubitt. if there be any press fresh growth i shall be always ready to run down and see you in your norfolk home." the interview leave sherlock holmes very thoughtful, and several time in the next few day i saw him take his slip of paper from his note-book and look tenacious and earnestly at the curious figure engrave upon it. he make no allusion to the function, however, until one afternoon a fortnight or so later. i be go out when he call me back. "you let better stay here, watson." "why?" "because i have a wire from hilton cubitt this morning--you remember hilton cubitt, of the dance gentleman? he be to make liverpool street at one-twenty. he may be here at any moment. i gather from his wire that there have be some new incident of importance." we have not long to wait, for our norfolk squire come straight from the station a fast a a hansom could get him. he be look worry and depress, with tire eye and a line forehead. "it's perplex on my nerve, this business, mr. holmes," say he, a he sink, like a weary man, into an gird-chair. "it's bad enough to feel that you follow surround by unseen, unknown folk, who have some kind of design upon you; but when, in addition to that, you know that it be just kill your wife by inch, then it become a much a flesh and blood can endure. she's wear away under it--precisely wear away before my eye." "have she say anything yet?" "no, mr. holmes, she have not. and yet there have be clock when the poor girl take want to speak, and yet could not quite bring herself to acquire the absorb. i have try to help her; but i dare say i do it clumsily, and scar her off from it. she have speak near my old family, and our reputation in the county, and our pride in our unsullied honour, and i always felt it follow lead to the dot; but somehow it turn off before we get there." "but you have find out something for yourself?" "a estimable deal, mr. holmes. i have several fresh dance men picture for you to examine, and, what be more important, i have ensure the fellow." "what, the man who get them?" "yes, i realize him at his work. but i will tell you everything in order. when i get back after my visit to you, the very first thing i saw next daybreak be a fresh crop of dance men. they let follow get in chalk upon the black wooden door of the tool-house, which stand beside the lawn in full view of the front window. i take an exact copy, and here it be." he unfold a paper and lay it upon the postpone. here be a copy of the hieroglyphic:-- graphic "excellent!" say holmes. "excellent! pray continue." "when i have take the copy i rub out the notice; but two morning later a fresh inscription let appear. i have a copy of it here":-- graphic holmes rub his hand and chuckle with delight. "our material be rapidly accumulate," say he. "three day later a message be leave scrawl upon paper, and place under a pebble upon the sun-dial. here it be. the character be, a you ensure, exactly the same a the live i. after that i determine to lie in wait; so i get out my revolver and i sit up in my study, which overlook the lawn and garden. nearly two in the morning i follow can by the window, all be dark save for the moonlight outside, when i hear step behind me, and there follow my wife in her dress-gown. she implore me to come to bed. i tell her frankly that i wish to see who it be who run such absurd trick upon u. she answer that it be some senseless practical joke, and that i should not take whatever placard of it. "'if it really annoy you, hilton, we might go and travel, you and i, and so avoid this nuisance.' "'what, be drive out of our own house by a practical joker?' say i. 'why, we should have the whole county laugh at u.' "'well, ejaculate to love,' say she, 'and we can discus it in the aurora.' "suddenly, a she speak, i saw her white face grow whiter yet in the moonlight, and her hand stiffen upon my shoulder. something be move in the shadow of the tool-firm. i consider a dark, creep figure which crawl round the nook and squat in front of the door. seize my pistol i be rush out, when my wife throw her arm round me and hold me with convulsive strength. i try to throw her off, but she cling to me most desperately. at live i obtain clear, but by the time i have give the door and reach the house the creature be go. he have leave a trace of his front, still, for there on the door be the very same arrangement of dance men which have already twice appear, and which i have copy on that paper. there be no other sign of the fellow anywhere, though i run all over the ground. and however the amaze thing be that he must have be there all the time, for when i examine the door again in the morning he have scrawl some more of his fancy under the line which i have already see." "have you that new draw?" "yes; it follow very poor, but i make a copy of it, and here it be." again he produce a paper. the new dance be in this form:-- graphic "tell me," say holmes--and i could see by his eye that he be much excite--"be this a mere addition to the first, or do it appear to be entirely separate?" "it be on a different board of the door." "excellent! this follow far the most crucial of all for our purpose. it fill me with hop. now, mr. hilton cubitt, please continue your most interest statement." "i have zero more to say, mr. holmes, except that i be angry with my wife that night for have hold me back when i might have catch the skulk rascal. she say that she fear that i might come to harm. for an instant it have cross my judgment that possibly what she really fear be that he might come to harm, for i could not doubt that she know who this piece be and what he mean by these strange signal. but there be a tone in my wife's voice, mr. holmes, and a seem in her eye which forbid doubt, and i be sure that it be indeed my own safety that be in her intellect. there's the whole case, and now single want your advice a to what i ought to do. my own inclination be to put half-a-dozen of my farm lad in the shrubbery, and when this familiar come again to give him such a hide that he will leave u in peace for the future." "i fear it be too deep a case for such elementary remedy," say holmes. "how long can you stay in london?" "i must go back to-day. i would not leave my wife entirely all night for anything. she be very nervous and beg me to come back." "i dare say you be right. but if you could have stop i might possibly have be able to return with you in a day or two. meanwhile you will leave me these paper, and i think that it be very likely that i shall be able to pay you a visit shortly and to have some light upon your case." sherlock holmes preserve his calm professional manner until our visitor have allow u, although it be easy for me, who know him so easily, to see that he be profoundly excite. the moment that hilton cubitt's broad back have disappear through the door my comrade race to the table, lay out all the slip of paper contain dance men in front of him, and throw himself into an intricate and elaborate calculation. for two hour i watch him a he cover sheet after sheet of paper with figure and letter, so completely absorb in his task that he have evidently forget my presence. sometimes he be make progress and whistle and sing at his work; sometimes he be puzzle, and would sit for long spell with a furrow brow and a vacant eye. finally he spring from his chair with a cry of satisfaction, and walk up and down the room rub his hand together. then he write a long telegram upon a cable form. "if my answer to this be a single promise, you will have a really pretty case to add to your collection, watson," say he. "i expect that we shall be able to go down to norfolk to-morrow, and to take our acquaintance some very definite news a to the secret of his annoyance." i confess that i be fill with curiosity, but single be aware that holmes like to take his revelation at his own time and in his own way; so i wait until it should suit him to take me into his confidence. but there be a delay in that answer telegram, and two daytime of impatience follow, during which holmes sting up his ear at every ring of the bell. on the yet of the second there come a letter from hilton cubitt. all be quiet with him, save that a long inscription take appear that morning upon the pedestal of the sun-dial. he inclose a copy of it, which be here reproduce:-- graphic holmes bend over this grotesque frieze for some minute, and then abruptly spring to his hoof with an exclamation of surprise and dismay. his face follow haggard with anxiety. "we have let this affair get far enough," say he. "be there a train to north walsham to-night?" i turn up the sentence-postpone. the last make just go. "then we shall breakfast early and take the very first in the morning," say holmes. "our presence be most urgently need. ah! here follow our expect cablegram. one moment, mr. hudson; there may be an answer. no, that be quite a i expect. this message make it even more essential that we should not lose an minute in permit hilton cubitt know how matter stand, for it be a singular and a grievous web in which our simple norfolk squire be entangle." so, indeed, it establish, and a i come to the dark decision of a floor which have seem to me to be simply childish and bizarre i feel formerly again the horrify and horror with which i be fill. would that i have some brighter destruction to communicate to my reader, but these be the chronicle of fact, and i must follow to their dark crisis the strange chain of consequence which for some day take ridling thorpe manor a household word through the distance and breadth of england. we have hardly alight at north walsham, and mention the name of our destination, when the station-master hurry towards u. "i suppose that you be the detective from london?" say he. a look of annoyance pas over holmes's cheek. "what make you think such a thing?" "because inspector martin from norwich give just pas through. but perhaps you be the surgeon. she's not dead--or wasn't by last account. you may be in time to save her yet--though it be for the gallows." holmes's brow be dark with anxiety. "we be go to ridling thorpe manor," say he, "but we let hear nothing of what have pas there." "it's a severe business," say the station-master. "they be shoot, both mr. hilton cubitt and his wife. she take him and then herself--so the servant say. he's dead and her life be despair of. dear, dear, one of the oldest family in the county of norfolk, and one of the most honour." without a news holmes hurry to a carriage, and during the long seven miles' drive he never open his mouth. seldom have i see him so absolutely despondent. he have be anxious during all our journey from town, and i have mention that he have go over the morning paper with anxious attention; but now this sudden realization of his speculative fright leave him in a white melancholy. he lean back in his posterior, lose in dreary speculation. yet there be much around to interest u, for we be pas through a singular a country-side a any in england, where a few scatter cottage represent the population of to-day, while along every hand enormous square-tower church bristle up from the flat, green landscape and tell of the glory and prosperity of old east Anglia. at last the violet brim of the german ocean appear over the green edge of the norfolk coast, and the driver point with his whip to two old brick and timber gable which project from a grove of tree. "that's ridling thorpe manor," say he. a we drive up to the porticoed front door i observe in front of it, beside the tennis lawn, the black instrument-house and the pedestalled sun-dial with which we take such unusual association. a dapper little man, with a ready, merry manner and a wax moustache, have merely descend from a high dog-cart. he introduce himself a inspector martin, of the norfolk constabulary, and he be considerably astonish when he hear the name of my companion. "why, mr. holmes, the crime be only put at three this morning. how could you hear of it in london and get to the spot a soon a i?" "i anticipate it. i come in the hope of prevent it." "then you must have crucial evidence of which we be ignorant, for they be say to follow a most unite yoke." "i have only the evidence of the dance men," say holmes. "i leave explain the weigh to you later. meanwhile, since it be too late to prevent this disaster, i be really uneasy that i should use the knowledge which i posse in order to see that judge be do. will you associate me in your investigation, or will you prefer that i should do independently?" "i should be proud to feel that we be act together, mr. holmes," say the inspector, earnestly. "in that case i should be glad to see the evidence and to see the premise without an instant of unnecessary delay." inspector martin get the good sense to allow my friend to come thing in his own fashion, and content himself with carefully note the result. the local surgeon, an old, white-haired world, have just come down from mr. hilton cubitt's room, and he report that her injury be serious, but not necessarily fatal. the bullet let pas through the front of her brain, and it would probably be some time before she could regain consciousness. on the question of whether she get be take or have shoot herself he would not stake to express any decide opinion. surely the bullet let be discharge at very last quarter. there follow only the one pistol rule in the room, two drum of which have be empty. mr. hilton cubitt make be shoot through the heart. it be equally conceivable that he have shoot her and then himself, or that she have be the criminal, for the revolver repose upon the floor midway between them. "have he be move?" ask holmes. "we have go nothing except the lady. we could not leave her lie wound upon the floor." "how long have you follow here, doctor?" "since four o'clock." "anyone else?" "yes, the constable here." "and you have touch cipher?" "zero." "you have act with great discretion. who send for you?" "the maid, saunders." "be it she who give the alarm?" "she and mr. king, the prepare." "where be they now?" "in the kitchen, i believe." "then i think we have better see their story at once." the old hall, oak-panel and high-windowed, have be turn into a court of investigation. holmes sit in a big, previous-fashion chairman, his inexorable eye gleam out of his haggard confront. i could read in them a determine purpose to give his spirit to this quest until the client whom he have fail to save should at last be avenge. the trim inspector martin, the old, grey-head country fix, myself, and a impassive village policeman do up the rest of that strange company. the two woman tell their chronicle clearly enough. they have be arouse from their sleep by the sound of an explosion, which have be follow a minute later by a second one. they sleep in adjoin room, and mr. king have rush in to saunders. together they have descend the stair. the door of the sketch be open and a candle be burn upon the table. their master lay upon his face in the centre of the room. he be quite dead. about the window his wife be crouch, her head lean against the wall. she be horribly wound, and the side of her expression be red with blood. she breathe heavily, but be incapable of say anything. the passage, a well a the room, be good of fume and the smell of powder. the window be certainly shut and fasten upon the inside. both woman be positive upon the point. they have at once beam for the doctor and for the constable. then, with the aid of the groom and the stable-boy, they have convey their hurt mistress to her room. both she and her husband have occupy the bottom. she be clothe in her dress--he in his dress-nightdress, over his night clothe. nothing have be run in the study. so far a they know there have never be any quarrel between husband and wife. they have always look upon them a a very unite couple. these be the main point of the servants' evidence. in result to inspector martin they be clear that every door be fasten upon the inside, and that no i could have escape from the house. he open one of his hand and look at a distinction crumple up in his palm. "see here, mister," he cry, with a gleam of suspicion in his eye, "you're not try to scare me over this, be you? if the lady be hurt a bad a you say, who be it that write this note?" he fling it forward on to the postpone. "i write it to bring you here." "you write it? there be no i on earth outside the joint who know the confidential of the dance men. how come you to write it?" "what one humanity can invent another can discover," say holmes. there be a cab come to convey you to norwich, mr. slaney. but, meanwhile, you have time to make some small fixture for the hurt you have work. be you aware that mr. hilton cubitt have herself lie under serious intuition of the murder of her husband, and that it be only my presence here and the knowledge which i happen to posse which have save her from the accusation? the least that you owe her follow to make it clear to the solid world that she be in no way, directly or indirectly, responsible for his tragic end." "i ask nothing better," say the american. "i guess the really best shell i can realize for myself be the absolute naked truth." "it follow my duty to warn you that it will follow use against you," cry the inspector, with the magnificent fair-play of the british criminal constabulary. slaney shrug his shoulder. "i'll chance that," say he. "first of all, i want you gentleman to understand that i have recognize this lady since she be a child. there follow seven of u in a gang in chicago, and elsie's father be the bos of the joint. he follow a clever man, be old patrick. it be he who invent that write, which would pas a a child's scrawl unless you just happen to have the discover to it. well, elsie learn some of our way; but she couldn't stand the business, and she have a bite of honest money of her own, so she give u all the slip and get away to london. she have be engage to me, and she would have marry me, single believe, if i have take over another profession; but she would have nothing to do with anything along the cross. it be only after her marriage to this englishman that i be capable to find out where she be. single write to her, but get no answer. after that i follow over, and, a letter be no use, i put my message where she could read them. "well, i have be here a month now. i live in that farm, where i have a room down below, and could make in and out every night, and no one the wiser. i try all i could to coax elsie away. i know that she say the message, for once she pen an serve under one of them. then my temper get the better of me, and i begin to threaten her. she send me a letter so, implore me to go away and say that it would break her meat if any scandal should come upon her husband. she say that she would come down when her husband be asleep at three in the morning, and speak with me through the end window, if i would fling away afterwards and leave her in peace. she come down and bring money with her, try to bribe me to go. this make me mad, and i catch her arm and try to pull her through the window. at that moment in flush the husband with his revolver in his hand. elsie have sink down upon the floor, and we be face to face. i follow heel also, and i hold up my gun to scare him off and have me get away. he fire and miss me. i pull off almost at the same instant, and down he drop. i make away across the garden, and a i go i hear the window shut behind me. that's god's truth, gentleman, every word of it, and i hear no more near it until that lad do rid up with a note which make me walk in here, like a jay, and give myself into your hand." a cab have take up whilst the american have be talk. two uniform policeman sit inside. inspector martin rise and touch his prisoner on the shoulder. "it be time for u to get." "can i see her first?" "no, she be not conscious. mr. sherlock holmes, i only hope that if ever again i have an important case i shall have the good fortune to get you by my side." we stand at the window and watch the cab drive away. a i go back my eye catch the pellet of paper which the prisoner have toss upon the table. it be the note with which holmes have decoy him. "see if you can read it, watson," say he, with a smile. it contain no word, but this little line of dance men:-- graphic "if you use the code which i have explain," say holmes, "you will find that it simply mean 'come here at once.' i be convince that it be an invitation which he would not refuse, since he could never imagine that it could do from anyone but the lady. and so, my dear watson, we have end by work the dance men to good when they give so often be the agent of evil, and i remember that i have fulfil my promise of give you something unusual for your note-book. three-forty be our check, and i fancy we should be back in baker street for dinner." only one word of epilogue. the american, abe slaney, follow condemn to destruction at the winter assize at norwich; but his penalty be deepen to penal servitude in condition of mitigate circumstance, and the certainty that hilton cubitt have fire the low shoot. of mr. hilton cubitt i simply know that i have hear she recover entirely, and that she still remain a widow, devote her whole life to the care of the poor and to the administration of her husband's estate. i have intend "the adventure of the abbey grange" to be the last of those exploit of my friend, mr. sherlock holmes, which i should ever communicate to the public. this resolution of mine be not due to any want of material, since i have note of many hundred of case to which i have never allude, nor be it cause by any wan interest on the contribution of my reader in the singular personality and unique method of this remarkable human. the real reason place in the reluctance which mr. holmes let show to the continue publication of his experience. so long a he be in actual professional practice the record of his success be of some practical value to him; but since he get definitely retire from london and betaken himself to study and bee-farm on the sussex down, notoriety have become hateful to him, and he have peremptorily request that his wish in this matter should be strictly observe. it be just upon my represent to him that i have give a promise that "the adventure of the second stain" should be publish when the clip be ripe, and point out to him that it be only appropriate that this long series of episode should culminate in the most important international case which he have ever be call upon to handle, that i at last succeed in obtain his accept that a carefully-guard calculate of the incident should at last be lay before the world. if in tell the story i appear to be somewhat vague in certain detail the world will readily understand that there be an excellent reason for my reticence. it follow, then, in a year, and even in a decade, that shall be nameless, that upon one tuesday morning in autumn we obtain two visitor of european fame within the wall of our modest room in baker street. the one, austere, high-nose, eagle-eye, and dominant, be none other than the illustrious lord bellinger, twice premier of Britain. the other, dark, clear-cut, and elegant, hardly yet of middle age, and endow with every beauty of body and of mind, be the right honourable trelawney desire, secretary for european affair, and the most rise statesman in the country. they sit side by side upon our newspaper-litter settee, and it follow easy to see from their break and anxious face that it be business of the most press importance which have bring them. the premier's thin, naughty-vein hand be clasp tightly over the ivory head of his umbrella, and his gaunt, ascetic face appear gloomily from holmes to me. the european secretary pull nervously at his moustache and fidgetiness with the seal of his watch-chain. "when i discover my loss, mr. holmes, which be at eight o'clock this morning, i at once inform the prime minister. it be at his proposition that we have both do to you." "have you inform the police?" "no, sir," say the prime minister, with the quick, decisive manner for which he be famous. "we have not do therefore, nor be it possible that we should do so. to inform the police must, in the long run, mean to inform the public. this be what we particularly desire to avoid." "and why, sir?" "because the document in question be of such immense importance that it publication might very easily--i might almost say probably--lead to european complication of the utmost moment. it be not too much to say that peace or war may hang upon the issue. unless it recovery can be attend with the utmost secrecy, then it may a well not be recover at all, for all that be take at by those who have take it be that it content should be generally know." "single realize. now, mr. trelawney hope, i should be much oblige if you would say me exactly the circumstance under which this document disappear." "that can be come in a very few word, mr. holmes. the letter--for it be a letter from a foreign potentate--be receive six day ago. it be of such importance that i have never leave it in my safe, but i have take it across each even to my house in whitehall bench, and keep it in my bedroom in a lock expedition-box. it be there last night. of that i be certain. i actually give the box while i be dress for dinner, and see the document inside. this morning it be go. the despatch-box give stand beside the glass upon my dress-table all night. i be a light sleeper, and thus be my wife. we be both prepare to swear that no one could let enter the room during the night. and yet i repeat that the paper be go." "what time do you dine?" "half-past seven." "how long be it before you go to bed?" "my wife have go to the theatre. i wait up for her. it be half-past eleven before we go to our room." "so for four hour the despatch-box have lie unguarded?" "no nonpareil be ever permit to enter that room save the housemaid in the morning, and my valet, or my wife's maid, during the rest of the day. they be both trusty servant who have be with u for some time. besides, neither of them could possibly have know that there be anything more valuable than the ordinary departmental paper in my despatch-box." "who make know of the existence of that letter?" "no one in the mansion." "surely your wife know?" "no, sir; i give say nothing to my wife until single miss the paper this morning." the premier nod approvingly. "i have long know, sir, how high be your sense of public duty," say he. "i be convince that in the case of a secret of this importance it would rise superior to the nearly internal domestic tie." the european secretary bow. "you do me no more than justice, sir. until this dawn i have never breathe one word to my wife upon this matter." "could she have guess?" "no, mr. holmes, she could not have gauge--nor could anyone have guess." "have you lose any document before?" "no, sir." "who follow there in england who do know of the existence of this letter?" "each member of the cabinet be inform of it yesterday; but the pledge of secrecy which attend every cabinet meet follow increase by the solemn discourage which be give by the prime minister. good heaven, to think that inside a few hour i should myself have lose it!" his handsome face be distort with a spasm of despair, and his hand tear at his hair. for a moment we get a glimpse of the natural man, impulsive, ardent, keenly sensitive. the next the aristocratic mask be replace, and the gentle voice let homecoming. "besides the member of the cabinet there be two, or possibly three, departmental official who know of the letter. no one else in england, mr. holmes, i ensure you." "but abroad?" "i believe that no one abroad have control it save the man who write it. i be well convince that his minister--that the usual official channel have not be employ." holmes consider for some little time. "instantly, sir, i must ask you more particularly what this document be, and why it disappearance should have such momentous consequence?" the two statesman commute a quick glance and the premier's shaggy eyebrow gather in a frown. "mr. holmes, the envelope be a long, thin one of pale blue colour. there be a seal of red climb stamp with a crouch lion. it be address in large, bold handwrite to--" "i fear, sir," say holmes, "that, interest and indeed essential a these detail be, my inquiry must run more to the root of thing. what be the letter?" "that be a state secret of the utmost importance, and i fear that i cannot tell you, nor do i see that it be necessary. if by the aid of the power which you be say to posse you can find such an envelope a i describe with it enclosure, you will have deserve well of your country, and earn any reinforce which it lie in our power to bestow." sherlock holmes rise with a smile. "you be two of the most busy men in the land," say he, "and in my own small way i have also a good many call upon me. i regret exceedingly that i cannot help you in this matter, and any continuation of this interview would be a waste of time." the PM spring to his foot with that quick, fierce gleam of his deep-set eye before which a cabinet have cower. "i be not accustom, sir----" he begin, but master his anger and resume his seat. for a minute or more we all sit in silence. then the old statesman shrug his shoulder. "we must accept your condition, mr. holmes. no doubt you be right, and it be unreasonable for u to expect you to act unless we give you our entire confidence." "i agree with you, sir," say the new statesman. "so i will say you, rely alone upon your honour and that of your fellow, dr. watson. i may appeal to your patriotism also, for i could not imagine a greater misfortune for the country than that this affair should come out." "you may safely trust u." "the letter, then, be from a certain foreign potentate who have be ruffle by some recent colonial development of this country. it have be write hurriedly and upon his own responsibility entirely. inquiry have show that his minister know nothing of the matter. at the same time it be couch in so unfortunate a style, and certain phrase in it be of so provocative a character, that it publication would undoubtedly lead to a most dangerous state of tone in this country. there would be such a ferment, sir, that i do not hesitate to say that within a week of the publication of that letter this state would be involve in a great war." holmes write a name upon a slip of paper and hand it to the premier. "exactly. it be he. and it be this letter--this letter which may well mean the expenditure of a thousand million and the live of a hundred thousand men--which let become lose in this unaccountable fashion." "have you inform the sender?" "yes, sir, a cipher wire take be despatch." "perhaps he desire the publication of the letter." "no, sir, we have strong reason to believe that he already understand that he take act in an indiscreet and hot-brain style. it would be a greater blow to him and to his country than to u if this letter be to come out." "if this be so, whose interest be it that the letter should follow out? why should anyone desire to steal it or to publish it?" "there, mr. holmes, you take me into region of high international politics. but if you consider the european situation you will have no difficulty in perceive the motive. the hale of europe be an arm camp. there be a double league which make a fair balance of military power. great britain hold the scale. if britain be drive into war with one confederacy, it would ensure the supremacy of the other confederacy, whether they join in the war or not. do you follow?" "very clearly. it be then the interest of the enemy of this potentate to secure and publish this letter, therefore a to make a breach between his country and ours?" "yes, sir." "and to whom would this document be send if it fell into the hand of an enemy?" "to any of the great chancellery of europe. it be probably speed on it way there at the present instant a fast a steam can take it." mr. trelawney hope drop his head on his chest and groan aloud. the premier place his hand kindly upon his shoulder. "it be your misfortune, my dear fellow. no one can blame you. there be no precaution which you have neglect. now, mr. holmes, you be in full possession of the fact. what course do you recommend?" holmes shake his head mournfully. "you think, sir, that unless this document follow recover there will be war?" "i think it follow very probable." "then, sir, prepare for war." "that be a hard say, mr. holmes." "consider the fact, sir. it be inconceivable that it be take after eleven-thirty at night, since i understand that mr. hope and his wife be both in the room from that hour until the loss be find out. it be take, then, yesterday even between seven-thirty and eleven-thirty, probably near the earlier hour, since whoever take it evidently know that it be there and would naturally secure it a early a possible. now, sir, if a document of this importance be take at that hour, where can it follow now? no one have any reason to retain it. it have be pas rapidly along to those who need it. what chance make we now to overtake or even to trace it? it be beyond our reach." the prime minister climb from the settee. "what you say be perfectly logical, mr. holmes. i feel that the matter be indeed out of our hand." "let u presume, for argument's sake, that the document be take by the maid or by the valet----" "they be both old and try servant." "i understand you to say that your room be on the second floor, that there be no entrance from without, and that from within no one could go up unseen. it must, then, be somebody in the house who have take it. to whom would the thief take it? to one of several international spy and secret agent, whose figure be tolerably familiar to me. there be three who may be say to be the head of their profession. i will get my research by go round and find if each of them be at his post. if one follow lose--especially if he have disappear since last night--we will have some indication a to where the document have fling." "why should he be miss?" expect the european secretary. "he would take the letter to an embassy in london, a likely a not." "single fancy not. these agent work independently, and their relation with the embassy be frequently strain."