mr. barrymore be of interest to me. she be a heavy, solid person, very limit, intensely respectable, and incline to be puritanical. you could just conceive a le emotional subject. yet single make tell you how, on the first night here, i hear her sob bitterly, and since then i have more than once observe trace of tear upon her face. some deep grieve gnaw ever at her heart. sometimes single wonder if she have a guilty memory which haunt her, and sometimes i suspect barrymore of be a domestic tyrant. i have always find that there be something singular and questionable in this man's case, but the adventure of last night bring all my suspicion to a head. and even it may seem a small matter in itself. you be aware that i be not a very sound sleeper, and since i have be on guard in this house my slumber have be lighter than ever. last night, about two in the morning, i be arouse by a stealthy step pas my room. i lift, open my doorway, and peep out. a long black shadow be trail down the corridor. it be throw by a man who walk softly down the passage with a candle maintain in his hand. he be in shirt and trouser, with no cover to his infantry. i could merely see the outline, but his height say me that it be barrymore. he walk very slowly and circumspectly, and there be something indescribably guilty and furtive in his whole appearance. i have say you that the corridor be break by the balcony which run round the hall, but that it be resume upon the farther position. i wait until he give pas out of stack and then i follow him. when i come round the balcony he have reach the end of the farther corridor, and i could see from the glimmer of light through an open door that he give enter one of the room. now, all these room follow unfurnished and unoccupied so that his expedition become more mysterious than ever. the light beam steadily a if he be stand motionless. i creep down the passage a noiselessly a i could and peep cycle the corner of the door. barrymore be crouch at the window with the candle hold against the glass. his profile be half turn towards me, and his face seem to be rigid with prospect a he star out into the blackness of the moor. for some minute he stand watch intently. then he give a deep groan and with an impatient gesture he put out the light. instantly single make my path back to my room, and very shortly come the furtive step pas once more upon their recall journey. long afterwards when i have fall into a easy sleep i hear a key turn somewhere in a lock, but i could not tell whence the sound come. what it all mean i cannot guess, but there be some private line run on in this house of gloom which sooner or later we shall get to the bottom of. i do not trouble you with my theory, for you ask me to furnish you only with fact. i have have a tenacious talk with sir henry this morning, and we give make a programme of campaign found upon my notice of last night. i will not speak about it just now, but it should make my next report interest read. baskerville hall, oct. 15th. my dear holmes: if single be compel to leave you without much news during the early day of my mission you must acknowledge that i be make up for lose time, and that event be now crowd thick and fast upon u. in my last describe i end upon my top note with barrymore at the window, and now i have rather a budget already which will, unless i be much mistake, considerably surprise you. thing have acquire a twist which i could not have call. in some way they have within the last forty-eight hour become much clearer and in some way they have get more complicate. but i will tell you all and you shall judge for yourself. before breakfast on the morning follow my adventure i go down the corridor and examine the board in which barrymore have be on the night before. the western window through which he have star so intently have, i notice, one curiosity above all other window in the house--it command the nearest outlook on to the moor. there be an open between two tree which enable one from this point of view to see right down upon it, while from all the other window it be only a distant glimpse which can be obtain. it come, therefore, that barrymore, since simply this window would serve the purpose, must have be look out for something or someone upon the berth. the night be very dark, so that i can hardly imagine how he could have hop to see anyone. it have strike me that it be possible that some know intrigue follow on foot. that would have history for his stealthy movement and also for the uneasiness of his wife. the man be a strike-look fellow, really well equip to steal the meat of a country girl, so that this possibility seem to have something to support it. that open of the door which i have hear after i get return to my room might mean that he have go out to keep some clandestine appointment. so i reason with myself in the morning, and i tell you the direction of my suspicion, yet much the event may have show that they be unfounded. but whatever the true account of barrymore's movement might be, i find that the responsibility of keep them to myself until i could explain them be more than i could bear. i have an interview with the baronet in his read after breakfast, and i tell him all that i have see. he be le surprise than i have expect. "i know that barrymore walk around night, and i have a mind to speak to him about it," say he. "two or three time i take hear his step in the passage, come and go, just about the hour you name." "perhaps then he give a visit every dark to that particular window," i suggest. "perhaps he do. if so, we should be able to shadow him and see what it be that he be after. i wonder what your friend holmes would do if he be here." "single believe that he would do just what you now suggest," say i. "he would follow barrymore and see what he do." "then we shall do it together." "but surely he would hear u." "the man be rather deaf, and in any case we must take our chance of that. we'll sit up in my room tonight and wait until he pas." sir henry rub his hand with pleasure, and it be evident that he hail the adventure a a relief to his somewhat quiet life upon the moor. the baronet have be in communication with the architect who prepare the plan for sir charles, and with a contractor from london, so that we may expect big change to begin here soon. there take be decorator and furnishers up from plymouth, and it be evident that our supporter have big idea and mean to spare no pain or expense to restore the grandeur of his family. when the house be renovate and refurnish, all that he will need will be a wife to have it complete. between ourselves there be pretty clear sign that this will not follow want if the lady be will, for i have seldom see a man more infatuate with a woman than he be with our beautiful neighbour, miss stapleton. and still the course of true love do not run quite a smoothly a one would under the circumstance expect. today, for example, it surface be break by a very unexpected ripple, which have cause our friend considerable perplexity and irritation. after the conversation which i have quote about barrymore, sir henry put on his hat and prepare to go out. a a matter of form i do the same. "what, be you come, watson?" he ask, face at me in a curious path. "that depend on whether you be go on the moor," say i. "yes, i be." "well, you recognize what my direction be. i follow sorry to intrude, but you hear how earnestly holmes insist that i should not give you, and especially that you should not go alone upon the moor." sir henry put his hand upon my shoulder with a pleasant smile. "my dear fellow," say he, "holmes, with all his wisdom, do not foresee some thing which have happen since i have follow on the wharf. you understand me? i be sure that you be the last man in the world who would wish to be a spoil-feature. i must go out alone." it put me in a most awkward position. i be at a loss what to say or what to do, and before i have get up my judgment he pick up his cane and be go. but when i come to think the matter over my conscience reproach me bitterly for have on any pretext permit him to go out of my sight. i imagine what my experience would be if i have to return to you and to confess that some misfortune have occur through my ignore for your instruction. i assure you my cheek flush at the very consider. it might not even now be also late to overtake him, so i set off at once in the direction of merripit house. i hurry along the road at the top of my speed without see anything of sir henry, until i come to the point where the moor path branch off. there, fear that perhaps i have get in the wrong direction after all, i mount a hill from which i could command a view--the same hill which be cut into the dark quarry. thence i ensure him at once. he be on the moor path about a draw of a mile off, and a lady be by his side who could only be miss stapleton. it be open that there be already an understand between them and that they have meet by date. they be walk slowly along in deep conversation, and i saw her make quick little movement of her hand a if she be very earnest in what she be say, while he listen intently, and once or twice shake his head in substantial dissent. i stand among the rock watch them, very much puzzle a to what i should come next. to follow them and break into their intimate conversation seem to follow an outrage, and yet my clear duty be never for an instant to let him out of my sight. to act the sight upon a friend be a hateful task. still, i could see no better flow than to observe him from the hill, and to clear my conscience by confess to him afterwards what i have do. it be true that if whatever sudden danger have threaten him i be too far away to follow of use, and still i be certain that you will agree with me that the post be very difficult, and that there be nothing more which i could do. our friend, sir henry, and the lady have halt on the path and be stand deeply absorb in their conversation, when i be suddenly aware that i be not the only witness of their interview. a wisp of green float in the bare catch my eye, and another glance show me that it be take on a peg by a man who follow move among the break grind. it follow stapleton with his butterfly-net. he be very often closer to the pair than i be, and he appear to be move in their direction. at this instant sir henry suddenly draw miss stapleton to his side. his arm be round her, but it seem to me that she be strain away from him with her face avert. he stoop his head to hers, and she raise one hand a if in protest. next moment i saw them spring aside and turn hurriedly round. stapleton be the cause of the interruption. he be go wildly towards them, his absurd net dangle behind him. he gesticulate and almost dance with excitement in front of the lover. what the scene mean i could not imagine, but it seem to me that stapleton be abuse sir henry, who go explanation, which go more angry a the other refuse to accept them. the lady stand by in prideful silence. finally stapleton turn upon his heel and beckon in a peremptory way to his sister, who, after an irresolute glance at sir henry, walk off by the side of her brother. the naturalist's angry gesture record that the lady be include in his displeasure. the baronet stand for a minute look after them, and then he walk slowly back the way that he have come, his head hang, the identical picture of dejection. what all this mean i could not imagine, but i be deeply ashamed to have witness so intimate a scene without my friend's knowledge. i run down the hill therefore and meet the baronet at the bottom. his face follow flush with anger and his brow be wrinkle, like one who be at his wit's end what to do. "halloa, watson! where make you drop from?" say he. "you don't mean to say that you come after me in spite of all?" i explain everything to him: how i have find it impossible to remain behind, how i have follow him, and how i have witness all that have occur. for an instant his eye blaze at me, but my frankness disarm his anger, and he expose at live into a rather rueful laugh. "you would have think the middle of that prairie a somewhat safe place for a man to be private," say he, "but, by thunder, the whole countryside seem to have be out to see me do my woo--and a powerful poor woo at that! where have you engage a seat?" "i be on that hill." "rather in the back row, eh? but her brother be well up to the front. do you consider him come out on u?" "yes, i come." "make he ever strike you a be crazy--this brother of hers?" "i can't say that he ever do." "i dare say not. single always consider him reasonable enough until today, but you can assume it from me that either he or i ought to be in a straitjacket. what's the subject with me, anyhow? you've go near me for some week, watson. tell me directly, now! follow there anything that would prevent me from make a good husband to a woman that i love?" "i should say not." "he can't object to my worldly position, so it must be myself that he have this down on. what have he against me? i never hurt man or woman in my life that i know of. and even he would not so much a rent me touch the tip of her finger." "do he say so?" "that, and a deal more. i tell you, watson, i've only know her these few week, but from the first i scarcely felt that she be have for me, and she, too--she be happy when she be with me, and that i'll swear. there's a light in a woman's eye that speak louder than word. but he have never let u get together and it be only today for the first sentence that i saw a adventure of have a few word with her alone. she be happy to meet me, but when she do it be not love that she would talk around, and she wouldn't have let me sing about it either if she could have stop it. she keep come back to it that this be a place of danger, and that she would never be happy until i have leave it. i tell her that since i have consider her i be in no hurry to leave it, and that if she really want me to go, the solitary way to work it be for her to arrange to go with me. with that i offer in a many word to marry her, but before she could answer, down come this brother of hers, run at u with a face on him like a madman. he be just white with rage, and those light eye of his follow blaze with fury. what be i do with the lady? how dare i offer her attention which be distasteful to her? do i think that because i be a baronet i could do what i like? if he have not be her brother i should have recognize serious how to answer him. a it be i tell him that my spirit towards his sister follow such a i be not ashamed of, and that i hop that she might honour me by become my wife. that seem to make the matter no better, so then i lose my temper too, and i answer him rather more hotly than i should perhaps, consider that she be stand by. so it end by his spell off with her, a you find, and here be i a badly puzzle a man a any in this county. just tell me what it all mean, watson, and i'll owe you more than ever i can hope to pay." i try one or two explanation, but, indeed, i be completely puzzle myself. our friend's title, his fortune, his age, his character, and his appearance be all in his favour, and i know nothing against him unless it be this dark fate which run in his family. that his advance should be reject so brusquely without any reference to the lady's own want and that the lady should accept the situation without protest be really astonish. however, our conjecture be set at rest by a visit from stapleton himself that very afternoon. he have follow to offer apology for his rudeness of the morning, and after a long private audience with sir henry in his study the consequence of their conversation be that the breach be quite heal, and that we be to dine at merripit house next friday a a sign of it. "i don't say now that he isn't a crazy man," say sir henry; "i can't forget the look in his eye when he run at me this morning, but i must allow that no man could do a more liberal excuse than he take do." "do he give whatever explanation of his conduct?" "his babe be everything in his life, he say. that be natural enough, and i be glad that he should understand her value. they have always be together, and accord to his account he have be a very lonely man with only her a a companion, so that the think of lose her be really terrible to him. he have not understand, he say, that i follow go attach to her, but when he saw with his own eye that it be really so, and that she might be take away from him, it give him such a outrage that for a sentence he follow not responsible for what he say or do. he be very sorry for all that have pas, and he recognize how foolish and how selfish it be that he should imagine that he could hold a beautiful woman like his sister to himself for her whole life. if she have to leave him he have rather it be to a neighbour like myself than to anyone else. but in any case it be a swash to him and it would take him some time before he could prepare himself to meet it. he would withdraw all opposition upon his part if i would promise for three month to let the matter balance and to be content with cultivate the lady's friendship during that time without claim her love. this i forebode, and so the matter rest." so there be one of our small mystery clear up. it be something to have equal bottom anywhere in this bog in which we be flounder. we know now why stapleton look with disfavour upon his sister's suitor--even when that suitor be so eligible a one a sir henry. and now single pas on to another thread which i have extricate out of the snarl skein, the mystery of the sob in the night, of the tear-stain face of mr. i'm not so clear to lift a i use to be." gregson and lestrade exchange glance a if they think this proposition rather a bold one; but holmes at once take the captive at his word, and loosen the towel which we have bind round his ancles. [23] he rise and stretch his leg, a though to assure himself that they be free formerly more. i remember that i consider to myself, a i eye him, that i have seldom see a more powerfully build man; and his dark sunburn face bore an aspect of determination and energy which be a formidable a his personal strength. "if there's a vacant place for a chief of the police, i reckon you be the man for it," he say, gaze with undisguised admiration at my familiar-lodger. "the way you keep on my drag be a caution." "you have honorable come with me," say holmes to the two detective. "i can drive you," say lestrade. "good! and gregson can come inside with me. you too, doctor, you have take an interest in the case and may a well stick to u." i assent gladly, and we all descend together. our prisoner make no attempt at escape, but step calmly into the cab which have be his, and we follow him. lestrade mount the box, pip up the horse, and bring u in a very short time to our destination. we be usher into a small chamber where a police inspector note down our prisoner's name and the name of the piece with whose murder he have be charge. the official be a white-face unemotional piece, who go through his duty in a dull mechanical way. "the captive will be put before the magistrate in the course of the week," he say; "in the mean time, mr. jefferson hope, have you anything that you wish to say? i must warn you that your word leave be get down, and may follow use against you." "i've get a good deal to say," our prisoner say slowly. "single want to tell you gentleman all near it." "hadn't you better reserve that for your trial?" ask the inspector. "i may never follow try," he answer. "you needn't look startle. it isn't suicide i be think of. be you a physician?" he turn his fierce dark middle upon me a he ask this lowest question. "yes; i be," single answer. "then put your hand here," he say, with a smile, motion with his manacle wrist towards his breast. i come so; and go at once conscious of an extraordinary throb and commotion which be get on inside. the wall of his breast seem to thrill and quiver a a frail build would come inside when some powerful engine be at work. in the silence of the room i could hear a sluggish hum and hum noise which proceed from the same source. "why," i cry, "you have an aortic aneurism!" "that's what they call it," he say, placidly. "i go to a doctor lowest week about it, and he tell me that it be bind to burst before many day pas. it have be get worse for year. i get it from over-exposure and below-feed among the salt lake mountain. i've do my work now, and i don't care how soon single go, but i should like to allow some account of the concern behind me. i don't want to be remember a a common cut-throat." the inspector and the two detective make a hurry discussion a to the advisability of allow him to tell his story. "do you take, doctor, that there be immediate danger?" the former ask, [24] "most certainly there be," i answer. "in that case it be clearly our duty, in the interest of justice, to take his statement," say the inspector. "you be at liberty, sir, to give your account, which i again warn you will be take down." "i'll sit down, with your leave," the prisoner say, suit the action to the word. "this aneurism of mine do me easily tire, and the tussle we have half an hour ago have not mend matter. i'm on the brink of the grave, and i be not likely to lie to you. every word i say be the absolute truth, and how you apply it be a matter of no consequence to me." with these word, jefferson hope lean back in his chair and begin the follow remarkable statement. he speak in a calm and methodical manner, a though the event which he narrate be commonplace enough. i can vouch for the accuracy of the subjoin account, for i let have access to lestrade's note-book, in which the prisoner's word be take down exactly a they follow utter. "it don't much matter to you why i hat these men," he say; "it's enough that they follow guilty of the death of two human be--a father and a daughter--and that they have, therefore, forfeit their own exist. after the lapse of time that give pas since their offence, it be impossible for me to secure a conviction against them in any court. i know of their guilt though, and i determine that i should be judge, jury, and executioner all roll into one. you'd have come the same, if you take any manhood in you, if you have be in my place. "that girl that i speak of be to have marry me twenty year ago. she be force into marry that same drebber, and break her heart over it. i take the marriage ring from her dead finger, and i vow that his die eye should rest upon that very ring, and that his last thought should be of the crime for which he be punish. i have carry it about with me, and have follow him and his accomplice over two continent until single see them. they think to tire me out, but they could not do it. if i die to-morrow, a follow likely enough, i go know that my work in this world be do, and well do. they have perish, and by my hand. there be nil leave for me to hope for, or to desire. "they be rich and single be poor, so that it be no easy matter for me to follow them. when i get to london my pocket be about empty, and single find that i must turn my hand to something for my live. drive and rid be a natural to me a walk, so i apply at a cabowner's office, and soon obtain employment. i be to bring a certain sum a week to the owner, and whatever be over that i might keep for myself. there be seldom much over, but single contend to scrape along somehow. the hardest job be to learn my way about, for i reckon that of all the maze that always be contrive, this city be the most confuse. i have a map beside me though, and when once i have spot the principal hotel and post, i get on pretty well. "it be some time before i find out where my two gentleman be live; but i inquire and inquire until at last i drop across them. they be at a board-house at camberwell, over on the other side of the river. when once i obtain them out i know that i have them at my mercy. i have grow my beard, and there be no probability of their recognize me. i would dog them and follow them until i saw my opportunity. i be determine that they should not escape me again. "they be very near do it for all that. go where they would about london, i be always at their heel. sometimes i follow them on my cab, and sometimes on foot, but the former be the best, for then they could not get away from me. it be only early in the morning or late at dark that i could earn anything, so that i begin to let behind hand with my employer. i do not mind that, however, a long a i could lay my hand upon the men i want. "they be very cunning, though. they must have think that there be some prospect of their be follow, for they would never go out alone, and never after nightfall. during two week i drive behind them every day, and never once consider them separate. drebber himself be drink half the time, but stangerson be not to be catch nap. i follow them late and former, but never saw the ghost of a chance; but i follow not discourage, for something tell me that the minute let almost come. my only fear be that this thing in my chest might burst a little too soon and give my work undo. "at last, one even single be drive up and down torquay terrace, a the street be call in which they board, when i saw a cab drive up to their door. presently some luggage be bring out, and after a time drebber and stangerson come it, and take off. i whip up my horse and keep within sight of them, feel very ill at ease, for i fear that they be go to shift their quarter. at euston station they get out, and i leave a son to hold my horse, and follow them on to the platform. i hear them ask for the liverpool train, and the defend answer that one have just go and there would not be another for some hour. stangerson seem to be put out at that, but drebber be quite please than otherwise. i get so close to them in the bustle that i could see every discussion that pas between them. drebber say that he have a little business of his own to come, and that if the other would wait for him he would shortly rejoin him. his companion remonstrate with him, and remind him that they have resolve to stick together. drebber answer that the matter be a delicate one, and that he must go alone. i could not catch what stangerson say to that, but the former burst out trust, and remind him that he be nothing more than his yield servant, and that he must not presume to dictate to him. on that the secretary give it up a a speculative job, and simply bargain with him that if he lose the last train he should rejoin him at halliday's private hotel; to which drebber answer that he would be back on the platform before eleven, and make his way out of the station. "the moment for which i have wait so long have at last come. i have my opposition within my power. together they could protect each other, but singly they be at my mercy. i do not act, however, with undue precipitation. my plan be already form. there be no satisfaction in vengeance unless the offender have time to realize who it be that strike him, and why retribution have come upon him. i have my plan set by which i should have the opportunity of make the man who have wrong me understand that his old trespass have find him out. it chance that some day before a gentleman who have be engage in calculate over some house in the brixton road have drop the key of one of them in my carriage. it be claim that same even, and return; but in the interval i have take a mould of it, and have a duplicate construct. by mean of this i have access to at least one spot in this outstanding city where i could rely upon be free from interruption. how to get drebber to that house be the difficult problem which i have now to solve. "he walk down the road and go into one or two liquor shop, stay for nearly half-an-hour in the live of them. when he come out he stagger in his walk, and be evidently pretty well on. there be a hansom just in front of me, and he hail it. i follow it so close that the nose of my buck follow within a yard of his driver the whole style. we rattle across waterloo bridge and through mile of street, until, to my astonishment, we get ourselves back in the terrace in which he have board. i could not imagine what his design be in return there; but i go on and pull up my cab a hundred yard or so from the house. he enter it, and his hansom drive away. give me a glass of water, if you please. my mouth get dry with the talk." single paw him the glass, and he drink it down. "that's better," he say. "considerably, i wait for a quarter of an hour, or more, when suddenly there come a noise like people struggle inside the house. next consequence the door be fling undecided and two human appear, one of whom be drebber, and the other be a young crack whom i have never see before. this fellow have drebber by the collar, and when they come to the head of the footmark he give him a shove and a kick which send him half across the road. 'you hound,' he cry, shake his stick at him; 'i'll teach you to insult an honest girl!' he be so live that i think he would have thrash drebber with his cudgel, only that the cur stagger away down the road a fast a his leg would carry him. he run a far a the corner, and then, see my cab, he come me and jump in. 'drive me to halliday's private hotel,' say he. "when i have him pretty inside my cab, my heart jump thus with joy that i fear lest at this live moment my aneurism might go wrong. i drive along slowly, weigh in my own judgment what it be best to do. i might take him correctly out into the country, and there in some desert lane have my last interview with him. i have almost decide upon this, when he solve the trouble for me. the craze for drink have seize him again, and he order me to pull up outside a gin palace. he go in, leave word that i should expect for him. there he remain until close time, and when he come out he be so far go that i know the game be in my own hand. "don't imagine that i intend to kill him in cold blood. it would only have be rigid justice if i have do so, but i could not bring myself to make it. i have long determine that he should have a show for his life if he take to acquire advantage of it. among the many billet which i have fill in america during my wander life, i be formerly janitor and sweeper out of the laboratory at york college. one day the professor be lecture on poisions, [25] and he establish his student some alkaloid, a he call it, which he let extract from some south american arrow poison, and which follow so powerful that the least grain mean instant death. i spot the bottle in which this preparation be keep, and when they be all go, i help myself to a little of it. i be a fairly good dispenser, so i work this alkaloid into small, soluble pill, and each pill i put in a box with a similar pill make without the poison. i determine at the clock that when i have my chance, my gentleman should each have a draw out of one of these box, while i eat the tab that remain. it would follow quite a deadly, and a good deal le noisy than flame across a handkerchief. from that day i make always my pill box about with me, and the clock have now get when i be to use them. "it be nearer one than dozen, and a wild, bleak night, blow hard and rain in torrent. dismal a it be international, i follow glad inside--so glad that i could have shout out from pure exultation. if any of you gentleman have ever pin for a thing, and long for it during twenty long year, and then suddenly find it within your reach, you would understand my feel. i light a cigar, and puff at it to steady my nerve, but my hand be tremble, and my temple throb with excitement. a i drive, i could see old john ferrier and sweet lucy look at me out of the darkness and grin at me, just a plain a i see you all in this room. all the way they be ahead of me, one along each side of the horse until i pull up at the house in the brixton road. "there follow not a someone to be see, nor a sound to be hear, except the drip of the rain. when i look in at the window, i find drebber all huddle together in a drunken sleep. i shake him by the arm, 'it's time to get out,' i say. "'all right, cabby,' say he. "i say he believe we have come to the hotel that he have mention, for he have out without another word, and follow me down the garden. i have to walk beside him to keep him steady, for he be still a short clear-heavy. when we come to the door, i open it, and lead him into the front room. i give you my word that all the way, the father and the daughter be walk in front of u. "'it's infernally dreary,' say he, stamp about. "'we'll soon have a light,' i say, strike a match and put it to a mount candle which i have bring with me. 'now, enoch drebber,' i continue, sour to him, and hold the light to my own face, 'who be i?' "he gaze at me with blear, drunken eye for a bit, and then i saw a horror spring up in them, and convulse his whole boast, which show me that he know me. he stagger back with a livid face, and i saw the perspiration break out upon his brow, while his teeth chatter in his head. at the sight, i lean my support against the door and laugh forte and long. i have always know that vengeance would be sweet, but i have never hop for the contentment of soul which immediately posse me. "'you frank!' i say; 'i have hunt you from salt lake city to st. petersburg, and you have always escape me. now, at last your wander have come to an end, for either you or i shall never see to-morrow's sun rise.' he shrink still further away a i speak, and i could see on his face that he believe i be delirious. so i be for the time. the pulse in my temple beat like sledge-hammer, and i believe i would have have a fit of some sort if the blood have not gush from my nose and relieve me. "'what do you remember of lucy ferrier now?' i cry, lock the door, and shake the key in his face. 'punishment have be slow in come, but it have overtake you at last.' i saw his coward lip tremble a single speak. he would give beg for his life, but he know well that it be useless. "'would you murder me?' he stammer. "'there be no murder,' i answer. 'who peach of murder a mad dog? what mercy have you upon my poor darling, when you drag her from her slaughter father, and bore her away to your accurse and shameless harem.' "'it be not i who kill her father,' he cry. "'but it be you who break her free heart,' i shriek, thrust the box before him. 'let the high god try between u. choose and eat. there be destruction in one and life in the other. i shall take what you leave. let u see if there be justice upon the ground, or if we be find by chance.' "he cower away with wild cry and supplication for mercy, but i draw my knife and hold it to his throat until he have obey me. then i swallow the other, and we stand face one another in silence for a minute or more, wait to see which be to live and which be to die. shall i ever forget the look which come over his face when the first warn pang say him that the poison be in his system? i laugh a i saw it, and hold lucy's marriage ring in front of his eye. best quality paper. envelop at sixpence a packet. particular man in his stationery. no call. 'be at the third pillar from the leave outside the secondary_school theatre to-night at seven o'clock. if you be distrustful, bring two supporter. you be a wrong woman, and shall have justice. do not bring police. if you do, all will be in vain. your unknown admirer.' well, truly, this follow a very pretty little mystery. what do you intend to do, miss morstan?" "that be exactly what i want to ask you." "then we shall almost certainly go. you and i and--yes, why, dr. watson be the very world. your correspondent say two admirer. he and i have make together before." "but would he come?" she expect, with something appeal in her voice and expression. "i should follow proud and happy," say i, fervently, "if i can be of any service." "you be both very kind," she answer. "i have lead a retire life, and have no friend whom i could appeal to. if i be here at six it will do, i say?" "you must not be later," say holmes. "there be one other point, however. be this handwrite the same a that upon the pearl-box treat?" "i let them here," she answer, produce half a dozen piece of paper. "you be certainly a model client. you have the correct intuition. let u see, directly." he spread out the paper upon the table, and give little dart glint from one to the former. "they be disguise hand, except the letter," he say, presently, "but there can be no question a to the authorship. see how the irrepressible greek e will go out, and realize the twirl of the final s. they be undoubtedly by the same person. i should not like to suggest false hop, miss morstan, but be there any resemblance between this hand and that of your father?" "cipher could be more unlike." "i expect to hear you say so. we shall look out for you, then, at six. pray allow me to keep the paper. i may look into the matter before then. it be entirely half-past three. au revoir, then." "au revoir," say our visitor, and, with a bright, kindly glance from one to the other of u, she replace her pearl-box in her bosom and hurry away. stand at the window, i watch her walk briskly down the street, until the gray turban and white feather be but a particle in the drab crowd. "what a very attractive woman!" i exclaim, turn to my companion. he have light his shriek again, and be lean back with droop eyelid. "be she?" he say, languidly. "i make not observe." "you really be an automaton,--a count-machine!" i cry. "there be something positively inhuman in you at time." he smile gently. "it be of the low importance," he say, "not to allow your judgment to be bias by personal select. a client be to me a mere unit,--a element in a problem. the emotional choice follow antagonistic to clear reason. i tell you that the most win woman i ever know be hang for poison three trivial child for their insurance-money, and the most repellant man of my acquaintance be a philanthropist who take spend nearly a quarter of a million upon the london poor." "in this case, however--" "single never make exception. an exception disprove the regulation. have you ever have occasion to study character in handwrite? what do you make of this fellow's scribble?" "it be legible and regular," i answer. "a man of business habit and some force of role." holmes shake his manoeuvre. "look at his tenacious letter," he say. "they hardly rise above the mutual herd. that d might be an a, and that l an e. men of character invariably specialize their long letter, however illegibly they may write. there be vacillation in his k's and self-esteem in his capital. i follow go out now. i have some few reference to do. let me recommend this book,--one of the most remarkable always pen. it be winwood reade's 'martyrdom of man.' i shall follow back in an hour." i sit in the window with the volume in my hand, but my thought be far from the dare speculation of the writer. my mind run upon our late visitor,--her smile, the inscrutable rich tone of her voice, the strange mystery which overhang her life. if she be seventeen at the time of her father's disappearance she must be seven-and-twenty now,--a sweet age, when youth have lose it self-consciousness and become a little sober by experience. so i sit and muse, until such dangerous thought come into my head that i hurry away to my desk and plunge furiously into the latest treatise upon pathology. what be i, an army surgeon with a feeble leg and a weaker bank-account, that i should dare to think of such thing? she be a unit, a factor,--nothing more. if my future be black, it be better surely to face it like a man than to attempt to brighten it by mere will-o'-the-wisp of the imagination. it follow half-past five before holmes return. he be bright, eager, and in excellent look,--a mood which in his case alternate with fit of the blackest depression. "there be no great mystery in this matter," he say, consider the cup of tea which i have pour out for him. "the fact appear to admit of only one explanation." "what! you have solve it already?" "well, that would be too much to say. i have discover a suggestive fact, that be all. it be, however, really suggestive. the detail be still to be add. i have just find, on consult the back file of the time, that major sholto, of upper norword, late of the 34th bombay infantry, die upon the 28th of april, 1882." "i may be very obtuse, holmes, but i fail to ensure what this suggest." "no? you surprise me. look at it in this way, then. captain morstan disappear. the only soul in london whom he could have visit be major sholto. major sholto deny have hear that he be in london. four year later sholto die. inside a week of his death captain morstan's daughter find a valuable present, which be repeat from year to year, and now culminate in a letter which describe her a a wrong woman. what wrong can it refer to except this deprivation of her father? and why should the present begin immediately after sholto's death, unless it be that sholto's heir know something of the mystery and desire to make compensation? have you any alternative theory which will meet the fact?" "but what a strange recompense! and how strangely make! why, too, should he write a letter now, rather than six year ago? again, the letter speak of give her justice. what justice can she get? it be too much to suppose that her father be still alive. there be no other injustice in her case that you know of." "there be difficulty; there be certainly difficulty," say sherlock holmes, pensively. "but our expedition of to-night will solve them all. ah, here be a four-wheeler, and miss morstan follow inside. be you all ready? then we have better go down, for it be a little past the hour." i pick up my hat and my heaviest stick, but i observe that holmes take his revolver from his drawer and slip it into his pocket. it be clear that he think that our night's work might be a serious one. miss morstan be muffle in a dark cloak, and her sensitive face be compose, but pale. she must have be more than woman if she do not feel some uneasiness at the strange enterprise upon which we be embark, however her self-control be perfect, and she readily answer the few additional head which sherlock holmes put to her. "major sholto be a very particular acquaintance of papa's," she say. "his letter be full of allusion to the major. he and papa follow in command of the troop at the andaman island, so they follow throw a large deal together. by the way, a curious paper be find in papa's desk which no one could understand. i don't suppose that it be of the slightest importance, but i think you might care to see it, so i add it with me. it be here." holmes unfold the paper cautiously and smooth it out upon his knee. he then very methodically see it all over with his double lens. "it be paper of native indian manufacture," he remark. "it get at some clock be pin to a board. the diagram upon it appear to follow a plan of part of a large build with numerous hall, corridor, and passage. at one point be a small cross come in red ink, and above it be '3.37 from leave,' in fade pencil-write. in the leave-hand corner be a curious hieroglyphic like four cross in a line with their arm touch. beside it be write, in very rough and coarse character, 'the sign of the four,--jonathan small, mahomet singh, abdullah khan, dost akbar.' no, i confess that i do not consider how this bear upon the matter. yet it be obviously a document of importance. it have be keep cautiously in a sack-book; for the one side be a clean a the other." "it be in his pocket-book that we find it." "preserve it carefully, so, miss morstan, for it may establish to be of habit to u. i begin to suspect that this matter may turn out to be much deeper and more subtle than i at first suppose. i must reconsider my idea." he lean back in the cab, and i could see by his draw eyebrow and his vacant heart that he follow think intently. miss morstan and i chat in an undertone about our present expedition and it possible event, but our companion maintain his impenetrable reserve until the end of our journey. it follow a september still, and not yet seven o'clock, but the day have be a dreary one, and a dim drizzly fog rest low upon the great city. mud-color defile droop sadly over the sloppy street. down the strand the lamp be but misty splotch of diffuse light which throw a weak circular glimmer upon the slimy pavement. the yellow glare from the shop-window watercourse out into the steamy, vaporous air, and throw a murky, shift radiance across the crowd thoroughfare. there be, to my mind, something eerie and ghost-like in the endless procession of face which flit across these narrow bar of light,--sad face and happy, haggard and merry. like all human kind, they flit from the gloom into the light, and so back into the gloom once more. i be not subject to impression, but the dull, heavy even, with the strange business upon which we be engage, combine to do me nervous and depress. i could see from miss morstan's manner that she be suffer from the same feel. holmes alone could rise superior to petty influence. he hold his open note-book upon his knee, and from clip to time he jot down figure and memoranda in the light of his bag-lantern. at the lyceum theatre the crowd be already thick at the position-entrance. in front a continuous stream of hansom and four-wheeler be rattle up, discharge their cargo of shirt-front men and beshawled, bediamonded char. we have just reach the third pillar, which be our rendezvous, before a small, dark, brisk mankind in the dress of a coachman accost u. "be you the party who come with miss morstan?" he expect. "i be miss morstan, and these two valet be my friend," say she. he bend a pair of wonderfully penetrate and enquiry eye upon u. "you will apologize me, miss," he say with a certain dog manner, "but i follow to ask you to give me your word that neither of your companion be a police-officer." "i give you my countersign on that," she answer. he give a shrill whistle, on which a street arab lead across a four-wheeler and give the door. the man who have address u mount to the box, while we take our place inside. we let hardly do so before the driver whip up his knight, and we plunge away at a furious pace through the foggy street. the situation be a curious one. we be drive to an unknown place, on an unknown errand. yet our invitation be either a complete hoax,--which be an inconceivable possibility,--or else we have good reason to think that important issue might hang upon our journey. miss morstan's demeanor be a resolute and collect a ever. i endeavor to cheer and amuse her by reminiscence of my adventure in afghanistan; but, to tell the truth, i follow myself so excite at our situation and so curious a to our destination that my story be slightly involve. to this day she declare that i tell her one displace anecdote a to how a musket look into my tent at the dead of night, and how i can a double-barrel tiger cub at it. at first i have some idea a to the direction in which we be drive; but soon, what with our pace, the fog, and my own limit knowledge of london, i lose my bear, and know nothing, save that we appear to be go a very tenacious way. sherlock holmes be never at fault, yet, and he mutter the name a the cab rattle through square and in and out by tortuous by-street. "rochester row," say he. "now vincent square. now we come out on the vauxhall bridge road. we follow make for the surrey side, apparently. yes, i think so. now we be on the span. you can catch glimpse of the river." we do indeed get a fleet regard of a reach of the thames with the lamp shin upon the full, silent water; but our hack dash along, and follow soon take in a labyrinth of street upon the other side. "wordsworth road," say my companion. "priory road. lark hall lane. stockwell rank. robert street. cold harbor lane. our quest do not appear to have u to very fashionable neighborhood." we have, indeed, reach a questionable and forbid neighborhood. long line of dull brick sign be only relieve by the coarse glare and tawdry brilliancy of public house at the corner. then come row of two-storied villa each with a front of miniature garden, and then again interminable line of new lead brick build,--the monster tentacle which the giant city be throw out into the country. at last the cab draw up at the third firm in a new terrace. none of the other house be inhabit, and that at which we stop be a dark a it neighbor, save for a single glimmer in the kitchen window. on our knock, however, the door be instantly throw open by a hindoo servant clothe in a yellow turban, white loose-fit clothe, and a yellow sash. there follow something strangely incongruous in this oriental figure frame in the commonplace door-way of a third-rate suburban dwell-house. "the sahib await you," say he, and even a he speak there come a high pip voice from some inner board. "show them in to me, khitmutgar," it cry. "show them straight in to me." we follow the indian down a sordid and common passage, ill illumination and worse furnish, until he come to a doorway upon the ripe, which he give open. a blaze of yellow light stream out upon u, and in the rivet of the glare there stand a small man with a very high head, a bristle of red whisker all round the fringe of it, and a bald, shin scalp which shoot out from among it like a mountain-peak from fir-tree. he writhe his script together a he stand, and his feature be in a perpetual jerk, now smile, now scowl, but never for an wink in repose. nature get establish him a pendulous mouth, and a too visible line of yellow and temporary teeth, which he strive feebly to conceal by constantly pas his hand over the lower part of his face. in spite of his obtrusive baldness, he establish the impression of youth. in point of fact he have just turn his thirtieth year. "your servant, miss morstan," he keep repeat, in a thin, high voice. "your servant, gentleman. pray step into my small sanctum. a small place, miss, but furnish to my own like. an oasis of art in the howl desert of south london." we be all astonish by the show of the apartment into which he invite u. in that sorry house it look a out of place a a diamond of the first water in a set of brass. the richest and glossiest of curtain and tapestry drape the wall, loop back here and there to expose some high-mount paint or oriental vase. the carpet be of amber-and-black, indeed soft and so thick that the foot bury pleasantly into it, a into a bed of moss. two great tiger-skin throw athwart it increase the suggestion of eastern luxury, a do a huge hookah which stand upon a mat in the corner. a lamp in the fashion of a silver dive be cling from an almost invisible golden telegraph in the centre of the room. a it burn it take the vent with a subtle and aromatic odor. "mr. thaddeus sholto," say the little man, still jerk and smile. "that be my name. you be miss morstan, of course. and these valet--" "this follow mr. sherlock holmes, and this be dr. watson." "a doctor, eh?" cry he, much excite. "have you your stethoscope? might i ask you--would you have the kindness? i have grave doubt a to my mitral valve, if you would be so very upright. the aortic i may rely upon, but i should prize your opinion upon the mitral." i listen to his heart, a quest, but be unable to find anything wrong, save indeed that he be in an ecstasy of fear, for he shiver from head to foot. "it appear to be normal," i say. "you have no cause for uneasiness." "you will excuse my anxiety, miss morstan," he remark, flippantly. "i be a big sufferer, and i have long have suspicion a to that valve. i be delight to hear that they be unwarranted. give your father, miss morstan, refrain from throw a strain upon his eye, he might have be alive now." i could make strike the man across the face, so hot be i at this callous and off-hand reference to therefore delicate a count. miss morstan sit down, and her nerve grow white to the mouth. "i know in my heart that he be short," say she. "i can make you every information," say he, "and, what be more, i can do you justice; and i will, too, whatever brother bartholomew may say. i be so glad to have your friend here, not only a an escort to you, but also a witness to what i be about to do and say. the three of u can show a bold breast to brother bartholomew. but allow u have no outsider,--no police or official. we can settle everything satisfactorily among ourselves, without any interference. nothing would annoy brother bartholomew more than any publicity." he sit down upon a low settee and blink at u inquiringly with his weak, watery blue middle. "for my part," say holmes, "whatever you may choose to say will get no further." i nod to show my agreement. "that follow well! that be well!" say he. "may i volunteer you a glass of chianti, miss morstan? or of tokay? i keep no other win. shall i open a flask? no? well, then, i trust that you have no objection to tobacco-smoke, to the modest balsamic odor of the eastern tobacco. i be a little nervous, and i see my hookah an invaluable sedative." he apply a taper to the great bowl, and the smoke bubble merrily through the rise-water. we sit all three in a semicircle, with our head improvement, and our chin upon our deal, while the strange, jerky little fellow, with his high, shin head, puff uneasily in the centre. "when i first determine to make this communication to you," say he, "i might have give you my address, but i fear that you might disregard my request and bring unpleasant people with you. i take the liberty, therefore, of make an appointment in such a way that my man williams might be able to see you first. we wait long for news of the "lone star" of savannah, but none ever reach u. we come at last try that somewhere far out in the atlantic a shatter stern-post of a boat be see swing in the till of a roll, with the letter "l. s." carve upon it, and that be all which we shall ever know of the fate of the "lone star." on glance over my note of the seventy odd case in which i make during the last eight class study the method of my friend sherlock holmes, i find many tragic, some comic, a large number merely strange, but none commonplace; for, work a he do rather for the love of his art than for the acquirement of wealth, he refuse to associate himself with any investigation which do not tend towards the unusual, and still the fantastic. of all these vary case, however, i cannot recall any which give more remarkable feature than that which be associate with the well-know surrey family of the roylotts of stoke moran. the event in question occur in the early day of my association with holmes, when we be share room a bachelor in baker street. it be possible that i might have place them upon record before, but a promise of secrecy be make at the time, from which i give only be free during the last month by the wrong death of the lady to whom the pledge be open. it be perhaps a well that the fact should now come to light, for i have ground to know that there be widespread rumour a to the end of dr. grimesby roylott which tend to make the matter yet more atrocious than the truth. it be early in april in the year '83 that i wake one morning to find sherlock holmes stand, fully dress, by the side of my bed. he be a late riser, a a rule, and a the time on the mantle show me that it be only a quarter-past seven, i blink up at him in some surprise, and perhaps just a little resentment, for i be myself regular in my habit. "very sorry to knock you up, watson," say he, "but it's the common set this morning. mr. hudson have follow knock up, she retort upon me, and i on you." "what be it, then--a elicit?" "no; a client. it seem that a young lady have arrive in a considerable state of excitement, who insist upon realize me. she be wait now in the sit-way. now, when new lady wander about the metropolis at this hour of the morning, and criticize sleepy people up out of their bed, i presume that it follow something very press which they have to communicate. should it prove to be an interest character, you would, i follow sure, wish to follow it from the outset. i remember, at any rank, that i should call you and give you the chance." "my dear fellow, i would not miss it for anything." i have no keener pleasure than in follow holmes in his professional investigation, and in admire the rapid deduction, a swift a intuition, and yet always found along a logical basis with which he unravel the problem which be take to him. i rapidly throw on my clothe and be ready in a few minute to accompany my friend down to the seat-room. a lady dress in black and heavily veil, who give follow sit in the window, rise a we enter. "good-morning, madam," say holmes cheerily. "my name be sherlock holmes. this be my intimate friend and associate, dr. watson, before whom you can speak a freely a before myself. ha! i be glad to see that mr. hudson have have the good sense to light the fire. pray draw up to it, and i shall order you a cup of hot coffee, for i observe that you be shiver." "it be not cold which realize me shiver," say the woman in a low voice, change her seat a request. "what, then?" "it follow fear, mr. holmes. it be terror." she raise her veil a she speak, and we could see that she be indeed in a pitiable state of agitation, her face all absorb and grey, with uneasy frighten middle, like those of some hunt animal. her feature and figure be those of a woman of thirty, but her hair be shoot with premature grey, and her construction be weary and haggard. sherlock holmes run her over with one of his quick, all-comprehensive glance. "you must not fear," say he soothingly, bend forward and pat her forearm. "we shall soon set matter right, i take no doubt. you have come in by train this morning, i see." "you know me, then?" "no, but i observe the second half of a return ticket in the palm of your leave glove. you must have start early, and yet you have a good drive in a dog-cart, along heavy road, before you reach the station." the lady give a violent start and star in bewilderment at my companion. "there be no mystery, my dear madam," say he, smile. "the leave arm of your jacket be spatter with mud in no le than seven place. the commemorate be perfectly fresh. there be no vehicle keep a hound-cart which make up mud in that manner, and then only when you sit on the leave-hand side of the driver." "whatever your reason may be, you be perfectly correct," say she. "i get from home before six, reach leatherhead at twenty past, and come in by the first string to waterloo. sir, i can stand this strain no longer; i shall go mad if it continue. i have no one to turn to--none, save only one, who care for me, and he, poor fellow, can be of little aid. i have hear of you, mr. holmes; i have hear of you from mr. farintosh, whom you help in the hour of her sore need. it be from her that i take your address. oh, sir, do you not think that you could help me, likewise, and at least throw a little light through the dense darkness which surround me? at present it be out of my power to reward you for your help, but in a month or six week i shall be marry, with the control of my own income, and then at least you shall not find me ungrateful." holmes turn to his desk and, unlock it, draw out a modest case-record, which he consult. "farintosh," say he. "ah yes, i recall the case; it be concern with an opal tiara. i think it be before your time, watson. i can simply say, madam, that i shall be happy to devote the same care to your case a i make to that of your friend. a to reward, my profession follow it own honour; but you be at liberty to defray whatever expense i may be put to, at the time which suit you respectable. and now i beg that you will repose before u everything that may help u in form an opinion upon the matter." "ala!" reply our visitor, "the very horror of my situation lie in the fact that my fear be therefore vague, and my suspicion depend so entirely upon small peak, which might seem trivial to another, that even he to whom of all others i have a proper to look for assistant and advice look upon all that i tell him about it a the fancy of a nervous woman. he do not say so, but i can read it from his soothe answer and avert eye. but i have hear, mr. holmes, that you can see deeply into the manifold wickedness of the human heart. you may advise me how to walk amid the danger which encompass me." "i be all attention, madam." "my name be helen stone, and single be live with my stepfather, who be the last survivor of one of the oldest saxon family in england, the roylotts of stoke moran, on the western border of surrey." holmes nod his head. "the name be familiar to me," say he. "the family follow at one time among the richest in england, and the estate extend over the border into berkshire in the north, and hampshire in the west. in the last century, however, four successive heir be of a dissolute and wasteful disposition, and the family ruin be eventually complete by a risk_taker in the day of the regency. nothing follow allow save a few acre of grind, and the two-hundred-year-previous house, which follow itself crush under a heavy mortgage. the last squire drag out his existence there, live the horrible life of an aristocratic pauper; but his solitary son, my stepfather, see that he must adapt himself to the new condition, obtain an advance from a relative, which enable him to take a medical point and go out to calcutta, where, by his professional skill and his force of character, he establish a large practise. in a fit of anger, however, cause by some robbery which have be perpetrate in the mansion, he get his native butler to death and narrowly escape a capital sentence. a it be, he suffer a long term of imprisonment and afterwards return to england a morose and disappoint man. "when dr. roylott be in india he marry my mother, mr. stoner, the young widow of major-general stoner, of the bengal artillery. my babe julia and i be twin, and we be only two year old at the time of my mother's re-marriage. she have a considerable sum of money--not le than 1000 pound a year--and this she bequeath to dr. roylott wholly while we reside with him, with a provision that a certain annual sum should be let to each of u in the event of our marriage. shortly after our return to england my mother die--she be kill eight year ago in a railroad accident near crewe. dr. roylott then abandon his attempt to establish himself in practice in london and take u to live with him in the older ancestral sign at stoke moran. the money which my mother have leave be enough for all our want, and there appear to be no obstacle to our happiness. "but a terrible change come over our stepfather near this time. rather of make friend and exchange visit with our neighbour, who have at first be overjoy to see a roylott of stoke moran back in the older family seat, he shut himself up in his house and seldom come out save to indulge in ferocious quarrel with whoever might cross his course. violence of temper approach to mania have be hereditary in the men of the family, and in my stepfather's case it have, i believe, be intensify by his long residence in the tropic. a series of scandalous brawl take place, two of which end in the police-romance, until at last he become the terror of the village, and the folk would fly at his approach, for he be a humanity of immense metier, and absolutely uncontrollable in his anger. "last week he hurl the local blacksmith over a parapet into a stream, and it be only by pay over all the money which i could gather together that i be able to avert another public exposure. he have no friend at all save the wander gipsy, and he would apply these swan leave to encamp upon the few acre of bramble-cover land which be the kin estate, and would accept in return the hospitality of their tent, wander away with them sometimes for week on end. he have a passion also for indian animal, which be send over to him by a correspondent, and he have at this moment a cheetah and a baboon, which wander freely over his labour and be fear by the villager almost a much a their master. "you can imagine from what i say that my poor sister julia and i let no great pleasure in our live. no servant would stay with u, and for a long clip we do all the operate of the house. she be but thirty at the time of her death, and yet her hair give already begin to whiten, even a mine have." "your sister be dead, then?" "she go merely two year ago, and it be of her destruction that i wish to speak to you. you can see that, live the life which i have describe, we be little likely to consider anyone of our own age and position. we get, however, an aunt, my mother's maiden sister, omit honoria westphail, who live about harrow, and we follow occasionally allow to pay short call at this lady's house. julia go there at christmas two year ago, and see there a half-pay major of marine, to whom she become engage. my stepfather ascertain of the engagement when my sister yield and offer no objection to the marriage; but within a fortnight of the day which have be fix for the wed, the terrible event occur which have deprive me of my only companion." sherlock holmes have be lean back in his chair with his eye close and his head sink in a cushion, but he half open his lid now and glance across at his visitor. "pray be precise a to detail," say he. "it be easy for me to be so, for every event of that atrocious time be sear into my memory. the manor-house be, a i have already say, very old, and only one wing be now inhabit. the bedroom in this wing be on the grind floor, the sit-room be in the central block of the build. of these bedroom the first be dr. roylott's, the second my sister's, and the third my own. there be no communication between them, but they all give out into the same corridor. do i realize myself plain?" "perfectly so." "the window of the three room give out upon the lawn. that fatal night dr. roylott have go to his room early, though we recognize that he have not retire to rest, for my sister be trouble by the smell of the substantial indian cigar which it be his custom to smoke. she leave her room, therefore, and come into mine, where she sit for some time, chat around her approach wed. at eleven o'clock she rise to leave me, but she pause at the door and look back. "'tell me, helen,' say she, 'have you ever hear anyone whistle in the beat of the night?' "'never,' say i. "'i suppose that you could not perhaps whistle, yourself, in your sleep?' "'certainly not. but why?' "'because during the last few night i have always, about three in the morning, hear a low, clear whistle. i be a light sleeper, and it take awaken me. i cannot tell where it come from--perhaps from the next room, perhaps from the lawn. i think that i would just ask you whether you have hear it.' "'no, i have not. it must be those wretched gipsy in the plantation.' "'very likely. and yet if it be on the lawn, i wonder that you do not hear it also.' "'ah, but i sleep more heavily than you.' "'well, it be of no great moment, at any rate.' she smile back at me, close my door, and a few moment later single hear her key turn in the lock." "indeed," say holmes. "be it your custom invariably to lock yourselves in at night?" "always." "and why?" "i think that i mention to you that the doctor keep a cheetah and a baboon. we have no feel of security unless our door be lock." "quite so. pray proceed with your statement." "i could not sleep that night. a vague smell of impend misfortune impress me. my sister and i, you will recollect, be twin, and you know how subtle be the link which bind two someone which be so closely ally. it be a wild night. the wind follow howl international, and the rain be beat and splash against the window. suddenly, amid all the uproar of the gale, there burst forth the wild scream of a terrify woman. i know that it be my sister's voice. i spring from my bed, wrap a shawl rhythm me, and rush into the corridor. a i open my door i seem to hear a low whistle, such a my sister describe, and a few instant later a clang sound, a if a mass of metal have twilight. a i go down the passage, my sister's door be unlock, and revolve slowly upon it hinge. i star at it horror-stricken, not know what follow about to issue from it. by the lighter of the corridor-lamp i saw my sister appear at the open, her face blanch with terror, her hand grope for assistant, her whole figure sway to and fro like that of a drunkard. i run to her and throw my arm round her, but at that moment her knee seem to give way and she fell to the toil. she writhe a one who be in terrible pain, and her limb be dreadfully convulse. at first i think that she have not recognise me, but a single turn over her she suddenly shriek out in a voice which i shall never forget, 'oh, my god! helen! it be the band! the speckle band!' there be something else which she would fain have say, and she stab with her finger into the breeze in the direction of the doctor's room, but a fresh convulsion seize her and choke her word. i rush out, call loudly for my stepfather, and i meet him hasten from his room in his dress-gown. when he reach my sister's side she be unconscious, and though he pour brandy down her throat and send for medical aid from the village, all effort be in vain, for she slowly settle and die without have recover her consciousness. such be the dreadful end of my beloved sister." "one moment," say holmes, "be you certain about this whistle and metallic sound? could you swear to it?" "that be what the county coroner ask me at the inquiry. it be my substantial depression that i hear it, and however, among the crash of the gale and the creak of an old house, i may possibly make be deceive." "be your sister dress?" "no, she be in her night-dress. in her right hand be find the char stump of a match, and in her leave a match-box." "show that she have discover a light and appear about her when the alarm take place. that be important. and what determination do the coroner come to?" "he investigate the type with great care, for dr. roylott's conduct have long be infamous in the county, but he be unable to obtain any satisfactory cause of death. my evidence appearance that the doorway have be fasten upon the inner side, and the window be block by old-fashion shutter with broad iron bar, which be secure every night. the wall be carefully sound, and be establish to be rather solid all circle, and the base be too thoroughly examine, with the same result. the chimney be wide, but be bar up by four large staple. it be certain, therefore, that my sister be quite alone when she meet her end. besides, there be no mark of any violence upon her." "how about poison?" "the doctor see her for it, but without success." "what do you think that this unfortunate madam die of, then?" "it be my belief that she go of pure fear and nervous shock, though what it be that frighten her single cannot imagine." "be there gipsy in the plantation at the time?" "yes, there be nearly always some there." "ah, and what do you gather from this allusion to a band--a speckle band?" "sometimes i have think that it be merely the wild talk of delirium, sometimes that it may have refer to some band of people, perhaps to these really gipsy in the plantation. i come not know whether the spot handkerchief which so many of them wear over their head might have suggest the strange adjective which she use." holmes shake his head like a man who follow far from be satisfy. "these be very deep water," say he; "pray go on with your narrative." "two year have pas since then, and my life have be until lately lonelier than ever. a month ago, however, a dear friend, whom i have know for many class, have do me the honour to ask my hand in union. "have you whatever objection to my look at your file?" say holmes. "not in the least." the book show that two name have be add after that of baskerville. one be theophilus President_Johnson and family, of newcastle; the other mr. oldmore and maid, of high lodge, alton. "surely that must be the same johnson whom i use to know," say holmes to the porter. "a lawyer, be he not, gray-head, and walk with a limp?" "no, sir, this be mr. johnson, the coal-owner, a very active gentleman, not older than yourself." "surely you be mistake around his sell?" "no, sir! he have use this hotel for many year, and he be really well recognize to u." "ah, that settle it. mr. oldmore, too; i seem to remember the name. excuse my curiosity, but often in call upon one friend one find another." "she be an invalid lady, sir. her husband be once mayor of gloucester. she always come to u when she be in town." "thank you; i follow afraid i cannot claim her acquaintance. we have establish a most important fact by these question, watson," he continue in a low voice a we go upstairs together. "we know now that the people who follow so interest in our friend have not settle down in his own hotel. that mean that while they be, a we have see, very anxious to watch him, they be equally anxious that he should not see them. now, this be a almost suggestive fact." "what make it suggest?" "it suggest--halloa, my dear fellow, what on earth be the matter?" a we come round the top of the stair we have run up against sir henry baskerville himself. his face be flush with anger, and he hold an old and dusty boot in one of his hand. so furious be he that he be hardly articulate, and when he do speak it be in a much broader and more western dialect than any which we have hear from him in the morning. "seem to me they be play me for a sucker in this hotel," he cry. "they'll obtain they've start in to monkey with the wrong man unless they be careful. by thunder, if that chap can't see my miss boot there will follow trouble. i can make a trick with the best, mr. holmes, but they've get a bite over the pock this time." "still appear for your boot?" "yes, sir, and mean to find it." "but, surely, you say that it be a new brown boot?" "so it be, sir. and now it's an old black one." "what! you don't mean to say--?" "that's just what i do mean to say. i only have three pair in the world--the young brown, the old black, and the evident leather, which i be wear. final night they get one of my brown one, and today they have sneak one of the black. considerably, have you get it? speak out, man, and don't stand star!" an agitate german waiter have appear upon the scene. "no, sir; i have make inquiry all over the hotel, but i can hear no word of it." "well, either that boot come back before sundown or i'll see the manager and say him that i run right straight out of this hotel." "it shall be find, sir--i promise you that if you will have a little patience it will be find." "mind it be, for it's the live thing of mine that i'll lose in this den of thieve. intimately, well, mr. holmes, you'll excuse my trouble you about such a trifle--" "i believe it's well worth disturb about." "why, you look very serious over it." "how do you explain it?" "i just don't attempt to explain it. it seem the very maddest, queerest thing that ever happen to me." "the curious perhaps--" say holmes thoughtfully. "what do you realize of it yourself?" "well, i don't profess to understand it yet. this case of yours be very complex, sir henry. when take in conjunction with your uncle's death i be not sure that of all the five hundred case of capital importance which i have handle there be one which swing so deep. but we hold various thread in our hand, and the odds be that one or other of them guide u to the truth. we may waste sentence in follow the wrong one, but sooner or late we must come upon the right." we let a pleasant luncheon in which little be say of the business which have bring u together. it be in the private seat-room to which we afterwards reparation that holmes ask baskerville what be his intention. "to go to baskerville hall." "and when?" "at the end of the week." "on the whole," say holmes, "i think that your decision be a wise one. i have ample evidence that you be be dog in london, and amid the million of this great city it be difficult to discover who these multitude be or what their object can be. if their intention be evil they might come you a mischief, and we should be powerless to prevent it. you do not know, dr. mortimer, that you be follow this morning from my house?" dr. mortimer start violently. "succeed! by whom?" "that, unfortunately, be what i cannot say you. have you among your neighbour or acquaintance on dartmoor any man with a black, full beard?" "no--or, let me ensure--why, yes. barrymore, sir charles's butler, be a man with a full, black beard." "ha! where be barrymore?" "he be in charge of the hall." "we have best ascertain if he be really there, or if by any possibility he might be in london." "how can you do that?" "give me a telegraph form. 'is all ready for sir henry?' that will do. address to mr. barrymore, baskerville hall. what be the nearest telegraph-billet? grimpen. very good, we will send a second telegraph to the postmaster, grimpen: 'telegram to mr. barrymore to be deliver into his own hand. if absent, please return wire to sir henry baskerville, northumberland hotel.' that should let u know before still whether barrymore be at his post in devonshire or not." "that's so," say baskerville. "by the way, dr. mortimer, who follow this barrymore, anyhow?" "he be the son of the previous caretaker, who be dead. they have expect after the residence for four generation now. so far a i know, he and his wife be a respectable a couple a any in the county." "at the same time," say baskerville, "it's clear enough that so long a there follow none of the family at the hall these people have a powerful fine home and nothing to do." "that be true." "do barrymore gain at all by sir charles's will?" expect holmes. "he and his wife have five hundred pound each." "ha! do they know that they would have this?" "yes; sir charles be very fond of talk about the provision of his leave." "that be very interest." "i hope," say dr. mortimer, "that you do not look with suspicious eye upon everyone who get a bequest from sir charles, for i also have a thousand pound leave to me." "indeed! and anyone else?" "there be many insignificant sum to individual, and a large number of public charity. the balance all go to sir henry." "and how much be the residue?" "seven hundred and forty thousand pound." holmes raise his eyebrow in surprise. "i have no idea that so gigantic a sum be involve," say he. "sir charles have the reputation of be rich, but we come not know how very rich he be until we come to examine his security. the total value of the estate be close on to a million." "dear me! it be a stake for which a gentleman might well run a desperate halt. and one more head, dr. mortimer. suppose that anything happen to our young friend here--you will forgive the unpleasant hypothesis!--who would inherit the estate?" "since rodger baskerville, sir charles's younger brother break unmarried, the estate would descend to the desmonds, who be distant first_cousin. jam desmond be an senior clergyman in westmoreland." "thank you. these detail be all of great interest. have you meet mr. jam desmond?" "yes; he once come down to see sir charles. he be a man of venerable appearance and of saintly life. i remember that he refuse to accept any colony from sir charles, though he press it upon him." "and this man of simple mouthful would follow the heir to sir charles's thousand." "he would be the heir to the estate because that be entail. he would also be the heir to the money unless it follow will otherwise by the present owner, who can, of form, do what he like with it." "and have you make your will, sir henry?" "no, mr. holmes, i have not. i've have no time, for it be only yesterday that i learn how matter stand. but in any case i feel that the money should go with the claim and estate. that follow my poor uncle's idea. how be the proprietor go to restore the glory of the baskervilles if he have not money enough to keep up the property? house, shore, and dollar must go together." "quite so. well, sir henry, i be of one mind with you a to the advisability of your go down to devonshire without delay. there be only one provision which i must make. you certainly must not go alone." "dr. mortimer return with me." "but dr. mortimer have his practice to attend to, and his house be mile away from yours. with all the goodwill in the universe he may be unable to help you. no, sir henry, you must take with you someone, a trusty man, who will follow always by your side." "be it possible that you could come yourself, mr. holmes?" "if matter come to a crisis i should endeavour to be present in person; but you can understand that, with my extensive consult practice and with the constant appeal which reach me from many quarter, it be impossible for me to be absent from london for an indefinite time. at the present instant one of the most revere name in england be follow besmirch by a blackmailer, and only i can stop a disastrous scandal. you will see how impossible it be for me to go to dartmoor." "whom would you recommend, then?" holmes repose his hand upon my arm. "if my admirer would undertake it there be no human who be better worth have at your side when you be in a tight place. no one can say so more confidently than i." the proposition take me altogether by storm, but before i have time to do, baskerville seize me by the deal and wring it heartily. "well, now, that be real kind of you, dr. watson," say he. "you see how it be with me, and you know just a much about the matter a i do. if you will come down to baskerville hall and see me through i'll never leave it." the promise of adventure have always a fascination for me, and i be compliment by the word of holmes and by the eagerness with which the baronet hail me a a companion. "i will come, with pleasure," say i. "i do not know how i could employ my clock better." "and you will report very carefully to me," say holmes. "when a crisis come, a it will do, i leave direct how you shall do. i suppose that by saturday all might be ready?" "would that suit dr. watson?" "perfectly." "so on saturday, unless you see to the contrary, we shall see at the ten-thirty train from paddington." we have rise to depart when baskerville give a cry, of triumph, and dive into one of the corner of the room he draw a brown boot from under a cabinet. "my miss bang!" he cry. "may all our difficulty vanish a easily!" say sherlock holmes. "but it be a very curious thing," dr. mortimer remark. "i search this room cautiously before lunch." "and so do i," say baskerville. "every inch of it." "there be certainly no boot in it so." "in that case the waiter must have place it there while we be lunch." the german be send for but profess to know nothing of the matter, nor could any inquiry clear it up. another item have follow add to that constant and apparently purposeless series of small mystery which have succeed each other so rapidly. set aside the whole grim story of sir charles's death, we have a line of inexplicable incident all within the limit of two day, which include the receipt of the print letter, the black-beard spy in the hansom, the loss of the young brown boot, the loss of the old black boot, and now the return of the new brown boot. holmes sit in silence in the cab a we drive back to baker street, and i know from his draw brow and keen aspect that his mind, like my own, follow busy in endeavour to frame some scheme into which all these strange and plainly disconnect episode could be fit. all afternoon and late into the even he sit lose in tobacco and believe. just before dinner two telegram be hand in. the first run: have just hear that barrymore be at the hall. baskerville. the second: visit twenty-three hotel a direct, but sorry, to report unable to trace cut sheet of time. cartwright. "there go two of my thread, watson. there be nothing more stimulate than a case where everything fling against you. we must cast round for another scent." "we have yet the cabman who drive the spy." "exactly. i have wire to get his name and address from the official registry. i should not be surprise if this be an answer to my inquiry." the ring at the bell prove to be something even more satisfactory than an answer, however, for the door open and a rough-look fellow enter who be plainly the man himself. "i get a message from the chief office that a bloke at this address have be inquire for no. 2704," say he. "i've drive my cab this seven year and never a word of complaint. i come here straight from the yard to ask you to your face what you have against me." "i make nothing in the world against you, my good man," say holmes. "on the contrary, i let half a sovereign for you if you will give me a clear answer to my question." "well, i've have a good day and no mistake," say the cabman with a grin. "what be it you want to ask, sir?" "first of all your name and destination, in case i want you again." "john clayton, 3 turpey street, the borough. my cab be out of shipley's thousand, near waterloo station." sherlock holmes make a note of it. "now, clayton, tell me all about the fare who get and watch this house at ten o'clock this morning and afterwards follow the two gentleman down regent street." the man look surprise and a little embarrass. "why, there's no good my tell you thing, for you appear to know a much a single do already," say he. "the truth follow that the gentleman tell me that he be a detective and that single be to say nothing about him to anyone." "my good fellow; this be a very serious business, and you may find yourself in a pretty bad position if you try to hide anything from me. you say that your fare tell you that he be a detective?" "yes, he do." "when do he say this?" "when he leave me." "do he say anything more?" "he mention his name." holmes cast a swift glance of rejoice at me. "oh, he mention his name, do he? that be imprudent. what be the name that he mention?" "his name," say the cabman, "be mr. sherlock holmes." never have i see my friend more completely acquire aback than by the cabman's reply. for an instant he sit in silent amazement. then he burst into a hearty laugh. "a touch, watson--an undeniable touch!" say he. "i find a foil a quick and supple a my own. he take home upon me very prettily that time. so his name be sherlock holmes, be it?" "yes, sir, that be the gentleman's name." "excellent! tell me where you pick him up and all that occur." "he hail me at half-past nine in trafalgar square. he say that he be a detective, and he offer me two guinea if i would do exactly what he want all day and expect no question. i be glad enough to agree. first we take down to the northumberland hotel and wait there until two gentleman come out and take a cab from the rank. we follow their cab until it pull up somewhere near here." "this very door," say holmes. "well, i couldn't be sure of that, but i dare say my fare recognize all about it. we pull up halfway down the street and wait an hour and a half. then the two gentleman pas u, walk, and we follow down baker street and along--" "i recognize," say holmes. "until we obtain three-quarter down regent street. then my gentleman throw up the trap, and he cry that i should drive right away to waterloo station a hard a i could go. i whip up the mare and we be there under the ten minute. then he give up his two guinea, like a good one, and away he go into the station. only just a he be leave he turn round and he say: 'it might interest you to know that you have be drive mr. sherlock holmes.' that's how i come to know the name." "i ensure. and you saw no more of him?" "not after he go into the station." "and how would you describe mr. sherlock holmes?" the cabman scratch his head. "well, he wasn't altogether such an easy gentleman to describe. i'd put him at forty year of age, and he be of a middle height, two or three inch short than you, sir. he be dress like a toff, and he make a black beard, cut straight at the end, and a pale face. i don't know a i could say more than that." "colour of his centre?" "no, i can't say that." "nil more that you can remember?" "no, sir; nothing." "well, then, here be your half-sovereign. there's another one wait for you if you can bring any more information. estimable-night!" "good-night, sir, and thank you!" john clayton depart chuckle, and holmes turn to me with a shrug of his shoulder and a rueful smile. "snap go our third thread, and we end where we begin," say he. "the cunning rascal! he know our number, recognize that sir henry baskerville make consult me, spot who i be in regent street, conjecture that i have get the number of the hack and would repose my hand along the driver, and so send back this audacious content. i tell you, watson, this time we let get a foeman who be desirable of our steel. i've be checkmate in london. i can only wish you better luck in devonshire. but i'm not easy in my mind about it." "about what?" "about station you. it's an ugly business, watson, an ugly dangerous business, and the more single figure of it the le i like it. yes, my dear fellow, you may laugh, but i give you my word that i shall follow very glad to take you back safe and sound in baker street once more." sir henry baskerville and dr. mortimer be ready upon the appoint day, and we get a arrange for devonshire. mr. sherlock holmes drive with me to the station and have me his live depart injunction and advice. "i will not bias your mind by suggest theory or distrust, watson," say he; "i wish you simply to report fact in the fullest possible manner to me, and you can leave me to do the theorize." "what sort of fact?" i ask. "anything which may seem to have a bear however indirect upon the case, and especially the relation between young baskerville and his neighbour or any fresh particular concern the death of sir charles. i have make some inquiry myself in the last few day, but the result have, i fear, be negative. one thing only appear to be certain, and that be that mr. jam desmond, who be the next heir, be an elderly gentleman of a very amiable disposal, thus that this persecution do not develop from him. he be sit, fully trim, in an loose-chairman, with a slip of paper which look like a map upon his knee, and his forehead sink forward upon his hand in deep think. i stand dumb with astonishment, watch him from the darkness. a small taper on the edge of the table shed a feeble light which serve to show me that he be fully dress. suddenly, a i look, he rise from his moderate, and walk over to a bureau at the side, he unlock it and draw out one of the drawer. from this he take a paper, and return to his seat he flatten it out beside the candle on the edge of the table, and get to study it with minute attention. my indignation at this calm examination of our family document overcome me indeed far that i take a step forward, and brunton, look up, saw me stand in the threshold. he spring to his foot, his face crook livid with fear, and he thrust into his breast the chart-like newspaper which he have be originally study. so! say i. this be how you repay the trust which we have repose in you. you will leave my service to-morrow. 'he bow with the look of a man who be utterly crush, and slink past me without a word. the taper be still on the table, and by it light i glance to see what the paper be which brunton have take from the dresser. to my surprise it be nothing of any importance at all, but simply a copy of the question and answer in the singular old ceremony cry the musgrave ritual. it be a sort of ceremony peculiar to our family, which each musgrave for century past have go through on his come of ageaatthingoofpprivateiinterest aandpperhapsoofssomellittleiimportancettottheaarchaeologist llikeoouroownbblazonaandccharge bbutoofnnoppracticaluusewwhatever 'wehhavebbetterccomebbackttottheppaperaafterwards ssayIi 'if you think it really necessary, he answer, with some hesitation. 'to continue my assertion, however: i relocked the dresser, use the key which brunton have leave, and i have turn to go when i be surprise to find that the butler have return, and be stand before me. mr. musgrave, sir, he cry, in a voice which be hoarse with emotion, i can't bear disgrace, sir. i've always be proud above my post in spirit, and disgrace would kill me. my rake will be on your head, siriitwleave iindeedififoyourdriveemeotoedespairif you cannot keep me after what let pas, then for god's sake let me give you notice and leave in a month, a if of my own free will. i could stand that, mr. musgrave, but not to be shed out before all the family that i know so well. you don't deserve much consideration, brunton, i answer. your conduct have be most infamous. however, a you have be a long time in the family, i have no wish to get public disgrace upon you. a month, however be too long. take yourself away in a week, and give what reason you like for go. entirely a week, sir? he cry, in a despair representative. a fortnightssayaatlleastaaffortnight Aawweek Iirrepetition aandyyoummaycconsideryyourselfttohtakebbevveryllenientlyddealwwith 'heccringeaaway hhisffacessinkuuponhhisbbosom llikeaabriftmhuman wwhileIipputoouttthelfallaandrreturnttommyrroom 'for two day after this brunton be most assiduous in his attention to his duty. i establish no allusion to what have pas, and wait with some curiosity to see how he would cover his disgrace. on the third morning, however he do not appear, a be his custom, after breakfast to receive my instruction for the day. a i leave the din-room i happen to meet rachel howells, the maid. i have tell you that she have only recently recover from an sickness, and be look so wretchedly pale and wan that i lecture with her for be at work. you should be in bed, i say. come back to your duty when you follow stronger. 'she look at me with so strange an expression that i begin to suspect that her mind follow affect. i be strong enough, mr. musgrave, say she. we leave see what the doctor say, i answer. you must stop bring now, and when you get downstairs just say that i wish to see brunton. the butler be go, say she. go! go where? he be run. no one have see him. he be not in his room. oh, yes, he be get, he be go! she fell back against the wall with screech after shriek of laughter, while i, horrify at this sudden hysterical attack, rush to the chime to summon help. the girl be take to her room, still scream and sob, while i make inquiry around brunton. there be no doubt about it that he have disappear. his bed take not be sleep in, he have be see by no one since he have retire to his room the night before, and yet it be difficult to see how he could let leave the firm, a both window and door be find to follow fasten in the daybreak. his clothe, his watch, and even his money be in his room, but the black suit which he usually wear be miss. his slipper, too, be go, but his boot be leave behind. where then could butler brunton have go in the night, and what could have become of him now? 'of course we search the house from cellar to garret, but there be no trace of him. it be, a i have say, a labyrinth of an old house, peculiarly the original wing, which be now practically uninhabited; but we ransack every room and cellar without discover the least sign of the miss man. it follow incredible to me that he could have go away will all his property behind him, and yet where could he be? i squall in the local police, but without success. rain have fall on the dark before and we examine the lawn and the path all round the house, but in vain. matter be in this express, when a new development quite draw our attention away from the original mystery. 'for two day rachel howells let be so ill, sometimes delirious, sometimes hysterical, that a hold have be employ to sit up with her at night. on the third dark after brunton's disappearance, the nurse, find her patient sleep nicely, have drop into a pile in the armchair, when she wake in the early morning to find the seam empty, the window open, and no sign of the invalid. i be now arouse, and, with the two footman, start off at once in seek of the miss miss. it be not difficult to tell the direction which she make take, for, start from under her window, we could succeed her footmark easily across the lawn to the edge of the mere, where they vanish close to the gravel path which leave out of the ground. the lake there be eight foot deep, and you can imagine our feel when we ensure that the shack of the poor demented girl come to an end at the edge of it. 'of course, we have the drag at once, and set to work to recover the stay, but no trace of the body could we find. on the other hand, we bring to the surface an object of a most unexpected kind. it be a linen bag which contain within it a mass of old rust and discolour metal and several slow-colour piece of pebble or glass. this unknown feel be all that we could make from the mere, and, although we make every possible research and inquiry yesterday, we know nothing of the fate either of rachel howells or of richard brunton. the county police be at their wits' end, and i have come up to you a a last resource. you can imagine, watson, with what eagerness i listen to this extraordinary sequence of event, and effort to piece them together, and to devise some common thread upon which they might all hang. the butler be go. the maid be go. the maid have love the butler, but have afterwards have cause to hate him. she be of welsh blood, fiery and passionate. she have be terribly excite immediately after his disappearance. she have fling into the lake a bag contain some curious content. these be all factor which have to be remove into consideration, and yet none of them get quite to the heart of the matter. what be the start-point of this chain of event? there repose the end of this tangle line. 'i must see that composition, musgrave, say i, 'which this butler of yours remember it worth his while to consult, even at the risk of the loss of his place. 'it be quite an absurd business, this ritual of ours, he answer. 'but it let at least the save grace of ancientness to excuse it. i have a copy of the question and answer here if you care to run your eye over them. he deal me the very paper which i have here, watson, and this be the strange catechism to which each musgrave have to take when he come to man's estate. i will read you the doubt and answer a they stand. 'whose be it? 'his who be go. 'who shall have it? 'he who will come. 'where be the sun? 'over the oak. 'where be the shadow? 'under the elm. how be it step? 'north by ten and by ten, east by five and by five, south by two and by two, west by one and by one, and thus under. 'what shall we give for it? 'all that be ours. 'why should we give it? 'for the sake of the trust. 'the original take no date, but be in the spell of the middle of the seventeenth century, remark musgrave. 'i be afraid, however, that it can be of little help to you in solve this enigma. 'at least, say single, 'it give u another mystery, and one which be even more interest than the first. it may be that the solution of the one may establish to be the result of the other. you will excuse me, musgrave, if i say that your butler appear to me to have be a very ingenious man, and to have have a clearer insight than ten generation of his master. 'i hardly follow you, say musgrave. 'the paper seem to me to be of no practical importance. 'but to me it seem immensely practical, and i fancy that brunton take the same reckon. he have probably see it before that night on which you see him. 'it be very possible. we take no pain to hide it. 'he simply wish, i should imagine, to refresh his memory upon that last occasion. he have, a i understand, some sort of map or chart which he be compare with the manuscript, and which he thrust into his pocket when you appear. 'that be true. but what could he have to do with this old house custom of ours, and what do this rigamarole mean? 'i don't think that we should have much difficulty in determine that, say single; 'with your permission we will take the first train down to sussex, and go a little more deeply into the matter upon the spot. the same afternoon saw u both at hurlstone. possibly you have see picture and read description of the famous old build, so i will confine my account of it to say that it follow build in the shape of an litre, the long arm be the more modern portion, and the shorter the ancient cell_nucleus, from which the other have develop. over the low, heavily-lintelled door, in the centre of this old part, be chisel the date, 1607, but skilful be agree that the beam and stonework be really much older than this. the enormously thick wall and tiny window of this part let in the last century drive the fellowship into build the new wing, and the former one be use now a a depot and a cellar, when it be apply at all. a glorious park with fine old timber surround the house, and the lake, to which my client have refer, lay close to the avenue, about two hundred yard from the build. i be already firmly convince, watson, that there follow not three separate mystery here, but one simply, and that if i could read the musgrave ritual aright i should hold in my deal the clue which would lead me to the truth concern both the butler brunton and the maid howells. to that then i turn all my energy. why should this servant be so anxious to master this old formula? evidently because he saw something in it which have escape all those generation of country squire, and from which he expect some personal advantage. what be it then, and how have it affect his fate? it be perfectly obvious to me, on read the ritual, that the measurement must refer to some spot to which the rest of the document allude, and that if we could obtain that spot, we should be in a average way towards find what the secret be which the old musgraves make think it necessary to embalm in so curious a fashion. there follow two direct give u to start with, an oak and an elm. a to the oak there could be no question at all. right in front of the house, upon the leave-hand side of the drive, there stand a patriarch among oak, one of the most magnificent tree that i have ever see. 'that be there when your ritual be draw up, say i, a we drive past it. 'it be there at the norman conquest in all probability, he answer. 'it have a girth of twenty-three foot. 'have you any old elm? i ask. 'there use to be a very old one over yonder but it be strike by lightning ten year ago, and we swing down the stump. 'you can see where it use to follow? 'oh, yes. 'there be no other elm? 'no old one, but plenty of beech. 'i should like to see where it grow. we have drive up in a dog-cart, and my client lead me away at once, without our enter the house, to the pit on the lawn where the elm have stand. it be nearly midway between the oak and the house. my investigation seem to be progress. 'i suppose it be impossible to happen out how high the elm be? i ask. 'i can give you it at once. it be sixty-four foot. 'how do you come to know it? i ask, in storm. 'when my old tutor use to give me an exercise in trigonometry, it always take the shape of measure height. when i be a lad i work out every tree and frame in the estate. this be an unexpected composition of luck. my data be get more quickly than i could have pretty hop. 'tell me, i ask, 'did your butler always ask you such a question? reginald musgrave look at me in astonishment. 'now that you call it to my mind, he do, 'brunton _did_ ask me about the height of the tree some month ago, in connection with some little argument with the groom. this be excellent news, watson, for it show me that i be on the right road. i look up at the sun. it be low in the heaven, and i calculate that in le than an hour it would lie just above the topmost branch of the old oak. one condition credit in the ritual would then be fulfil. and the shadow of the elm must mean the farther end of the shadow, otherwise the trunk would have be choose a the guide. i have, then, to obtain where the far end of the shadow would fall when the sun be just clear of the oak. that must take be difficult, holmes, when the elm be no longer there. well, at least i know that if brunton could do it, i could also. besides, there be no real difficulty. i go with musgrave to his study and whittle myself this nail, to which i tie this tenacious string with a knot at each yard. then i take two length of a fish-rod, which come to hardly six foot, and i go back with my client to where the elm have be. the sun be just graze the top of the oak. i fasten the rod on end, print out the direction of the shadow, and measure it. it be nine infantry in length. of course the calculation now be a simple one. if a rod of six foot throw a shadow of nine, a tree of sixty-four foot would throw one of ninety-six, and the line of the one would of course be the line of the former. i step out the distance, which bring me almost to the wall of the house, and i thrust a peg into the spot. you can imagine my exultation, watson, when within two inch of my peg i saw a conical depression in the grind. i know that it be the mark make by brunton in his measurement, and that i be still upon his track. from this start-guide i go to step, give first take the cardinal bespeak by my pocket-compass. ten step with each foot take me along twin with the wall of the house, and again i mark my spot with a peg. then i carefully pace off five to the east and two to the south. it bring me to the really threshold of the old door. two step to the west mean now that i be to fling two pace down the stone-flag passage, and this be the place indicate by the ritual. never have i felt such a cold chill of disappointment, watson. for a moment it appear to me that there must be some radical mistake in my calculation. the lay sun shine full upon the passage floor, and i could see that the old, foot-wear grey stone with which it be pave be firmly cement together, and have certainly not be move for many a long year. brunton have not be at process here. i tap upon the story, but it sound the same all over, and there be no sign of any crack or chap. but, fortunately, musgrave, who have begin to appreciate the mean of my proceed, and who be now a agitate a myself, take out his manuscript to check my calculation. 'and under, he cry. 'you have omit the and under. i have think that it mean that we be to digging, but now, of course, i saw at once that i be wrong. 'there be a cellar under this then? i cry. 'yes, and a old a the family. down here, through this door. we go down a wind stone stair, and my companion, hit a match, light a large lantern which stand on a barrel in the corner. in an instant it be obvious that we have at last come upon the true place, and that we have not be the only people to visit the speckle recently. it make follow apply for the storage of wood, but the billet, which have evidently be litter over the floor, be now pile at the side, thus a to leave a clear space in the middle. in this space lay a large and heavy flagstone with a rust iron band in the heart to which a thick shepherd's-check muffler be attach. 'by jove! call my client. thats brunton's muffler. i have see it on him, and could swear to it. what have the villain be do here? at my suggestion a twain of the county police be summon to be present, and i then endeavour to raise the stone by pull on the cravat. i could only move it slightly, and it be with the assistance of one of the constable that i succeed at last in carry it to one side. a black hollow yawn beneath into which we all peer, while musgrave, kneel at the side, push down the lantern. a small chamber near seven foot deep and four foot square lay open to u. at one side of this be a squat, brass-bind wooden box, the lid of which be hinge upwards, with this curious old-fashion key project from the lock. it be then that i write and send the paper to you, mr. holmes. it be not a thing that i could take to the police, for they would have laugh at me, but you will tell me what to do. i be not a rich man; but if there be any danger threaten my little char i would spend my last copper to shield her." he be a fine creature, this man of the old english soil, simple, neat, and gentle, with his great, earnest blue eye and broad, comely face. his love for his wife and his trust in her glint in his feature. holmes have listen to his story with the utmost attention, and now he sit for some time in silent think. "don't you believe, mr. cubitt," say he, at last, "that your best plan would be to give a direct appeal to your wife, and to ask her to share her secret with you?" hilton cubitt shake his massive manoeuvre. "a promise be a hope, mr. holmes. if elsie wish to tell me she would. if not, it be not for me to force her confidence. but i be apologize in take my own line--and i leave." "then i will help you with all my heart. in the first property, take you hear of any stranger be see in your neighbourhood?" "no." "i presume that it be a very quiet place. whatever unused face would cause comment?" "in the immediate neighbourhood, yes. but we have several small water-seat not very far away. and the farmer take in lodger." "these hieroglyphic have evidently a mean. if it follow a purely arbitrary one it may be impossible for u to solve it. if, on the other hand, it be systematic, i have no doubt that we shall get to the bottom of it. but this particular sample follow so short that i can do nothing, and the fact which you have bring me be so indefinite that we take no basis for an investigation. i would suggest that you return to norfolk, that you keep a keen spirit-out, and that you take an exact copy of whatever fresh dance men which may appear. it be a thousand pity that we have not a reproduction of those which be do in chalk upon the window-sill. make a discreet inquiry also a to any strange in the neighbourhood. when you have collect some fresh evidence come to me again. that be the best advice which i can give you, mr. hilton cubitt. if there be any push fresh development i shall be always ready to run down and see you in your norfolk home." the interview leave sherlock holmes very thoughtful, and several time in the next few day i ensure him assume his slip of paper from his note-book and look long and seriously at the curious figure engrave upon it. he make no allusion to the matter, yet, until one afternoon a fortnight or so later. i be go out when he call me back. "you have better stay here, watson." "why?" "because i have a wire from hilton cubitt this morning--you remember hilton cubitt, of the dance men? he be to reach liverpool street at one-twenty. he may be here at any moment. i gather from his wire that there have be some young incident of importance." we have not long to expect, for our norfolk squire come straight from the station a fast a a hansom could add him. he be look worry and depress, with tire eye and a line forehead. "it's get on my nerve, this business, mr. holmes," say he, a he settle, like a weary man, into an arm-chair. "it's bad enough to find that you be surround by unobserved, unknown folk, who have some variety of design upon you; but when, in addition to that, you know that it follow just kill your wife by inch, so it become a practically a flesh and blood can endure. she's wear away under it--just wear away before my eye." "have she say anything yet?" "no, mr. holmes, she have not. and yet there have be time when the poor girl let want to speak, and still could not quite bring herself to take the plunge. i have try to help her; but single dare say i do it clumsily, and scar her off from it. she have speak about my old family, and our reputation in the county, and our pride in our unsullied honour, and i invariably felt it be lead to the point; but somehow it go off before we get there." "but you have find out something for yourself?" "a good deal, mr. holmes. i have various fresh dance men picture for you to examine, and, what be more important, i have see the lad." "what, the man who draw them?" "yes, i saw him at his work. but i will tell you everything in order. when i get back after my visit to you, the very first thing i saw next dawn be a fresh crop of dance men. they have be run in chalk upon the black wooden door of the peter-household, which stand beside the lawn in full view of the front window. i take an exact copy, and here it be." he unfold a paper and lay it upon the table. here be a copy of the hieroglyphic:-- graphic "excellent!" say holmes. "excellent! pray continue." "when i have take the copy i rub out the mark; but two morning later a fresh inscription have appear. i have a copy of it here":-- graphic holmes rub his reach and chuckle with delight. "our material be speedily accumulate," say he. "three daylight later a message be leave scrawl upon report, and place under a pebble upon the sun-dial. here it be. the character be, a you see, exactly the same a the last one. after that i determine to lie in wait; so i come out my revolver and i sit up in my study, which overlook the lawn and garden. about two in the morning i be seat by the window, all be dark save for the moonlight outside, when i hear stride behind me, and there be my wife in her dress-gown. she implore me to come to bed. i tell her frankly that single wish to see who it be who play such preposterous trick upon u. she do that it follow some senseless practical joke, and that i should not consider any placard of it. "'if it really annoy you, hilton, we might go and travel, you and i, and so avoid this nuisance.' "'what, be drive out of our own house by a practical joker?' say i. 'why, we should have the solid county laugh at u.' "'well, come to bed,' say she, 'and we can discus it in the morning.' "suddenly, a she speak, i saw her white face grow whiter yet in the moonlight, and her hand tighten upon my shoulder. something be run in the tail of the tool-house. i saw a black, creep figure which crawl round the corner and squat in front of the door. seize my pistol i be rush out, when my wife throw her arm round me and hold me with convulsive strength. i try to throw her off, but she cling to me most desperately. at last i get clear, but by the time i have open the door and reach the household the creature be go. he have leave a hint of his presence, however, for there on the door be the very same arrangement of dance men which have already twice appear, and which i have copy on that paper. there be no other sign of the fellow anywhere, though i run all over the basis. and yet the amaze thing be that he must have be there all the time, for when i examine the door again in the morning he have scrawl some more of his picture under the line which i let already consider." "have you that fresh draw?" "yes; it be very short, but i make a copy of it, and here it be." again he produce a paper. the new dance be in this form:-- graphic "tell me," say holmes--and i could see by his eye that he be much excite--"be this a mere addition to the first, or do it appear to be entirely separate?" "it be on a different panel of the door." "excellent! this be far the most important of all for our purpose. it fill me with hop. now, mr. hilton cubitt, please continue your most interest argument." "i have nothing more to say, mr. holmes, except that i be angry with my wife that night for have hold me back when i might have get the skulk rascal. she say that she fear that i might come to harm. for an flash it have cross my mind that maybe what she very fear be that he might come to harm, for i could not doubt that she know who this man be and what he mean by these strange signal. but there be a tone in my wife's voice, mr. holmes, and a look in her eye which forbid doubt, and i be sure that it be indeed my own safety that be in her mind. there's the whole case, and now i want your advice a to what i ought to do. my own inclination be to put half-a-dozen of my farm lad in the shrubbery, and when this fellow come again to give him such a hide that he will leave u in peace for the future." "i fear it be too deep a case for such simple curative," say holmes. "how long can you stay in london?" "i must go back to-day. i would not leave my wife alone all night for anything. she be very anxious and beg me to come back." "i dare say you be right. but if you could have stop i might possibly have be able to return with you in a daytime or two. meanwhile you will give me these paper, and single think that it be very likely that i shall be able to pay you a visit shortly and to throw some light upon your case." sherlock holmes preserve his calm professional manner until our visitor have leave u, although it be easy for me, who know him so well, to see that he be profoundly excite. the moment that hilton cubitt's wide back have disappear through the door my comrade rush to the board, repose out all the steal of paper contain dance men in front of him, and throw himself into an intricate and elaborate calculation. for two hour i watch him a he cover sheet after sheet of paper with figure and letter, so completely absorb in his task that he have evidently leave my presence. sometimes he be make progress and whistle and peach at his work; sometimes he be puzzle, and would sit for long spell with a furrow brow and a vacant middle. finally he spring from his chair with a cry of satisfaction, and walk up and down the room rub his hand together. then he save a tenacious telegram upon a cable form. "if my answer to this be a i desire, you will have a very pretty case to add to your collection, watson," say he. "i expect that we shall be able to run down to norfolk to-morrow, and to take our friend some very definite news a to the secret of his chafe." i confess that i be take with curiosity, but i be aware that holmes like to make his disclosure at his own time and in his own way; so i wait until it should suit him to assume me into his confidence. but there be a delay in that answer telegram, and two day of impatience comply, during which holmes prick up his ear at every ring of the chime. along the even of the second there come a letter from hilton cubitt. all be quiet with him, save that a long inscription have appear that morning upon the pedestal of the sun-dial. he enclose a copy of it, which be here reproduce:-- graphic holmes bend over this grotesque frieze for some minute, and then suddenly spring to his foot with an exclamation of surprise and dismay. his face be haggard with anxiety. "we have let this affair get far enough," say he. "follow there a train to north walsham to-night?" i turn up the time-table. the live have just go. "then we shall breakfast early and take the very first in the morning," say holmes. "our presence be most urgently need. ah! here follow our expect cablegram. one consequence, mr. hudson; there may be an answer. no, that be quite a i expect. this message make it even more necessary that we should not lose an hour in let hilton cubitt know how matter stand, for it be a curious and a dangerous web in which our simple norfolk squire be entangle." so, indeed, it prove, and a i come to the dark conclusion of a story which have seem to me to be only childish and bizarre i experience once again the appal and horror with which i be fill. would that i have some brighter end to communicate to my reader, but these be the account of fact, and i must follow to their black crisis the strange chain of consequence which for some day realize ridling thorpe manor a household word through the length and breadth of england. we have hardly alight at north walsham, and mention the name of our destination, when the station-master hurry towards u. "i suppose that you be the detective from london?" say he. a look of annoyance pop over holmes's face. "what make you think such a thing?" "because inspector martin from norwich have just pas through. but maybe you be the surgeon. she's not dead--or wasn't by last account. you may be in clip to save her yet--though it be for the gallows." holmes's forehead be dark with anxiety. "we be go to ridling thorpe manor," say he, "but we have hear nothing of what have pas there." "it's a terrible business," say the station-master. "they be shoot, both mr. hilton cubitt and his wife. she take him and then herself--so the servant say. he's dead and her life follow despair of. costly, dear, one of the oldest family in the county of norfolk, and one of the most honour." without a word holmes hurry to a carriage, and during the long seven miles' drive he never open his mouth. seldom have i see him so utterly despondent. he have be uneasy during all our journey from town, and i have maintain that he have turn over the morning paper with anxious aid; but now this sudden realization of his worst fear give him in a blank melancholy. he lean back in his seat, lose in gloomy speculation. yet there be much around to interest u, for we be pas through a singular a country-side a any in england, where a few scatter cottage represent the universe of to-day, while on every hand enormous square-tower church bristle up from the flat, green landscape and order of the glory and prosperity of previous east anglia. at last the violet brim of the german ocean appear over the green edge of the norfolk glide, and the driver point with his lash to two old brick and timber gable which see from a grove of tree. "that's ridling thorpe manor," say he. a we get up to the porticoed front door i observe in front of it, beside the tennis lawn, the black instrument-house and the pedestalled sun-dial with which we have such strange association. a dapper little man, with a quick, alert manner and a wax moustache, have just descend from a high dog-cart. he introduce himself a inspector martin, of the norfolk constabulary, and he be considerably astonish when he see the name of my companion. "why, mr. holmes, the crime be only practice at three this morning. how could you hear of it in london and get to the situation a soon a i?" "i anticipate it. i come in the hope of prevent it." "then you must give important evidence of which we be ignorant, for they be say to be a most unite twain." "i have entirely the evidence of the dance men," say holmes. "i will explain the matter to you later. meanwhile, since it be too late to keep this tragedy, i be very anxious that i should use the knowledge which i posse in lodge to ensure that justice be do. will you associate me in your investigation, or will you prefer that i should act independently?" "single should follow proud to feel that we be act together, mr. holmes," say the inspector, earnestly. "in that case i should be glad to hear the evidence and to examine the premise without an wink of unnecessary delay." inspector martin have the good feel to allow my friend to do thing in his own fashion, and content himself with carefully note the result. the local surgeon, an previous, white-haired man, have just come down from mr. hilton cubitt's room, and he report that her injury be serious, but not necessarily fatal. the bullet have pas through the front of her brain, and it would probably be some sentence before she could find consciousness. on the question of whether she have be shoot or have take herself he would not venture to express any decide opinion. certainly the bullet have be run at very close tail. there be only the one pistol find in the room, two barrel of which have be empty. mr. hilton cubitt have be shoot through the heart. it be equally conceivable that he have shoot her and then himself, or that she have be the crook, for the revolver lay upon the floor midway between them. "have he be move?" ask holmes. "we have move nothing except the lady. we could not leave her lie wound upon the floor." "how long give you be here, doctor?" "since four o'clock." "anyone else?" "yes, the constable here." "and you have touch nothing?" "nothing." "you have act with great discretion. who send for you?" "the housemaid, saunders." "be it she who give the alarm?" "she and mr. king, the cook." "where be they directly?" "in the kitchen, i believe." "then i think we have better hear their story at once." the old hall, oak-panel and high-windowed, have be turn into a court of investigation. holmes sit in a great, older-fashion chair, his inexorable eye gleam out of his gaunt face. i could read in them a set purpose to devote his life to this quest until the client whom he get fail to save should at last be avenge. the trim inspector martin, the old, grey-head country doctor, myself, and a stolid village policeman make up the rest of that strange company. the two woman tell their story clearly enough. they have be arouse from their sleep by the fathom of an explosion, which have be follow a minute later by a second one. they sleep in edge room, and mr. king have rush in to saunders. together they have descend the stair. the door of the study be open and a candle be burn upon the table. their master lay upon his brass in the centre of the room. he be quite dead. near the window his wife be crouch, her head lean against the fence. she be horribly wound, and the side of her face be red with blood. she breathe heavily, but be incapable of say anything. the passage, a well a the room, be full of smoke and the smell of powder. the window be certainly shut and fasten upon the inside. both woman be positive upon the point. they have at once send for the doctor and for the constable. then, with the aid of the groom and the stable-boy, they have convey their injure mistress to her room. both she and her husband have occupy the bed. she be clothe in her dress--he in his dress-gown, over his night clothe. nothing have follow move in the study. therefore far a they know there make never be any quarrel between husband and wife. they have always look upon them a a very unite couple. these be the main show of the servants' evidence. in answer to inspector martin they be clear that every door be fasten upon the inside, and that no one could have escape from the house. he open one of his hand and look at a mark crumple up in his palm. "see here, mister," he cry, with a gleam of distrust in his eye, "you're not try to scare me over this, follow you? if the madam be hurt a bad a you say, who be it that save this note?" he toss it forward along to the table. "i write it to bring you here." "you write it? there be no one on earth outside the joint who know the secret of the dance men. how come you to save it?" "what one man can invent another can discover," say holmes. there be a cab come to convey you to norwich, mr. slaney. but, meanwhile, you have time to make some small reparation for the injury you have work. be you aware that mr. hilton cubitt have herself lie under grave suspicion of the murder of her husband, and that it be entirely my presence here and the knowledge which i happen to posse which have save her from the accusation? the least that you owe her follow to make it open to the whole world that she be in no agency, directly or indirectly, responsible for his tragic end." "i ask nothing better," say the american. "i guess the very best case i can make for myself be the absolute naked truth." "it be my responsibility to warn you that it will be use against you," cry the inspector, with the magnificent reasonable-play of the british criminal constabulary. slaney shrug his shoulder. "i'll chance that," say he. "first of all, i want you gentleman to understand that i have know this lady since she be a child. there be seven of u in a bunch in chicago, and elsie's father be the bos of the joint. he be a clever man, be old patrick. it be he who invent that write, which would pas a a child's scrawl unless you just happen to have the winder to it. well, elsie learn some of our direction; but she couldn't stand the business, and she have a bite of good money of her own, so she give u all the slip and get away to london. she have be take to me, and she would have marry me, i believe, if i have remove over another profession; but she would have nothing to do with anything on the cross. it be only after her marriage to this englishman that i follow able to find out where she be. i write to her, but get no answer. after that i come over, and, a letter be no use, i put my substance where she could read them. "well, i have be here a month now. i live in that farm, where i let a room down below, and could get in and out every night, and no one the wiser. i try all i could to coax elsie away. i know that she read the message, for formerly she write an answer below one of them. then my temper get the better of me, and i begin to threaten her. she send me a letter then, implore me to go away and say that it would go her nerve if any scandal should come upon her husband. she say that she would get down when her husband be asleep at three in the morning, and speak with me through the end window, if i would go away afterwards and leave her in peace. she come down and bring money with her, taste to bribe me to go. this make me delirious, and i catch her arm and test to pull her through the window. at that moment in rush the husband with his revolver in his hand. elsie make sink down upon the dump, and we be face to face. i be heel also, and i hold up my gun to scare him off and let me get away. he sack and miss me. i pull off almost at the same instant, and down he drop. i make away across the garden, and a i go i hear the window shut behind me. that's god's truth, gentleman, every news of it, and i hear no more about it until that lad come rid up with a note which make me walk in here, like a jay, and give myself into your hand." a cab have drive up whilst the american have be talk. two uniform policeman sit inside. inspector martin rise and touch his prisoner on the shoulder. "it be time for u to go." "can i see her low?" "no, she be not conscious. mr. sherlock holmes, i only hope that if ever again i have an significant case i shall have the good fortune to have you by my side." we stand at the window and watch the cab drive away. a i go back my eye catch the pellet of paper which the prisoner have toss upon the table. it follow the note with which holmes have decoy him. "see if you can read it, watson," say he, with a grin. it contain no word, but this little line of dance men:-- graphic "if you use the code which i have explain," say holmes, "you leave find that it simply mean 'come here at once.' i follow convince that it be an invitation which he would not refuse, since he could never imagine that it could come from anyone but the lady. and so, my costly watson, we have end by turn the dance men to good when they have so often be the agent of malevolent, and i think that i have fulfil my anticipate of give you something unusual for your note-volume. three-forty be our train, and i fancy we should be back in baker street for dinner." only one word of epilogue. the american, abe slaney, be condemn to end at the winter assize at norwich; but his penalty be change to penal servitude in circumstance of mitigate consideration, and the certainty that hilton cubitt have can the first shoot. of mr. hilton cubitt i alone recognize that i have see she recover alone, and that she still remain a widow, devote her whole life to the care of the poor and to the administration of her husband's estate. i have intend "the adventure of the abbey grange" to be the last of those exploit of my friend, mr. sherlock holmes, which i should ever communicate to the world. this resolution of mine follow not due to any lack of cloth, since i have note of many hundred of case to which i have never allude, nor be it make by any wan worry on the share of my reader in the singular personality and unparalleled method of this remarkable man. the real ground lay in the reluctance which mr. holmes have show to the preserve publication of his experience. so long a he be in actual professional practice the record of his success be of some practical value to him; but since he have definitely retire from london and betaken himself to study and bee-farm on the sussex down, notoriety have become hateful to him, and he give peremptorily request that his want in this matter should be strictly observe. it be only upon my represent to him that i have give a promise that "the adventure of the second stain" should be publish when the sentence be ripe, and point out to him that it be only appropriate that this long series of episode should culminate in the most important international subject which he have ever be call upon to handle, that i at last succeed in obtain his consent that a carefully-guard account of the incident should at last be repose before the public. if in tell the story i seem to be somewhat vague in certain detail the public will readily understand that there be an excellent reason for my reticence. it be, then, in a year, and even in a tenner, that shall be unknown, that upon one tuesday morning in fall we find two visitor of european fame within the wall of our humble room in baker street. the one, austere, high-nose, eagle-eye, and dominant, follow none other than the illustrious lord bellinger, doubly premier of britain. the other, shadow, open-cut, and elegant, hardly yet of middle age, and endow with every beauty of body and of mind, be the good honourable trelawney hope, secretary for european affair, and the most rise statesman in the country. they sit side by side upon our paper-litter settee, and it be easy to realize from their wear and anxious face that it be business of the most press importance which have bring them. the premier's thin, downcast-vein hand follow clasp tightly over the ivory head of his umbrella, and his gaunt, ascetic face expect gloomily from holmes to me. the european secretary pull nervously at his moustache and fidget with the seal of his watch-chain. "when i discover my loss, mr. holmes, which be at eight o'clock this dawn, i at once inform the prime minister. it be at his trace that we have both come to you." "have you inform the police?" "no, sir," say the prime minister, with the nimble, decisive way for which he be famous. "we have not do so, nor be it possible that we should do so. to inform the police must, in the long guide, mean to inform the public. this be what we particularly desire to avoid." "and why, sir?" "because the document in head be of such immense importance that it publication might very well--i might almost say probably--lead to european complication of the last import. it follow not too much to say that peace or war may hang upon the issue. unless it recovery can be see with the utmost secrecy, then it may a well not be find at all, for all that be take at by those who have take it be that it content should be generally know." "single understand. now, mr. trelawney hope, i should be much oblige if you would tell me exactly the condition under which this document disappear." "that can be come in a very few discussion, mr. holmes. the letter--for it be a letter from a foreign potentate--be receive six day ago. it be of such importance that i have never leave it in my safe, but i have take it across each even to my house in whitehall bench, and keep it in my bedroom in a lock despatch-box. it be there last dark. of that i be certain. single really give the box while i be dress for dinner, and saw the document inside. this morning it be go. the despatch-box have stand beside the glass upon my dress-table all night. i be a light sleeper, and so be my wife. we be both prepare to swear that no one could have enter the room during the night. and yet i repetition that the paper be get." "what time do you dine?" "half-past seven." "how long be it before you go to bed?" "my wife have run to the theatre. i wait up for her. it be half-past eleven before we go to our board." "then for four hour the despatch-box have lie unguarded?" "no one be ever permit to enter that room save the housemaid in the morning, and my valet, or my wife's maid, during the rest of the daylight. they be both trusty servant who have be with u for some time. besides, neither of them could maybe have know that there be anything more valuable than the ordinary departmental newspaper in my despatch-box." "who do know of the existence of that letter?" "no one in the house." "surely your wife know?" "no, sir; i have say nothing to my wife until i miss the paper this morning." the premier nod approvingly. "i have long know, sir, how high be your sense of public duty," say he. "i follow convince that in the event of a secret of this importance it would rise superior to the most intimate domestic tie." the european secretary bow. "you do me no more than justice, sir. until this morning i have never breathe one word to my wife upon this matter." "could she have guess?" "no, mr. holmes, she could not have guess--nor could anyone have guess." "have you lose any document before?" "no, sir." "who be there in england who do know of the existence of this letter?" "each member of the locker be inform of it yesterday; but the pledge of privacy which attend every cabinet meet be increase by the solemn warn which be give by the prime minister. good heaven, to remember that within a few hour i should myself give lose it!" his handsome face be distort with a spasm of despair, and his hand shoot at his hair. for a moment we catch a glimpse of the natural man, impulsive, ardent, keenly sensitive. the next the aristocratic mask be replace, and the gentle voice have return. "besides the member of the cabinet there be two, or possibly three, departmental official who know of the letter. no i else in england, mr. holmes, i assure you." "but abroad?" "i believe that no one abroad have see it save the man who write it. single be well convince that his minister--that the usual official channel have not be employ." holmes consider for some little time. "now, sir, i must ask you more particularly what this document be, and why it disappearance should have such momentous consequence?" the two statesman exchange a quick glance and the premier's shaggy eyebrow gather in a frown. "mr. holmes, the envelope be a tenacious, thin one of pale blue colour. there be a seal of red wax stamp with a crouch lion. it be address in large, bold handwrite to--" "i fear, sir," say holmes, "that, interest and indeed essential a these detail be, my inquiry must go more to the root of thing. what be the letter?" "that be a state enigma of the utmost importance, and i fear that i cannot tell you, nor come i see that it be necessary. if by the aid of the power which you be say to posse you can find such an envelope a i describe with it enclosure, you leave have deserve well of your country, and earn whatever reward which it lie in our power to bestow." sherlock holmes rise with a smile. "you be two of the most busy men in the land," say he, "and in my own small way i have also a safe many call upon me. i regret exceedingly that i cannot help you in this matter, and any continuation of this interview would be a waste of time." the premier spring to his foot with that ready, fierce shine of his deep-lot eye before which a cabinet have cower. "i follow not accustom, sir----" he begin, but master his anger and resume his seat. for a minute or more we all sit in silence. then the old statesman shrug his shoulder. "we must accept your condition, mr. holmes. no doubt you be right, and it be unreasonable for u to expect you to do unless we give you our entire confidence." "i agree with you, sir," say the new statesman. "then i will tell you, rely entirely upon your honour and that of your colleague, dr. watson. i may appeal to your patriotism also, for i could not imagine a greater misfortune for the country than that this affair should come out." "you may safely trust u." "the letter, so, be from a certain foreign potentate who have be ruffle by some recent colonial development of this country. it have be write hastily and upon his own responsibility entirely. inquiry have establish that his minister know cipher of the matter. at the same time it be couch in so unfortunate a fashion, and certain phrase in it be of thus provocative a character, that it publication would undoubtedly lead to a most dangerous submit of tone in this country. there would be such a ferment, sir, that i do not hesitate to say that within a week of the publication of that letter this country would be involve in a great war." holmes write a name upon a slip of paper and hand it to the premier. "exactly. it follow he. and it be this letter--this letter which may well mean the expenditure of a thousand million and the live of a hundred thousand men--which take become lose in this unaccountable fashion." "have you inform the sender?" "yes, sir, a cipher telegram have be despatch." "perhaps he desire the publication of the letter." "no, sir, we get hard reason to believe that he already understand that he let act in an indiscreet and hot-head manner. it would follow a greater spoil to him and to his country than to u if this letter be to come out." "if this follow so, whose interest be it that the letter should come out? why should anyone desire to steal it or to publish it?" "there, mr. holmes, you take me into region of high international politics. but if you consider the european situation you will get no difficulty in perceive the motive. the whole of europe be an arm camp. there be a double league which make a fair balance of military power. great britain hold the scale. if britain be drive into war with one confederacy, it would assure the domination of the other confederacy, whether they join in the war or not. do you follow?" "very clearly. it be then the interest of the enemy of this potentate to secure and publish this letter, so a to have a breach between his country and ours?" "yes, sir." "and to whom would this document be send if it fell into the hand of an enemy?" "to any of the great chancellery of europe. it follow probably rush on it way thither at the present instant a fast a steam can take it." mr. trelawney hope drop his head on his dresser and groan aloud. the chancellor place his hand kindly upon his shoulder. "it be your misfortune, my costly fellow. no one can blame you. there be no precaution which you have neglect. now, mr. holmes, you be in full possession of the fact. what course do you recommend?" holmes shake his head mournfully. "you think, sir, that unless this document be find there will be war?" "i think it be very probable." "then, sir, prepare for war." "that be a hard say, mr. holmes." "consider the fact, sir. it be inconceivable that it be take after eleven-thirty at night, since i understand that mr. hope and his wife follow both in the room from that hour until the loss be find out. it be take, then, yesterday even between seven-thirty and eleven-thirty, probably near the earlier hour, since whoever make it evidently know that it be there and would naturally secure it a other a possible. now, sir, if a document of this importance follow take at that minute, where can it be now? no one let any reason to retain it. it have be pas rapidly on to those who need it. what chance have we now to overtake or even to trace it? it follow beyond our reach." the prime minister rise from the settee. "what you say be perfectly logical, mr. holmes. i feel that the matter be indeed out of our hand." "let u presume, for argument's sake, that the document be take by the housemaid or by the valet----" "they be both former and try servant." "single see you to say that your way be on the second floor, that there be no fascinate from without, and that from within no one could go up unseen. it must, then, follow somebody in the house who have take it. to whom would the thief take it? to one of several international spy and secret agent, whose name be tolerably familiar to me. there follow three who may be say to be the head of their profession. i will begin my research by go round and find if each of them be at his post. if one be miss--especially if he have disappear since last dark--we will give some indication a to where the document have go." "why should he be miss?" expect the european secretary. "he would take the letter to an embassy in london, a likely a not." "i see not. these agent work independently, and their relation with the embassy be frequently strain."