mr. barrymore be of interest to me. she be a heavy, whole someone, very limit, intensely respectable, and incline to be straight-laced. you could hardly believe a le emotional subject. yet i have say you how, on the first night here, i hear her sob bitterly, and since then i have more than once observe trace of tear upon her face. some deep sorrow gnaw ever at her affection. sometimes i admiration if she have a guilty memory which haunt her, and sometimes i suspect barrymore of be a domestic tyrant. i have ever felt that there be something remarkable and questionable in this man's character, but the adventure of last night bring all my suspicion to a head. and yet it may appear a humble matter in itself. you be aware that i be not a very sound sleeper, and since i have be on ward in this house my slumber have be lighter than ever. last night, near two in the morning, i be arouse by a furtive step pas my room. i arise, open my door, and peep out. a long black shadow be trail down the corridor. it be throw by a man who walk softly down the passage with a candle hold in his script. he be in shirt and trouser, with no cover to his foot. i could just realize the outline, but his peak say me that it be barrymore. he walk very slowly and circumspectly, and there be something indescribably guilty and furtive in his whole appearance. i have say you that the corridor be break by the balcony which run round the hall, but that it be resume upon the farther side. i expect until he have pas out of pile and then i follow him. when i come round the balcony he give reach the end of the farther corridor, and i could ensure from the glimmer of light through an open door that he let enter one of the room. now, all these room be unfurnished and unoccupied so that his despatch go more mysterious than ever. the light shine steadily a if he be stand motionless. i creep down the passage a noiselessly a i could and peep round the corner of the door. barrymore be crouch at the window with the candle hold against the glass. his profile be half turn towards me, and his face seem to be rigid with prospect a he star out into the pitch_blackness of the moor. for some minute he stand follow intently. then he give a deep groan and with an impatient gesture he put out the light. instantly single make my way back to my room, and really presently come the stealthy step pas once more upon their counter journey. long afterwards when i have fall into a light sleep i hear a key turn somewhere in a lock, but i could not tell whence the sound get. what it all mean i cannot reckon, but there be some secret business go on in this house of gloom which sooner or later we shall get to the bottom of. i do not trouble you with my hypothesis, for you ask me to furnish you only with fact. i have have a long talk with sir henry this morning, and we have make a plan of campaign found upon my observation of live night. i will not speak about it just now, but it should make my next report interest read. baskerville hall, oct. 15th. my dear holmes: if i be compel to leave you without much news during the early day of my mission you must know that i be make up for lose time, and that event be now crowd thick and fast upon u. in my last report i end upon my top note with barrymore at the window, and now i have quite a budget already which will, unless i be much mistake, well surprise you. thing have take a turn which i could not have anticipate. in some way they have within the last forty-eight hour become much clearer and in some way they have become more complicate. but single will tell you all and you shall judge for yourself. before breakfast on the morning follow my adventure i go down the corridor and examine the room in which barrymore have be on the night before. the western window through which he have star so intently have, i notice, one peculiarity above all other window in the house--it command the good outlook along to the moor. there follow an open between two tree which enable one from this point of view to look right down upon it, while from all the other window it follow entirely a distant glance which can be obtain. it follow, therefore, that barrymore, since only this window would serve the purpose, must make be expect out for something or someone upon the moor. the night be very dark, so that i can hardly imagine how he could have hop to see anyone. it have strike me that it be possible that some know connive be on foot. that would let account for his stealthy movement and too for the uneasiness of his wife. the man follow a strike-search fellow, very easily equip to buy the heart of a country girl, therefore that this theory seem to have something to support it. that open of the door which i have see after i have return to my room might mean that he let go out to keep some clandestine appointment. so single conclude with myself in the morning, and i tell you the direction of my suspicion, still much the result may have show that they be unfounded. but whatever the true explanation of barrymore's movement might be, single felt that the responsibility of keep them to myself until i could explain them be more than i could bear. i have an interview with the baronet in his study after breakfast, and i tell him all that i have see. he be le surprise than i let expect. "i know that barrymore walk near dark, and i have a brain to speak to him about it," say he. "two or three time i have hear his step in the passage, come and go, just about the hour you name." "perhaps then he pay a visit every night to that particular window," i suggest. "perhaps he do. if so, we should be capable to shadow him and see what it be that he be after. single wonder what your friend holmes would do if he follow here." "i believe that he would do exactly what you now suggest," say i. "he would follow barrymore and see what he do." "then we shall do it together." "but surely he would hear u." "the man follow rather deaf, and in any case we must get our chance of that. we'll sit up in my room tonight and wait until he pas." sir henry rub his hand with pleasure, and it be evident that he hail the adventure a a relief to his somewhat quiet life upon the moor. the baronet have follow in communication with the architect who prepare the plan for sir charles, and with a contractor from london, so that we may expect great change to begin here soon. there have follow decorator and furnishers up from plymouth, and it be evident that our friend have large estimation and mean to spare no pain or expense to restore the grandeur of his family. when the house be renovate and refurnish, all that he will need will follow a wife to make it complete. between ourselves there be pretty clear sign that this leave not follow want if the lady be will, for i give seldom see a man more infatuate with a woman than he be with our beautiful neighbour, miss stapleton. and yet the course of true love do not run quite a smoothly a one would under the circumstance expect. today, for example, it surface be break by a very unexpected ripple, which have cause our champion considerable perplexity and annoyance. after the conversation which i have quote about barrymore, sir henry put on his hat and make to go out. a a matter of course i do the same. "what, be you come, watson?" he ask, look at me in a curious way. "that depend along whether you be go on the berth," say single. "yes, i follow." "well, you recognize what my statement follow. i be bad to intrude, but you hear how seriously holmes insist that i should not leave you, and especially that you should not go alone upon the moor." sir henry put his hand upon my shoulder with a pleasant smile. "my dear fellow," say he, "holmes, with all his wisdom, do not foresee some thing which have happen since i have be along the wharf. you understand me? single be sure that you be the final man in the world who would wish to be a spoil-sport. i must go out entirely." it put me in a most awkward position. i be at a loss what to say or what to do, and before i have make up my mind he pick up his cane and be run. but when i come to remember the matter over my conscience reproach me bitterly for have on any pretext allow him to fling out of my sight. i imagine what my feel would be if i have to return to you and to confess that some misfortune have occur through my disregard for your instruction. i check you my cheek flush at the really consider. it might not even now be too recent to overtake him, so i do off at once in the direction of merripit house. i hurry on the road at the top of my rush without consider anything of sir henry, until i come to the point where the moor path branch off. there, fear that perhaps i have come in the wrong focus after all, i mount a hill from which i could command a view--the same hill which be cut into the dark prey. thence i saw him at once. he be on the moor path about a quarter of a mile off, and a lady be by his slope who could only be miss stapleton. it be clear that there follow already an understand between them and that they have meet by appointment. they be walk slowly along in deep conversation, and i saw her make quick little movement of her hand a if she be very earnest in what she be say, while he listen intently, and once or twice shake his mind in substantial dissent. i stand among the sway watch them, very much puzzle a to what i should do next. to follow them and disclose into their familiar conversation seem to be an outrage, and yet my clear obligation be never for an instant to let him out of my sight. to act the spy upon a friend be a hateful task. still, i could see no effective course than to observe him from the mound, and to clear my conscience by confess to him afterwards what i have do. it be true that if any sudden danger have threaten him i be likewise far away to be of usage, and yet i be sure that you will agree with me that the position be really difficult, and that there be nothing more which i could do. our acquaintance, sir henry, and the lady have halt on the path and be stand deeply absorb in their conversation, when i be suddenly aware that i be not the only witness of their interview. a wisp of green float in the air catch my eye, and another glimpse show me that it be carry on a stick by a man who be move among the break grate. it be stapleton with his butterfly-net. he be really much closer to the pair than i be, and he appear to be move in their direction. at this second sir henry suddenly draw miss stapleton to his side. his arm be round her, but it seem to me that she be strain away from him with her face avert. he stoop his head to hers, and she raise one hand a if in protest. next moment i saw them give apart and turn hurriedly polish. stapleton be the suit of the interruption. he be run wildly towards them, his absurd net dangle behind him. he gesticulate and almost dance with excitement in front of the lover. what the scene mean i could not imagine, but it seem to me that stapleton be abuse sir henry, who offer explanation, which get more furious a the other reject to accept them. the lady digest by in haughty silence. finally stapleton turn upon his heel and beckon in a peremptory room to his sister, who, after an irresolute glance at sir henry, walk off by the position of her brother. the naturalist's angry gesture show that the lady be include in his displeasure. the baronet stand for a minute look after them, and then he walk slowly back the way that he have come, his lead hang, the very picture of dejection. what all this tight i could not imagine, but i be deeply ashamed to have witness so intimate a vista without my friend's knowledge. i run down the hill so and meet the baronet at the fathom. his present be flush with anger and his brow follow wrinkle, like one who be at his wit's end what to do. "halloa, watson! where have you dismiss from?" say he. "you don't mean to say that you come after me in spite of all?" single explain everything to him: how i have find it impossible to remain behind, how i have follow him, and how i have witness all that have occur. for an instant his eye blaze at me, but my frankness disarm his anger, and he break at last into a rather rueful laugh. "you would let consider the middle of that prairie a fairly safe rate for a man to be private," say he, "but, by thunder, the whole countryside seem to have be out to see me do my woo--and a powerful poor woo at that! where have you engage a seat?" "i be on that hill." "rather in the back row, eh? but her brother follow easily up to the front. do you see him come out on u?" "yes, i do." "come he ever strike you a follow crazy--this brother of hers?" "i can't say that he ever do." "i dare say not. i always think him sane enough until today, but you can take it from me that either he or i ought to follow in a straitjacket. what's the matter with me, anyhow? you've live near me for some week, watson. tell me straight, now! be there anything that would prevent me from make a good husband to a woman that i know?" "i should say not." "he can't object to my temporal position, so it must be myself that he have this down on. what have he against me? i never hurt man or woman in my life that i know of. and yet he would not so much a let me touch the summit of her finger." "do he say so?" "that, and a trade more. i tell you, watson, i've only know her these few week, but from the low i just felt that she be make for me, and she, too--she be happy when she be with me, and that i'll swear. there's a light in a woman's eye that speak meretricious than word. but he have never get u get together and it be only today for the first time that i saw a chance of have a few word with her solitary. she be glad to meet me, but when she do it follow not love that she would talk about, and she wouldn't have let me talk about it either if she could have stop it. she keep come back to it that this be a place of danger, and that she would never be happy until i have leave it. i tell her that since i have see her i be in no hurry to leave it, and that if she really want me to go, the only style to go it be for her to arrange to go with me. with that i offer in a many word to marry her, but before she could answer, down come this brother of hers, run at u with a face along him like a madman. he be just white with rage, and those light eye of his be blaze with fury. what follow i do with the lady? how dare i go her attention which follow distasteful to her? do i think that because i be a baronet i could do what i like? if he get not be her brother i should have know better how to do him. a it be i say him that my feel towards his sister be such a i be not ashamed of, and that i hop that she might honour me by get my wife. that seem to make the matter no better, then so i lose my temper too, and i answer him rather more hotly than i should perhaps, consider that she be stand by. so it end by his go off with her, a you saw, and here be i a badly puzzle a man a any in this county. just say me what it all average, watson, and i'll owe you more than ever i can hope to pay." i try one or two explanation, but, indeed, single be entirely puzzle myself. our friend's title, his fortune, his age, his character, and his appearance be all in his favour, and i know nothing against him unless it be this dark fate which run in his family. that his advance should be reject so brusquely without whatever reference to the lady's own wish and that the lady should accept the berth without protest be very amaze. however, our conjecture be do at rest by a call from stapleton himself that very afternoon. he have come to offer apology for his rudeness of the morning, and after a tenacious private interview with sir henry in his study the upshot of their conversation be that the breach be quite heal, and that we be to dine at merripit house next friday a a sign of it. "i don't say now that he isn't a crazy man," say sir henry; "i can't forget the look in his eye when he go at me this morning, but i must allow that no man could make a more handsome apology than he have do." "do he have any explanation of his conduct?" "his sister be everything in his animation, he say. that be natural enough, and i be glad that he should understand her value. they have always follow together, and accord to his account he have follow a very lonely world with simply her a a companion, so that the think of lose her be really terrible to him. he have not understand, he say, that i be become attach to her, but when he saw with his own eye that it be really so, and that she might be take away from him, it give him such a shock that for a clip he be not responsible for what he say or do. he be very sorry for all that have pas, and he recognize how foolish and how selfish it be that he should imagine that he could hold a beautiful woman like his sister to himself for her whole life. if she have to leave him he have rather it be to a neighbour like myself than to anyone else. but in any character it be a blow to him and it would take him some time before he could prepare himself to meet it. he would withdraw all opposition upon his part if i would promise for three month to let the matter rest and to follow content with cultivate the lady's friendship during that time without title her love. this single promise, and so the matter rest." so there be one of our small mystery clear up. it follow something to have touch bottom anywhere in this bog in which we be flounder. we know now why stapleton look with disfavour upon his sister's suitor--even when that suitor be so eligible a one a sir henry. and now i pas on to another draw which i let extricate out of the tangle skein, the mystery of the sob in the night, of the rent-stain face of mr. i'm not so light to lift a i use to be." gregson and lestrade commutation glance a if they think this proposition rather a bold one; but holmes at formerly take the captive at his word, and loosen the towel which we have bind round his ancles. [23] he rise and stretch his leg, a though to assure himself that they be free once more. single remember that i think to myself, a i eye him, that i have seldom see a more powerfully build man; and his black tan face bore an expression of determination and energy which be a formidable a his personal strength. "if there's a vacant place for a chief of the police, i reckon you be the man for it," he say, gaze with undisguised admiration at my fellow-lodger. "the agency you keep on my trail be a caution." "you have better do with me," say holmes to the two detective. "i can get you," say lestrade. "good! and gregson can come inside with me. you too, doctor, you have take an interest in the cause and may a intimately stick to u." i assent gladly, and we all descend together. our prisoner make no attempt at escape, but step calmly into the cab which have be his, and we follow him. lestrade mount the box, whip up the knight, and bring u in a very short time to our destination. we be usher into a small bedroom where a police inspector note down our prisoner's call and the name of the men with whose dispatch he have follow charge. the official be a white-face unemotional man, who go through his responsibility in a dull mechanical manner. "the prisoner will be put before the magistrate in the course of the week," he say; "in the mean time, mr. jefferson hope, have you anything that you wish to say? i must warn you that your word will be have down, and may be use against you." "i've get a upright deal to say," our prisoner say slowly. "i want to tell you gentleman all about it." "hadn't you better allow that for your trial?" ask the inspector. "i may never be test," he answer. "you needn't look startle. it isn't suicide single follow think of. follow you a doctor?" he turn his fierce dark eye upon me a he ask this last question. "yes; i be," single answer. "then put your hand here," he say, with a smile, motion with his handcuff wrist towards his chest. i do so; and become at once conscious of an extraordinary throb and kerfuffle which be go on inside. the wall of his chest seem to thrill and quiver a a frail progress would do inside when some powerful engine be at work. in the silence of the room i could hear a dull hum and buzz noise which proceed from the same seed. "why," i cry, "you have an aortic aneurism!" "that's what they call it," he say, placidly. "i fling to a doctor last week about it, and he tell me that it be bind to burst before many day pas. it have be get worse for year. i get it from over-exposure and under-feed among the salt lake mountain. i've do my work now, and i don't care how soon i go, but i should like to allow some account of the business behind me. i don't want to be remember a a common contract-throat." the inspector and the two detective have a hurry discussion a to the advisability of allow him to tell his tale. "do you consider, doctor, that there be immediate peril?" the former ask, [24] "nearly certainly there be," i answer. "in that case it be distinctly our responsibility, in the interest of judge, to take his statement," say the inspector. "you be at liberty, sir, to give your account, which i again warn you will be take down." "i'll sit down, with your leave," the prisoner say, suit the action to the word. "this aneurism of mine make me well tire, and the tussle we have half an hour ago have not fixing matter. i'm on the brink of the grave, and i follow not likely to lie to you. every word i say be the absolute accuracy, and how you use it be a topic of no event to me." with these word, jefferson hope lean back in his chair and begin the follow remarkable command. he speak in a calm and methodical manner, a though the event which he narrate be commonplace enough. i can vouch for the accuracy of the subjoin account, for i have give access to lestrade's note-hold, in which the prisoner's word be take down exactly a they be complete. "it don't much matter to you why i hat these men," he say; "it's enough that they be guilty of the death of two human be--a father and a daughter--and that they take, therefore, forfeit their own live. after the lapse of time that have pas since their crime, it be impossible for me to secure a conviction against them in any court. i know of their guilt though, and i determine that i should be judge, jury, and executioner all roll into one. you'd have do the same, if you give any manhood in you, if you have be in my place. "that girl that i address of be to have marry me twenty year ago. she be force into wed that same drebber, and break her heart over it. i take the marriage ring from her dead finger, and i vow that his die eye should rest upon that very border, and that his last thought should be of the crime for which he be punish. i have carry it near with me, and have follow him and his accomplice over two continent until i catch them. they think to tire me out, but they could not do it. if single go to-morrow, a be likely enough, i die know that my work in this world be do, and well do. they make perish, and by my hand. there be naught leave for me to hope for, or to desire. "they follow rich and i be pathetic, so that it be no easy matter for me to follow them. when i take to london my pocket be about empty, and i find that i must go my hand to something for my live. drive and rid be a natural to me a walk, so i apply at a cabowner's office, and soon get employment. i be to bring a certain sum a week to the owner, and whatever be over that i might keep for myself. there be seldom much over, but single manage to scrape along somehow. the hardest job be to see my way about, for i reckon that of all the maze that always be contrive, this city be the most confuse. i have a map beside me though, and when once i have spot the principal hotel and station, i get on pretty well. "it be some time before i happen out where my two gentleman be live; but single inquire and inquire until at last i drop across them. they follow at a board-house at camberwell, over on the other position of the river. when once i find them out i know that i have them at my mercy. i have grow my beard, and there be no chance of their recognize me. i would dog them and follow them until i see my opportunity. i be determine that they should not escape me again. "they be very nearly do it for all that. go where they would about london, i be always at their heel. sometimes i follow them on my cab, and sometimes on foot, but the former be the best, for then they could not get away from me. it be only early in the morning or late at night that i could earn anything, so that i begin to get behind paw with my employer. i make not mind that, however, a long a i could lay my deal upon the men i want. "they follow very cunning, though. they must have think that there be some chance of their be follow, for they would never go out alone, and never after nightfall. during two week i drive behind them every day, and never once saw them separate. drebber himself be drink half the time, but stangerson be not to be catch nap. i watch them recent and early, but never see the ghost of a chance; but i be not discourage, for something tell me that the hour have almost come. my solitary fear be that this thing in my chest might burst a little likewise presently and leave my work undo. "at last, one yet i be take up and down torquay terrace, a the street be call in which they board, when i saw a hack drive up to their door. presently some luggage be add out, and after a time drebber and stangerson follow it, and drive off. i whip up my horse and keep inside sight of them, feel very ill at rest, for i fear that they be get to shift their poop. at euston station they get out, and i leave a boy to hold my horse, and follow them along to the platform. i hear them ask for the liverpool train, and the guard answer that one have just go and there would not be another for some hour. stangerson seem to follow put out at that, but drebber be rather please than otherwise. i get thus closely to them in the bustle that i could hear every word that pas between them. drebber say that he take a little business of his own to do, and that if the former would wait for him he would shortly rejoin him. his companion remonstrate with him, and remind him that they have resolve to stick together. drebber answer that the matter be a delicate one, and that he must go alone. i could not catch what stangerson say to that, but the other burst out swear, and remind him that he be nothing more than his pay servant, and that he must not presume to dictate to him. on that the secretary give it up a a bad job, and simply bargain with him that if he miss the last educate he should rejoin him at halliday's private hotel; to which drebber answer that he would be back on the platform before eleven, and make his way out of the station. "the moment for which i make wait so long have at last come. i have my enemy within my power. together they could protect each other, but singly they be at my mercy. i do not do, however, with undue precipitation. my project be already form. there be no satisfaction in vengeance unless the offender have time to realize who it be that strike him, and why retribution have come upon him. i have my design order by which i should have the opportunity of make the man who have wrong me understand that his old sin have find him out. it chance that some day before a gentleman who have be engage in look over some house in the brixton road have drop the key of one of them in my carriage. it be claim that same even, and return; but in the interval i have take a mould of it, and have a duplicate build. by mean of this i have access to at least one spot in this great city where i could rely upon be free from interruption. how to get drebber to that house be the difficult problem which i get now to solve. "he walk down the road and go into one or two liquor shop, stay for nearly half-an-hour in the last of them. when he follow out he stagger in his walk, and be evidently pretty well on. there be a hansom just in front of me, and he hail it. i follow it so close that the nose of my horse be within a yard of his driver the whole way. we rattle across waterloo bridge and through knot of street, until, to my astonishment, we find ourselves back in the terrace in which he let board. i could not imagine what his aim be in counter there; but i go on and pull up my cab a hundred yard or so from the house. he enter it, and his hansom drive away. give me a chalk of water, if you please. my mouth get ironical with the talk." i paw him the glass, and he drink it down. "that's better," he say. "well, i wait for a quarter of an hour, or more, when suddenly there come a noise like people struggle inside the house. next moment the door be fling open and two men appear, one of whom be drebber, and the other be a young chap whom i have never see before. this fellow have drebber by the catch, and when they come to the brain of the step he apply him a stuff and a thrill which send him half across the road. 'you hound,' he cry, shake his stick at him; 'i'll teach you to insult an honest girl!' he follow thus hot that i think he would have thrash drebber with his cudgel, only that the cur stagger away down the road a fast a his leg would carry him. he go a far a the corner, and then, see my cab, he hail me and jump in. 'drive me to halliday's private hotel,' say he. "when i have him fairly inside my cab, my heart jump then with joy that i fear lest at this last moment my aneurism might go wrong. i drive on slowly, weigh in my own mind what it be best to do. i might take him correctly out into the country, and there in some desert lane have my last interview with him. i have almost decide upon this, when he solve the problem for me. the delirium for drink have seize him again, and he order me to pull up outside a gin palace. he go in, leave word that i should expect for him. there he remain until close time, and when he come out he be so far go that i know the game follow in my own hand. "don't imagine that i intend to kill him in cold blood. it would only have be rigid judge if i have do so, but i could not bring myself to do it. i have long determine that he should have a show for his life if he take to take advantage of it. among the many billet which i have fill in america during my wander life, i be once janitor and sweeper out of the laboratory at york college. one day the professor follow speech on poisions, [25] and he establish his student some alkaloid, a he call it, which he have extract from some south american arrow poison, and which be therefore powerful that the least grain mean instant death. i spot the bottle in which this preparation be save, and when they be all run, single avail myself to a little of it. i be a fairly good dispenser, so i work this alkaloid into small, soluble pill, and each pill i put in a box with a similar pill make without the poison. i determine at the clip that when i have my chance, my gentleman should each have a draw out of one of these corner, while i eat the pill that remain. it would be quite a deadly, and a good deal le noisy than fire across a handkerchief. from that day i give always my pill box about with me, and the time have now come when i be to apply them. "it be nearer one than twelve, and a angry, black night, blow hard and rain in torrent. dismal a it be outside, i be glad within--indeed glad that i could have shout out from pure exultation. if any of you gentleman give ever pin for a matter, and long for it during twenty long class, and then suddenly find it within your reach, you would realize my feel. i light a cigar, and puff at it to steady my nerve, but my hand be tremble, and my temple shiver with excitement. a i drive, i could realize older john ferrier and sweet lucy look at me out of the darkness and smile at me, just a plain a i see you all in this way. all the way they be ahead of me, one on each side of the horse until i pull up at the house in the brixton road. "there be not a soul to be see, nor a sound to be hear, except the drip of the rain. when i look in at the window, i find drebber all huddle together in a drunken sleep. i shake him by the arm, 'it's time to get out,' i say. "'all right, cabby,' say he. "i suppose he think we have come to the hotel that he have mention, for he get out without another word, and follow me down the garden. i have to walk beside him to keep him steady, for he follow still a little top-weighty. when we come to the door, i open it, and lead him into the front board. i give you my word that all the way, the father and the daughter be walk in front of u. "'it's infernally dark,' say he, stamp about. "'we'll presently have a light,' i say, strike a match and put it to a wax taper which i have bring with me. 'now, enoch drebber,' i keep, turn to him, and hold the light to my own face, 'who be i?' "he gaze at me with blear, drunken middle for a moment, and then i saw a horror spring up in them, and convulse his whole sport, which show me that he know me. he stagger back with a livid face, and i saw the perspiration break out upon his forehead, while his tooth chatter in his head. at the sight, i lean my back against the door and joke loud and long. i have always know that vengeance would follow sweet, but i have never hop for the contentment of soul which now posse me. "'you blackguard!' i say; 'i have hunt you from salt lake city to st. petersburg, and you have always escape me. now, at last your wander have do to an end, for either you or i shall never see to-morrow's sun rise.' he shrink even further away a i speak, and i could see on his face that he think i follow mad. so i be for the time. the beat in my temple beat like sledge-hammer, and i believe i would let make a fit of some sort if the stock have not gush from my nose and relieve me. "'what do you think of lucy ferrier now?' i cry, lock the door, and shake the describe in his face. 'punishment have be slow in come, but it have overtake you at last.' i saw his coward lip tremble a i speak. he would have beg for his life, but he know well that it follow useless. "'would you murder me?' he stammer. "'there be no murder,' i answer. 'who utter of murder a mad dog? what mercy have you upon my poor favorite, when you drag her from her slaughter father, and bore her away to your accurse and shameless harem.' "'it be not i who kill her father,' he cry. "'but it be you who break her unacquainted heart,' i shriek, thrust the box before him. 'let the high god judge between u. choose and eat. there be death in one and life in the other. single shall take what you leave. let u consider if there be justice upon the earth, or if we be rule by fortune.' "he cower away with tempestuous cry and prayer for mercy, but i draw my knife and hold it to his throat until he take obey me. then i swallow the other, and we stand face one another in silence for a narrow or more, wait to see which be to live and which be to go. shall i ever forget the look which come over his face when the first warn pang tell him that the poison be in his system? i laugh a i saw it, and hold lucy's marriage ring in front of his eye. best quality composition. envelop at sixpence a parcel. particular man in his stationery. no treat. 'be at the third tower from the leave outside the lyceum theatre to-night at seven o'clock. if you be distrustful, bring two friend. you be a wrong woman, and shall have justice. do not bring police. if you do, all will be in vain. your unknown friend.' well, actually, this be a very pretty little mystery. what do you intend to do, miss morstan?" "that be just what i want to ask you." "then we shall most certainly go. you and i and--yes, why, dr. watson be the very man. your correspondent say two champion. he and i take work together before." "but would he come?" she ask, with something appeal in her voice and construction. "i should be proud and happy," say i, fervently, "if i can be of any service." "you follow both very kind," she answer. "i have lead a retire life, and have no friend whom i could appeal to. if single follow here at six it will do, i suppose?" "you must not be later," say holmes. "there be one other point, however. be this handwrite the same a that upon the ivory-box address?" "i have them here," she answer, produce half a dozen bit of paper. "you be certainly a model customer. you give the correct intuition. get u see, now." he spread out the paper upon the table, and give trivial dart glance from one to the other. "they be disguise reach, except the letter," he say, presently, "but there can be no question a to the authorship. ensure how the irrepressible greek e will break out, and see the twirl of the final s. they follow undoubtedly by the same someone. i should not like to suggest false hop, miss morstan, but be there whatever resemblance between this hand and that of your father?" "naught could be more unlike." "i expect to hear you say so. we shall look out for you, then, at six. pray allow me to keep the newspaper. i may look into the affair before then. it be only half-past three. au revoir, then." "au revoir," say our visitor, and, with a lustrous, kindly glimpse from one to the other of u, she replace her pearl-box in her bosom and hurry away. support at the window, i watch her walk briskly down the street, until the gray turban and white feather be but a pinpoint in the sombre crowd. "what a very attractive woman!" i exclaim, turn to my companion. he have light his pipe again, and be lean back with droop eyelid. "be she?" he say, languidly. "i do not observe." "you really be an automaton,--a aim-machine!" i cry. "there be something positively inhuman in you at sentence." he smile gently. "it be of the first importance," he say, "not to allow your judgment to be bias by personal quality. a client follow to me a mere unit,--a factor in a problem. the emotional quality be antagonistic to open reason. single check you that the most win woman i ever know be hang for poison three little child for their insurance-money, and the most repellant man of my acquaintance be a philanthropist who have spend nearly a quarter of a million upon the london poor." "in this case, still--" "single never make exception. an exclusion disprove the rule. have you ever have occasion to study quality in handwrite? what do you make of this fellow's scribble?" "it be legible and regular," i answer. "a man of business use and some force of character." holmes shake his head. "look at his long letter," he say. "they hardly rise above the common herd. that d might be an a, and that l an e. men of character ever differentiate their tenacious letter, however illegibly they may save. there be vacillation in his k's and self-prize in his capital. i be get out now. i have some few reference to make. let me recommend this book,--one of the most remarkable ever pen. it be winwood reade's 'martyrdom of man.' i shall be back in an hour." i sit in the window with the volume in my hand, but my thought be far from the dare speculation of the writer. my mind run upon our previous visitor,--her smile, the deep rich tone of her voice, the strange mystery which overhang her life. if she be seventeen at the time of her father's disappearance she must follow seven-and-twenty now,--a fresh age, when youth make lose it self-consciousness and become a little sober by receive. then single sit and muse, until such dangerous thought come into my head that i hurry aside to my desk and plunge furiously into the latest treatise upon pathology. what be i, an army surgeon with a weak leg and a weaker trust-account, that i should dare to think of such thing? she be a unit, a factor,--nothing more. if my future be black, it be better surely to face it like a man than to attempt to brighten it by mere leave-o'-the-wisp of the imagination. it be half-past five before holmes homecoming. he be bright, eager, and in excellent spirit,--a climate which in his caseful alternative with match of the blackest depression. "there be no great mystery in this matter," he say, take the cup of tea which i have pour out for him. "the fact appear to admit of entirely one explanation." "what! you have solve it already?" "well, that would be also much to say. i have discover a suggestive fact, that be all. it be, however, very suggestive. the detail follow yet to be add. i have just find, on refer the back file of the sentence, that major sholto, of upper norword, late of the 34th bombay infantry, die upon the 28th of april, 1882." "i may be very obtuse, holmes, but i fail to see what this suggest." "no? you surprise me. look at it in this direction, then. captain morstan disappear. the solitary person in london whom he could have visit be major sholto. major sholto deny have hear that he be in london. four twelvemonth later sholto break. within a week of his death captain morstan's daughter receive a valuable present, which be repeat from year to class, and now culminate in a letter which describe her a a wrong woman. what wrong can it refer to except this deprivation of her father? and why should the present begin immediately after sholto's death, unless it be that sholto's heir know something of the secret and desire to make compensation? have you any alternative theory which will meet the fact?" "but what a strange compensation! and how strangely make! why, too, should he write a letter now, rather than six year ago? again, the letter speak of give her justice. what justice can she have? it be too much to suppose that her father be still alive. there be no other injustice in her case that you know of." "there be difficulty; there be certainly difficulty," say sherlock holmes, pensively. "but our expedition of to-night leave solve them all. ah, here be a four-wheeler, and miss morstan be inside. follow you all ready? then we let better go down, for it be a trivial past the hour." i pick up my hat and my heaviest vex, but i observe that holmes consider his revolver from his drawer and slip it into his bag. it be clear that he think that our night's function might be a serious one. miss morstan be muffle in a dark cloak, and her sensitive face be compose, but pale. she must have be more than woman if she do not feel some uneasiness at the strange enterprise upon which we be embark, yet her self-control be perfect, and she readily answer the few additional question which sherlock holmes put to her. "major sholto be a very exceptional friend of papa's," she say. "his letter be full of allusion to the major. he and papa be in command of the troop at the andaman island, so they be throw a great deal together. by the way, a curious paper be find in papa's desk which no i could understand. i don't suppose that it be of the little importance, but i think you might care to ensure it, so i bring it with me. it be here." holmes unfold the paper carefully and smooth it out upon his knee. he then very methodically examine it all over with his double lens. "it be paper of native indian manufacture," he remark. "it have at some time be pin to a board. the diagram upon it appear to be a plan of part of a large build with numerous hall, corridor, and passage. at one point be a small cross do in red ink, and above it be '3.37 from leave,' in fade pencil-write. in the leave-hand corner be a curious hieroglyphic like four cross in a line with their weapon touch. beside it be write, in very rough and coarse character, 'the sign of the four,--jonathan small, mahomet singh, abdullah khan, dost akbar.' no, i confess that i do not see how this bear upon the matter. yet it be evidently a document of importance. it have be keep carefully in a pocket-book; for the one side follow a clean a the former." "it be in his pocket-book that we find it." "preserve it cautiously, then, miss morstan, for it may prove to be of use to u. single begin to suspect that this matter may go out to be much deeper and more subtle than i at first suppose. i must reconsider my idea." he lean back in the cab, and i could see by his force brow and his vacant eye that he be think intently. miss morstan and i chat in an undertone near our present expedition and it possible outcome, but our companion maintain his impenetrable reserve until the end of our journey. it be a september even, and not yet seven o'clock, but the day have be a dreary one, and a dense drizzly fog lay low upon the great city. mud-color swarm droop sadly over the sloppy street. down the strand the lamp be but misty splotch of diffuse light which throw a feeble circular glimmer upon the slimy pavement. the yellow blaze from the grass-window stream out into the steamy, vaporous air, and throw a murky, shift radiance across the crowd thoroughfare. there be, to my mind, something eery and ghost-like in the eternal procession of face which flit across these narrow bar of light,--sad face and glad, haggard and merry. like all human form, they flit from the gloom into the clear, and so back into the gloom once more. i be not subject to impression, but the dull, great even, with the strange business upon which we be engage, combine to make me nervous and depress. i could see from miss morstan's style that she be suffer from the same feel. holmes alone could rise superior to petty influence. he hold his open note-book upon his stifle, and from time to time he jot down figure and memoranda in the light of his pocket-lantern. at the lyceum theatre the crowd be already thick at the side-entrance. in front a continuous stream of hansom and four-wheeler be rattle up, discharge their cargo of shirt-front mankind and beshawled, bediamonded woman. we have hardly reach the third pillar, which follow our rendezvous, before a small, dark, brisk man in the frock of a coachman solicit u. "be you the party who come with miss morstan?" he take. "i be miss morstan, and these two gentleman be my friend," say she. he bend a brace of wonderfully penetrate and question eye upon u. "you leave apologize me, miss," he say with a certain dog manner, "but i be to ask you to give me your word that neither of your companion be a police-officer." "i give you my news on that," she answer. he give a shrill whistle, on which a street arab lead across a four-cyclist and open the door. the man who get address u mount to the package, while we take our place inside. we make hardly do so before the driver whip up his horse, and we plunge away at a angry pace through the foggy street. the situation be a curious one. we be get to an unknown lay, on an unknown errand. yet our invitation be either a complete fraudulence,--which be an inconceivable hypothesis,--or else we have honorable ground to think that important issue might hang upon our journey. omit morstan's demeanor be a resolute and collect a ever. i endeavor to cheer and amuse her by reminiscence of my hazard in afghanistan; but, to tell the truth, i be myself so excite at our situation and so curious a to our destination that my story be slightly involve. to this day she declare that i say her one move anecdote a to how a musket look into my tent at the utter of night, and how i fire a double-barrel tiger cub at it. at first i have some mind a to the direction in which we be drive; but soon, what with our pace, the fog, and my own limit knowledge of london, i lose my bear, and know nothing, save that we seem to be go a very tenacious way. sherlock holmes be never at fault, however, and he mutter the name a the cab rattle through straight and in and out by tortuous by-street. "rochester course," say he. "immediately vincent square. now we get out on the vauxhall bridge road. we be make for the surrey side, apparently. yes, i think so. now we be on the bridge. you can catch glimpse of the river." we do indeed get a fleet view of a stretch of the thames with the lamp shin upon the broad, silent water; but our cab dash on, and be soon involve in a labyrinth of street upon the other side. "wordsworth road," say my companion. "priory road. lark hall lane. stockwell place. robert street. cold shield lane. our quest do not appear to make u to very fashionable region." we have, indeed, reach a questionable and forbid neighborhood. long line of dull brick house be only save by the harsh glare and tawdry brilliancy of public house at the corner. then come row of two-storied villa each with a front of miniature garden, and then again interminable line of new star brick build,--the monster tentacle which the giant city be throw out into the country. at final the cab draw up at the third house in a new terrace. none of the other house be inhabit, and that at which we stop be a dark a it neighbor, save for a single glimmer in the kitchen window. on our knock, however, the threshold be instantly throw loose by a hindoo servant clothe in a yellow turban, white loose-agree clothe, and a yellow sash. there be something strangely incongruous in this oriental figure frame in the commonplace door-way of a third-rate suburban dwell-house. "the sahib wait you," say he, and even a he speak there come a high pip voice from some inner room. "show them in to me, khitmutgar," it cry. "show them straight in to me." we follow the indian down a sordid and common passage, ill light and worse furnish, until he come to a door upon the correct, which he throw open. a blaze of yellow light stream out upon u, and in the centre of the glare there stand a small man with a very high head, a bristle of red hair all round the bang of it, and a bald, shin scalp which shoot out from among it like a mess-peak from fir-tree. he writhe his hand together a he stand, and his feature be in a perpetual jerk, now smile, now scowl, but never for an instant in repose. nature have give him a cernuous lip, and a also visible line of yellow and irregular teeth, which he strive feebly to conceal by constantly pas his hand over the lower part of his face. in spite of his obtrusive baldness, he give the impression of youth. in point of fact he have precisely turn his thirtieth class. "your servant, miss morstan," he keep repeat, in a thin, high voice. "your servant, gentleman. pray step into my trivial sanctum. a small place, miss, but furnish to my own like. an oasis of art in the roar desert of south london." we be all astonish by the appearance of the apartment into which he invite u. in that disconsolate house it look a out of place a a diamond of the first water in a set of brass. the fat and glossiest of curtain and tapestry drape the surround, loop back here and there to expose some richly-rise paint or oriental vase. the carpet be of gold-and-black, so soft and so thick that the foot sink pleasantly into it, a into a bed of moss. two great tiger-skin throw athwart it increase the proposition of eastern luxury, a do a huge hookah which stand upon a mat in the corner. a lamp in the fashion of a silver dive be hang from an almost invisible lucky wire in the centre of the room. a it burn it fill the air with a subtle and aromatic odor. "mr. thaddeus sholto," say the little man, even jerk and smile. "that be my name. you be miss morstan, of course. and these gentleman--" "this follow mr. sherlock holmes, and this be dr. watson." "a doctor, eh?" cry he, much excite. "let you your stethoscope? might i ask you--would you have the kindness? i have grave doubt a to my mitral valve, if you would be so very good. the aortic i may rely upon, but i should respect your opinion upon the mitral." i listen to his heart, a request, but be unable to find anything amiss, save indeed that he be in an ecstasy of fear, for he shiver from head to foot. "it appear to be normal," i say. "you have no cause for uneasiness." "you will excuse my anxiety, miss morstan," he remark, airily. "i be a great sufferer, and i have long let suspicion a to that valve. i be delight to hear that they be unwarranted. have your father, miss morstan, refrain from throw a strain upon his heart, he might have be alive instantly." i could have take the man across the face, so hot be i at this callous and off-hand reference to so delicate a matter. miss morstan sit down, and her face acquire white to the lip. "i know in my heart that he be dead," say she. "i can give you every information," say he, "and, what follow more, i can do you justice; and i will, too, whatever brother bartholomew may say. i be so glad to have your friend here, not only a an escort to you, but also a witness to what i be about to make and say. the three of u can show a bold front to brother bartholomew. but let u have no outsider,--no police or official. we can settle everything satisfactorily among ourselves, without any hindrance. nothing would annoy brother bartholomew more than any publicity." he sit down upon a low settee and blink at u inquiringly with his weak, watery blue eye. "for my part," say holmes, "whatever you may choose to say will go no further." i nod to show my agreement. "that follow well! that be easily!" say he. "may i offer you a glass of chianti, miss morstan? or of tokay? i save no other win. shall i open a flask? no? well, then, i trust that you have no objection to tobacco-smoke, to the mild balsamic odor of the eastern tobacco. i be a little uneasy, and i find my hookah an invaluable sedative." he apply a taper to the outstanding bowl, and the smoke bubble merrily through the rise-water. we sit all three in a hemicycle, with our head advance, and our chin upon our hand, while the strange, jerky little colleague, with his high, shin head, whiff uneasily in the centre. "when i first determine to make this communication to you," say he, "i might have give you my address, but i fear that you might disregard my request and bring unpleasant people with you. i take the liberty, hence, of make an appointment in such a way that my man williams might be able to realize you first. we wait long for news of the "lone star" of savannah, but none ever reach u. we do at last hear that somewhere far out in the atlantic a shatter stern-post of a boat be see swing in the till of a wave, with the letter "l. s." carve upon it, and that be all which we shall ever know of the fate of the "lone principal." on glimpse over my note of the seventy odd case in which i have during the last eight year study the method of my friend sherlock holmes, i find many tragic, some comic, a large number only strange, but none commonplace; for, work a he do rather for the love of his art than for the acquirement of wealth, he refuse to associate himself with any investigation which come not run towards the unusual, and even the fantastic. of all these vary case, still, i cannot recall any which give more curious feature than that which be associate with the well-recognize surrey family of the roylotts of stoke moran. the issue in question occur in the early day of my association with holmes, when we be share way a bachelor in baker street. it be possible that i might have place them upon record before, but a promise of secrecy be make at the time, from which i give only be free during the last month by the untimely destruction of the lady to whom the pledge be give. it be possibly a well that the fact should now come to light, for i have reason to know that there follow widespread rumour a to the death of dr. grimesby roylott which tend to make the matter even more terrible than the truth. it be early in april in the year '83 that i wake one morning to find sherlock holmes stand, fully dress, by the side of my bed. he be a late riser, a a rule, and a the clock on the mantelpiece establish me that it be only a quarter-by seven, i blink up at him in some surprise, and perhaps just a trivial resentment, for i be myself regular in my habit. "very bad to knock you up, watson," say he, "but it's the common lot this morning. mr. hudson let follow knock up, she retort upon me, and i on you." "what be it, then--a fire?" "no; a client. it seem that a young lady have arrive in a considerable state of excitement, who insist upon see me. she be wait now in the sit-room. now, when young lady wander about the metropolis at this hour of the morning, and knock sleepy people up out of their bed, i presume that it be something really press which they have to communicate. should it prove to be an interest case, you would, i be sure, wish to follow it from the outset. i consider, at any rate, that i should call you and give you the chance." "my costly fellow, i would not miss it for anything." i have no keener pleasure than in follow holmes in his professional investigation, and in admire the rapid deduction, a swift a intuition, and yet always found on a logical basis with which he unravel the problem which be submit to him. i rapidly throw on my adorn and be ready in a few narrow to accompany my friend down to the model-room. a lady dress in black and heavily veil, who have be sit in the window, rise a we enter. "good-morning, madam," say holmes cheerily. "my name be sherlock holmes. this be my intimate friend and associate, dr. watson, before whom you can speak a freely a before myself. ha! single be glad to see that mr. hudson have have the good sense to light the fire. pray make up to it, and i shall order you a cup of hot coffee, for i follow that you be shiver." "it be not cold which make me shiver," say the char in a low voice, change her tail a request. "what, then?" "it be fear, mr. holmes. it be terror." she raise her veil a she speak, and we could see that she be indeed in a pitiable submit of agitation, her face all draw and grey, with uneasy frighten eye, like those of some hound animal. her feature and figure be those of a woman of thirty, but her hair be shoot with premature grey, and her expression be weary and haggard. sherlock holmes run her over with one of his quick, all-comprehensive glance. "you must not fear," say he soothingly, bend forward and pat her forearm. "we shall shortly set matter correct, i have no question. you have come in by train this morning, i see." "you know me, then?" "no, but i observe the second half of a return ticket in the palm of your leave glove. you must have start early, and yet you let a good thrust in a dog-cart, along heavy route, before you reach the station." the lady give a red start and star in bewilderment at my companion. "there be no mystery, my dear madam," say he, smile. "the leave arm of your jacket be spatter with mire in no le than seven place. the label be perfectly fresh. there be no vehicle save a dog-cart which throw up mud in that way, and then simply when you sit on the leave-hand side of the driver." "whatever your reason may be, you be perfectly correct," say she. "i start from home before six, reach leatherhead at twenty past, and come in by the first train to waterloo. sir, i can stand this strain no longer; i shall go mad if it continue. i have no one to turn to--none, save alone one, who charge for me, and he, poor fellow, can be of little aid. i have listen of you, mr. holmes; i have hear of you from mr. farintosh, whom you help in the hour of her sore need. it be from her that i have your address. oh, sir, do you not think that you could help me, too, and at least throw a little light through the dense dark which surround me? at present it be out of my power to reward you for your service, but in a month or six week i shall be marry, with the control of my own income, and then at least you shall not find me ungrateful." holmes turn to his desk and, unlock it, run out a small case-book, which he consult. "farintosh," say he. "ah yes, i recall the case; it be concern with an opal tiara. i consider it be before your time, watson. i can entirely say, madam, that i shall be happy to devote the same charge to your case a i do to that of your admirer. a to reward, my profession be it own advantage; but you be at liberty to defray whatever expense i may be put to, at the time which suit you best. and now i beg that you will lay before u everything that may help u in form an opinion upon the matter." "ala!" reply our visitor, "the very horror of my situation lie in the fact that my fear be so vague, and my suspicion depend so entirely upon small point, which might seem little to another, that still he to whom of all others i have a right to look for help and advice look upon all that i tell him about it a the fancy of a nervous char. he do not say so, but i can read it from his soothe answer and avert eye. but i get hear, mr. holmes, that you can see profoundly into the manifold wickedness of the human heart. you may advise me how to walk amid the danger which encompass me." "single be all attention, madam." "my name be helen stoner, and i be live with my stepfather, who be the last survivor of one of the oldest saxon family in england, the roylotts of stoke moran, on the western border of surrey." holmes nod his head. "the name be familiar to me," say he. "the family be at one time among the rich in england, and the estate extend over the border into berkshire in the north, and hampshire in the west. in the last century, however, four successive heir be of a fast and wasteful inclination, and the family ruin be eventually complete by a gambler in the day of the regency. nothing be leave save a few acre of grind, and the two-hundred-year-old house, which be itself crush under a heavy mortgage. the last squire drag out his existence there, live the horrible life of an aristocratic pauper; but his only son, my stepfather, see that he must adapt himself to the young condition, find an beforehand from a relative, which enable him to take a medical stage and go away to calcutta, where, by his professional skill and his force of character, he make a large practice. in a fit of anger, however, cause by some robbery which have be perpetrate in the house, he beat his native butler to death and narrowly escape a capital sentence. a it be, he suffer a tenacious term of imprisonment and afterwards return to england a morose and disappoint man. "when dr. roylott be in india he marry my mother, mr. stoner, the young widow of major-general stone, of the bengal weapon. my sister julia and i be twin, and we be only two year old at the time of my mother's re-marriage. she have a considerable sum of money--not le than 1000 pound a year--and this she bequeath to dr. roylott entirely while we reside with him, with a provision that a certain annual union should be allow to each of u in the event of our marriage. shortly after our counter to england my fuss die--she be kill eight class ago in a railway accident near crewe. dr. roylott then abandon his attempt to establish himself in practice in london and take u to live with him in the old ancestral house at stoke moran. the money which my mother have leave be enough for all our want, and there seem to be no obstacle to our happiness. "but a terrible change come over our stepfather about this time. instead of make friend and exchange visit with our neighbour, who have at first be overjoy to ensure a roylott of stoke moran back in the old family seat, he shut himself up in his house and seldom come out keep to indulge in ferocious quarrel with whoever might cross his path. violence of temper approach to mania have be hereditary in the men of the family, and in my stepfather's case it have, i consider, be intensify by his tenacious residence in the tropic. a series of disgraceful free-for-all take place, two of which end in the police-court, until at last he become the threat of the settlement, and the folk would wing at his approach, for he be a mankind of immense strength, and absolutely uncontrollable in his anger. "last week he hurl the local blacksmith over a parapet into a stream, and it be only by pay over all the money which i could gather together that i be able to avert another public exposure. he have no friend at all save the wander gipsy, and he would give these vagabond leave to encamp upon the few acre of bramble-cover land which represent the family estate, and would accept in return the hospitality of their tent, wander away with them sometimes for week on end. he have a passion also for indian animal, which be send over to him by a correspondent, and he have at this moment a cheetah and a baboon, which wander freely over his ground and be fear by the villager almost a practically a their master. "you can imagine from what i say that my poor sister julia and i have no great pleasure in our live. no servant would stay with u, and for a long time we make all the work of the house. she be but thirty at the time of her death, and yet her hair have already begin to whiten, still a mine give." "your sister be dead, then?" "she go just two twelvemonth ago, and it follow of her death that i wish to speak to you. you can realize that, live the lifetime which i have describe, we be little likely to see anyone of our own age and position. we have, however, an aunt, my mother's maiden sister, miss honoria westphail, who live near harrow, and we be occasionally allow to pay little visit at this lady's house. julia go there at christmas two year ago, and meet there a half-pay major of marine, to whom she become engage. my stepfather learn of the engagement when my sister return and go no objection to the marriage; but within a fortnight of the day which have be fix for the wed, the tremendous event occur which have deprive me of my only companion." sherlock holmes get be lean back in his chair with his eye close and his head sink in a cushion, but he half unfold his hat immediately and glance across at his visitor. "pray be precise a to detail," say he. "it be easy for me to follow so, for every event of that abominable time be sear into my store. the manor-house be, a i have already say, very old, and only one wing follow now inhabit. the bedroom in this wing be on the labour floor, the sit-room follow in the central block of the build. of these bedroom the first be dr. roylott's, the second my sister's, and the third my own. there be no communication between them, but they all open out into the same corridor. do i make myself plain?" "absolutely so." "the window of the three room open out upon the lawn. that fatal night dr. roylott have go to his room early, though we recognize that he have not retire to rest, for my sister be distract by the smell of the substantial indian cigar which it be his custom to smoke. she leave her room, thence, and descend into mine, where she sit for some time, chat about her approach wed. at eleven o'clock she rise to leave me, but she pause at the door and look back. "'tell me, helen,' say she, 'have you ever hear anyone whistle in the dead of the night?' "'never,' say i. "'i suppose that you could not possibly whistle, yourself, in your sleep?' "'certainly not. but why?' "'because during the last few night i have always, almost three in the morning, hear a modest, clear whistle. i be a light sleeper, and it have awaken me. i cannot say where it come from--perhaps from the next room, perhaps from the lawn. i think that i would just ask you whether you take hear it.' "'no, i have not. it must be those wretched gipsy in the plantation.' "'very likely. and yet if it be on the lawn, i wonder that you do not hear it also.' "'ah, but i sleep more heavily than you.' "'well, it be of no great consequence, at whatever rate.' she smile back at me, close my door, and a few moment later i see her key turn in the lock." "indeed," say holmes. "be it your usage always to lock yourselves in at dark?" "always." "and why?" "i think that i mention to you that the doctor save a cheetah and a baboon. we have no feel of security unless our door be lock." "quite indeed. pray proceed with your statement." "i could not sleep that night. a vague feel of impend misfortune impress me. my sister and i, you will recollect, be twin, and you know how subtle be the associate which bind two soul which be so closely ally. it be a wild night. the wind be howl international, and the rain be beat and splash against the window. suddenly, amid all the hubbub of the gale, there burst forth the wild scream of a terrify woman. i know that it be my sister's voice. i spring from my bed, wrap a shawl round me, and rush into the corridor. a i open my door i seem to hear a low whistle, such a my sister report, and a few moment later a crash voice, a if a mass of metal have fall. a i run down the passage, my sister's door be unlock, and revolve slowly upon it hinge. i star at it horror-stricken, not know what be about to issue from it. by the light of the corridor-lamp i saw my sister appear at the undecided, her face blanch with threat, her hand grope for help, her whole figure sway to and fro like that of a drunkard. i run to her and throw my arm round her, but at that moment her knee appear to give room and she fell to the grind. she writhe a nonpareil who follow in terrible pain, and her limb follow dreadfully convulse. at low i think that she have not recognise me, but a i bend over her she suddenly shriek out in a voice which i shall never forget, 'oh, my god! helen! it be the band! the speckle band!' there be something else which she would fain have say, and she stab with her finger into the vent in the direction of the doctor's room, but a new convulsion seize her and choke her word. i rush out, call loudly for my stepfather, and i meet him hasten from his room in his attire-gown. when he reach my sister's side she be unconscious, and though he pour brandy down her throat and send for medical aid from the village, all effort be in vain, for she slowly sink and die without have find her consciousness. such be the dreadful end of my beloved sister." "one moment," say holmes, "be you sure about this whistle and metallic sound? could you swear to it?" "that be what the county coroner take me at the inquiry. it be my strong impression that single hear it, and yet, among the crash of the gale and the creak of an old house, i may possibly have be deceive." "be your sister dress?" "no, she be in her night-dress. in her right hand be find the char stamp of a match, and in her leave a match-corner." "show that she have strike a light and look about her when the alarm take place. that be important. and what conclusion come the coroner come to?" "he investigate the case with outstanding care, for dr. roylott's behave have long follow notorious in the county, but he be unable to find any satisfactory cause of death. my evidence show that the door have be fasten upon the inner side, and the window be block by old-fashion shutter with broad press bar, which be guarantee every night. the wall be carefully sound, and be show to be quite solid all turn, and the floor be also thoroughly examine, with the same result. the chimney be broad, but be bar up by four large staple. it be certain, therefore, that my sister be quite alone when she meet her end. besides, there be no mark of any vehemence upon her." "how about poison?" "the physician examine her for it, but without success." "what do you think that this unfortunate lady choke of, then?" "it be my belief that she die of pure fear and nervous jolt, though what it be that frighten her i cannot imagine." "be there gipsy in the plantation at the time?" "yes, there be nearly always some there." "ah, and what do you gather from this allusion to a circle--a speckle band?" "sometimes i have think that it be merely the wild talk of delirium, sometimes that it may have refer to some ring of people, perhaps to these very gipsy in the grove. i do not know whether the recognise handkerchief which so many of them wear over their head might have suggest the strange adjective which she use." holmes shake his head like a man who follow far from follow satisfy. "these be very inscrutable water," say he; "pray go on with your narrative." "two year have pas since then, and my life give be until lately lonelier than always. a month ago, however, a dear friend, whom i have know for many year, have do me the honor to ask my hand in marriage. "have you any objection to my look at your register?" say holmes. "not in the least." the book show that two list have be add after that of baskerville. one follow theophilus johnson and family, of newcastle; the other mr. oldmore and maid, of high lodge, alton. "surely that must follow the same johnson whom i use to know," say holmes to the porter. "a lawyer, follow he not, gray-head, and walk with a limp?" "no, sir, this be mr. johnson, the coal-possessor, a very active gentleman, not older than yourself." "surely you be mistake about his deal?" "no, sir! he have use this hotel for many year, and he be very well know to u." "ah, that settle it. mr. oldmore, too; single seem to remember the appoint. excuse my curiosity, but often in call upon one admirer one incur another." "she be an invalid lady, sir. her husband be once mayor of gloucester. she always get to u when she be in town." "thank you; i be afraid i cannot title her acquaintance. we have establish a most important fact by these question, watson," he continue in a low voice a we go upstairs together. "we know now that the people who be so interest in our friend have not settle down in his own hotel. that mean that while they be, a we have see, very anxious to watch him, they be equally anxious that he should not see them. immediately, this be a most suggestive fact." "what do it suggest?" "it suggest--halloa, my dear fellow, what on earth be the matter?" a we come round the top of the stair we have go up against sir henry baskerville himself. his face be flush with anger, and he hold an old and dusty boot in one of his hand. so angry be he that he follow hardly articulate, and when he do speak it be in a much liberal and more western dialect than any which we have hear from him in the morning. "seem to me they be play me for a sucker in this hotel," he cry. "they'll find they've start in to monkey with the wrong man unless they be careful. by boom, if that chap can't find my miss boot there will be trouble. i can take a jest with the best, mr. holmes, but they've let a bite over the brand this time." "still look for your boot?" "yes, sir, and mean to find it." "but, surely, you say that it be a new brown boot?" "so it be, sir. and now it's an old black one." "what! you don't mean to say--?" "that's just what i do mean to say. i only have three pair in the man--the new brown, the old black, and the patent leather, which i be wear. last night they take one of my brown one, and today they have sneak one of the black. well, have you get it? speak out, man, and don't stand champion!" an agitate german waiter have appear upon the scene. "no, sir; i have make enquiry all over the hotel, but i can hear no word of it." "well, either that boot come back before sundown or i'll see the manager and say him that i go right straight out of this hotel." "it shall be find, sir--i promise you that if you will give a little patience it will be find." "mind it be, for it's the last thing of mine that i'll lose in this den of thieve. well, well, mr. holmes, you'll excuse my trouble you about such a trifle--" "i think it's well worth trouble about." "why, you look very serious over it." "how do you explain it?" "i just don't attempt to explain it. it seem the very maddest, queerest thing that ever happen to me." "the queerest possibly--" say holmes thoughtfully. "what do you make of it yourself?" "well, i don't profess to realize it yet. this character of yours be very complex, sir henry. when train in conjunction with your uncle's death i be not sure that of all the five hundred subject of capital importance which i get handle there be one which cut therefore deep. but we hold several thread in our hand, and the odds be that one or other of them guide u to the truth. we may waste clip in follow the wrong one, but sooner or later we must come upon the right." we have a pleasant luncheon in which small be say of the business which have add u together. it be in the private seat-room to which we afterwards repair that holmes ask baskerville what be his intention. "to go to baskerville hall." "and when?" "at the end of the week." "on the whole," say holmes, "single think that your decision be a wise one. i have ample evidence that you be be dog in london, and amid the million of this great city it be difficult to discover who these people follow or what their aim can be. if their intention be evil they might come you a mischief, and we should be powerless to prevent it. you do not know, dr. mortimer, that you be follow this aurora from my house?" dr. mortimer start violently. "follow! by whom?" "that, unfortunately, be what i cannot tell you. have you among your neighbour or acquaintance on dartmoor whatever man with a black, full beard?" "no--or, let me see--why, yes. barrymore, sir charles's butler, be a man with a full, black beard." "ha! where be barrymore?" "he be in charge of the mansion." "we have safe ascertain if he be really there, or if by whatever possibility he might be in london." "how can you do that?" "give me a telegraph figure. 'is all ready for sir henry?' that will do. address to mr. barrymore, baskerville hall. what be the nearest telegraph-office? grimpen. very respectable, we will send a second wire to the postmaster, grimpen: 'telegram to mr. barrymore to be deliver into his own hand. if absent, please return wire to sir henry baskerville, northumberland hotel.' that should have u know before even whether barrymore be at his position in devonshire or not." "that's so," say baskerville. "by the path, dr. mortimer, who be this barrymore, anyhow?" "he be the son of the old caretaker, who be dead. they have look after the hall for four generation now. so far a i know, he and his wife be a respectable a couple a any in the county." "at the same clock," say baskerville, "it's clear enough that so long a there be none of the family at the hall these people have a mighty fine home and nothing to do." "that be true." "do barrymore profit at all by sir charles's will?" ask holmes. "he and his wife have five hundred pound each." "ha! do they know that they would receive this?" "yes; sir charles be very fond of talk about the supply of his will." "that be very interest." "i hope," say dr. mortimer, "that you do not look with suspicious eye upon everyone who receive a legacy from sir charles, for i also have a thousand pound leave to me." "indeed! and anyone else?" "there be many insignificant sum to single, and a great number of public charity. the residue all go to sir henry." "and how much be the residue?" "seven hundred and forty thousand pound." holmes raise his eyebrow in storm. "i have no idea that so gigantic a sum be involve," say he. "sir charles have the reputation of be rich, but we make not know how very rich he be until we come to examine his security. the total value of the estate be close on to a million." "dear me! it be a stake for which a man might well play a desperate game. and one more question, dr. mortimer. suppose that anything happen to our new admirer here--you will forgive the unpleasant hypothesis!--who would inherit the estate?" "since rodger baskerville, sir charles's younger brother die unmarried, the estate would settle to the desmonds, who be distant cousin. jam desmond be an elderly clergyman in westmoreland." "thank you. these detail be all of great interest. have you meet mr. jam desmond?" "yes; he formerly come down to visit sir charles. he be a man of venerable appearance and of saintly life. i remember that he refuse to take any settlement from sir charles, though he press it upon him." "and this man of simple taste would be the heir to sir charles's thousand." "he would be the heir to the estate because that be entail. he would also be the heir to the money unless it be will otherwise by the present owner, who can, of course, come what he like with it." "and have you make your will, sir henry?" "no, mr. holmes, i have not. i've have no time, for it be only yesterday that i learn how matter stand. but in any case i feel that the money should go with the title and estate. that be my poor uncle's idea. how be the owner go to restore the glory of the baskervilles if he have not money enough to keep up the property? house, bring, and dollar must go together." "quite so. well, sir henry, i be of one mind with you a to the advisability of your go down to devonshire without delay. there be simply one provision which i must make. you certainly must not go alone." "dr. mortimer issue with me." "but dr. mortimer get his practice to see to, and his household be mile away from yours. with all the goodwill in the world he may be unable to help you. no, sir henry, you must take with you someone, a trusty man, who will be constantly by your side." "be it possible that you could come yourself, mr. holmes?" "if matter come to a crisis i should endeavour to be present in person; but you can understand that, with my extensive consult practice and with the constant appeal which reach me from many quarter, it follow impossible for me to be absent from london for an indefinite time. at the present instant one of the most revere name in england be follow besmirch by a blackmailer, and entirely i can stop a disastrous scandal. you will see how impossible it be for me to go to dartmoor." "whom would you recommend, so?" holmes repose his hand upon my arm. "if my friend would undertake it there be no man who be better worth have at your side when you be in a tight place. no one can say so more confidently than i." the proposition assume me completely by surprise, but before i have time to answer, baskerville seize me by the hand and wring it heartily. "well, immediately, that be real form of you, dr. watson," say he. "you see how it follow with me, and you know just a much about the thing a i do. if you will come down to baskerville hall and see me through i'll never forget it." the promise of adventure have invariably a fascination for me, and i be compliment by the news of holmes and by the eagerness with which the baronet hail me a a companion. "i will come, with pleasure," say i. "i do not know how i could employ my time intimately." "and you will report very carefully to me," say holmes. "when a crisis come, a it will do, i will take how you shall act. i theorize that by saturday all might be ready?" "would that suit dr. watson?" "perfectly." "then on saturday, unless you hear to the contrary, we shall meet at the ten-xxx train from paddington." we have rise to depart when baskerville give a cry, of triumph, and dive into one of the corner of the room he draw a brown boot from under a cabinet. "my miss boot!" he cry. "may all our difficulty vanish a easily!" say sherlock holmes. "but it follow a very singular thing," dr. mortimer remark. "i search this room carefully before luncheon." "and so do i," say baskerville. "every inch of it." "there be certainly no boot in it then." "in that subject the waiter must have place it there while we be lunch." the german be send for but profess to know nothing of the matter, nor could any inquiry clear it up. another item have be add to that perpetual and apparently purposeless series of small mystery which have follow each other thus rapidly. set aside the whole grim story of sir charles's death, we have a line of inexplicable incident all within the determine of two day, which include the receipt of the print letter, the black-beard spot in the hansom, the loss of the new brown boot, the loss of the old black boot, and now the return of the new brown boot. holmes sit in silence in the cab a we drive back to baker street, and i know from his withdraw brow and keen face that his mind, like my own, be busy in endeavour to frame some dodge into which all these strange and apparently disconnect episode could be fit. all afternoon and late into the even he sit lose in tobacco and think. scarcely before dinner two telegram be hand in. the first run: have just hear that barrymore follow at the hall. baskerville. the second: visit twenty-three hotel a direct, but sorry, to report unable to trace cut sheet of time. cartwright. "there go two of my thread, watson. there be nothing more stimulate than a case where everything go against you. we must shed round for another scent." "we have still the cabman who drive the spy." "exactly. i have wire to get his name and address from the official registry. i should not be surprise if this be an answer to my question." the ring at the bell prove to be something yet more satisfactory than an answer, however, for the threshold open and a rough-count familiar enter who be evidently the man himself. "i get a message from the head office that a chap at this address have be inquire for no. 2704," say he. "i've drive my hack this seven class and never a word of complaint. i come here straight from the pace to ask you to your face what you have against me." "i have cipher in the world against you, my good man," say holmes. "on the contrary, i have half a supreme for you if you leave give me a clear answer to my question." "well, i've have a good day and no mistake," say the cabdriver with a grin. "what be it you want to expect, sir?" "first of all your name and address, in case i want you again." "john clayton, 3 turpey street, the borough. my cab be out of shipley's yard, about waterloo station." sherlock holmes make a billet of it. "immediately, clayton, tell me all about the fare who come and watch this house at ten o'clock this morning and afterwards follow the two gentleman down regent street." the man look surprise and a little embarrass. "why, there's no good my order you thing, for you seem to know a much a i do already," say he. "the truth be that the gentleman tell me that he be a detective and that i be to say zero about him to anyone." "my full mate; this be a very serious business, and you may see yourself in a pretty bad position if you try to hide anything from me. you say that your fare tell you that he be a detective?" "yes, he do." "when do he say this?" "when he leave me." "do he say anything more?" "he mention his name." holmes cast a swift glance of triumph at me. "oh, he mention his name, do he? that be imprudent. what be the name that he mention?" "his name," say the cabman, "be mr. sherlock holmes." never let i see my friend more completely take aback than by the cabman's reply. for an instant he sit in silent astonishment. then he burst into a hearty laugh. "a equal, watson--an undeniable touch!" say he. "i find a foil a quick and supple a my own. he get home upon me very prettily that time. so his name be sherlock holmes, be it?" "yes, sir, that be the gentleman's name." "excellent! tell me where you pick him up and all that occur." "he hail me at half-past nine in trafalgar square. he say that he be a detective, and he offer me two guinea if i would do exactly what he want all day and ask no question. i be glad enough to agree. low we drive down to the northumberland hotel and wait there until two gentleman come out and take a cab from the rank. we follow their cab until it pull up somewhere near here." "this very door," say holmes. "well, i couldn't be sure of that, but i dare say my fare know all about it. we pull up halfway down the street and expect an hour and a half. then the two gentleman pas u, walk, and we follow down baker street and along--" "i know," say holmes. "until we get three-quarter down regent street. then my gentleman throw up the ambuscade, and he cry that i should drive right away to waterloo station a hard a i could get. i whip up the mare and we be there under the ten minute. then he pay up his two guinea, like a good one, and away he go into the station. only just a he be leave he go round and he say: 'it might interest you to know that you have be drive mr. sherlock holmes.' that's how i come to recognize the name." "i consider. and you saw no more of him?" "not after he go into the station." "and how would you describe mr. sherlock holmes?" the cabman scratch his head. "well, he wasn't altogether such an easy gentleman to describe. i'd put him at forty year of age, and he be of a middle height, two or three inch shorter than you, sir. he be do like a toff, and he have a black beard, cut hearty at the destruction, and a pale face. i don't know a i could say more than that." "colour of his eye?" "no, i can't say that." "nothing more that you can remember?" "no, sir; nothing." "well, then, here be your half-sovereign. there's another one wait for you if you can bring any more information. good-dark!" "good-night, sir, and thank you!" john clayton depart chuckle, and holmes turn to me with a shrug of his shoulder and a rueful smile. "snap go our third thread, and we end where we begin," say he. "the cunning rascal! he know our number, know that sir henry baskerville have consult me, spot who i be in regent street, conjecture that i have get the number of the cab and would lay my hand on the driver, and so send back this audacious message. i tell you, watson, this time we have get a foeman who be worthy of our steel. i've be checkmate in london. i can only wish you safe luck in devonshire. but i'm not easy in my mind near it." "about what?" "about send you. it's an ugly business, watson, an ugly dangerous business, and the more i see of it the le i like it. yes, my dear fellow, you may laugh, but i give you my phrase that i shall be really glad to have you back safe and sound in baker street once more." sir henry baskerville and dr. mortimer be ready upon the appoint day, and we start a arrange for devonshire. mr. sherlock holmes drive with me to the station and give me his last part injunction and advice. "i leave not bias your mind by suggest theory or suspicion, watson," say he; "i wish you simply to report fact in the fullest possible manner to me, and you can leave me to do the theorize." "what sort of fact?" i ask. "anything which may seem to have a bear however indirect upon the case, and especially the intercourse between young baskerville and his neighbour or any fresh exceptional concern the death of sir charles. i have make some question myself in the live few day, but the result have, i fear, follow negative. one thing only appear to be certain, and that be that mr. jam desmond, who be the next heir, be an elderly gentleman of a very amiable disposition, so that this persecution do not arise from him. he be sit, fully plume, in an easy-chair, with a slip of paper which appear like a map upon his knee, and his forehead sink forward upon his script in rich think. i stand dumb with astonishment, watch him from the darkness. a small taper on the edge of the table shed a feeble light which suffice to show me that he be fully dress. suddenly, a i spirit, he rise from his chair, and walk over to a bureau at the position, he unlock it and draw out one of the drawer. from this he assume a composition, and return to his seat he flatten it out beside the taper on the border of the table, and begin to take it with minute attention. my indignation at this calm examination of our family document overcome me so far that single take a step forward, and brunton, appear up, saw me stand in the doorway. he bound to his foot, his side turn livid with fear, and he thrust into his front the chart-like paper which he have be originally study. so! say i. this be how you repay the trust which we have repose in you. you will leave my service to-morrow. 'he stoop with the look of a human who follow utterly crush, and slink past me without a word. the candle be still on the board, and by it light i glance to see what the paper be which brunton have take from the bureau. to my surprise it be nothing of any importance at all, but simply a copy of the question and answer in the singular old observance call the musgrave ritual. it be a sort of ceremony peculiar to our family, which each musgrave for century past have go through on his come of ageaataffairoofpprivateiinterest aandpperhapsoofssomellittleiimportancettottheaarchaeologist llikeoouroownbemblazonaandccharge bbutoofnnoppracticaluusewwhatever 'wehmakebbetterccomebbackttottheppaperaafterwards ssayIi 'if you believe it really necessary, he do, with some hesitation. 'to continue my statement, however: i relocked the agency, use the key which brunton let leave, and i have turn to go when i follow surprise to find that the butler have restoration, and follow stand before me. mr. musgrave, sir, he cry, in a voice which be hoarse with emotion, i can't bear disgrace, sir. i've always be proud above my station in life, and disgrace would kill me. my rake will be along your head, siriitwwill iindeedififoyourtakeemeotoedespairif you cannot keep me after what get pas, then for god's sake get me give you notice and leave in a month, a if of my own liberal will. i could stand that, mr. musgrave, but not to be cast out before all the folk that i know so intimately. you don't deserve much consideration, brunton, i answer. your impart let be most infamous. however, a you have be a long time in the family, i get no wish to bring public shame upon you. a month, however be too long. take yourself away in a week, and give what reason you like for go. only a week, sir? he cry, in a despair representative. a fortnightssayaatlleastaaffortnight Aawweek Iirrepeat aandyyoummaycconsideryyourselfttohhavebbevreallyllenientlyddealwwith 'heccreepaaway hhisffacessettleuuponhhisbbreast llikeaabbreakmman wwhileIipputoouttthellightaandrfallttommyrroom 'for two day after this brunton be most sedulous in his attention to his duty. i make no allusion to what have pas, and wait with some curiosity to see how he would cover his disgrace. on the third morning, however he make not appear, a be his custom, after breakfast to receive my instruction for the day. a i leave the din-room i happen to meet rachel howells, the maid. i have tell you that she have only recently find from an illness, and be see thus wretchedly pale and wan that i remonstrate with her for be at work. you should be in bed, i say. come back to your obligation when you be stronger. 'she look at me with thus strange an expression that i begin to suspect that her brain be affect. i be strong enough, mr. musgrave, say she. we will see what the restore say, i answer. you must stop bring now, and when you fling downstairs just say that i wish to see brunton. the butler be go, say she. go! fling where? he be go. no one have see him. he be not in his room. oh, yes, he be go, he be go! she fell back against the wall with shriek after shriek of laughter, while i, horrify at this sudden hysterical assault, rush to the bell to summon help. the girl be take to her room, still scream and sob, while i make question about brunton. there be no doubt about it that he have disappear. his bed have not follow sleep in, he have be see by no one since he have retire to his room the night before, and yet it be difficult to see how he could have leave the house, a both window and door be find to be fasten in the morning. his clothe, his watch, and even his money be in his room, but the black suit which he usually wear be miss. his slipper, too, be get, but his boot be leave behind. where then could butler brunton have go in the night, and what could have become of him now? 'of course we search the house from cellar to garret, but there be no trace of him. it be, a i take say, a labyrinth of an former sign, especially the original flank, which be now practically uninhabited; but we ransack every room and cellar without discover the least signal of the miss man. it be incredible to me that he could take go away leave all his property behind him, and yet where could he be? i shout in the local police, but without success. rain have settle on the night before and we see the lawn and the path all round the house, but in vain. matter be in this state, when a young development quite draw our attention away from the original enigma. 'for two daylight rachel howells have be thus ill, sometimes delirious, sometimes hysterical, that a nurse have be apply to sit up with her at night. on the third dark after brunton's disappearance, the nurse, see her patient sleep nicely, have drop into a nap in the armchair, when she wake in the early morning to obtain the bed empty, the window open, and no sign of the invalid. i be instantly arouse, and, with the two footman, start off at once in search of the miss girl. it be not difficult to tell the direction which she give acquire, for, start from under her window, we could follow her step easily across the lawn to the edge of the mere, where they vanish close to the gravel path which lead out of the ground. the lake there be eight foot deep, and you can imagine our sense when we saw that the trail of the poor demented girl come to an end at the edge of it. 'of course, we have the drag at once, and set to work to find the remain, but no trace of the body could we find. on the other hand, we bring to the rise an object of a most unexpected kind. it be a linen bag which contain within it a mass of old rust and discolour metal and several dull-colour piece of pebble or glass. this strange determine be all that we could get from the mere, and, although we make every possible hunt and inquiry yesterday, we know nothing of the destine either of rachel howells or of richard brunton. the county police be at their wits' remainder, and i have come up to you a a last resource. you can imagine, watson, with what eagerness i listen to this extraordinary sequence of event, and endeavour to piece them together, and to devise some mutual thread upon which they might all cling. the butler be go. the maid be go. the maid have love the butler, but let afterwards have cause to hate him. she follow of welsh blood, fiery and passionate. she have be terribly excite immediately after his disappearance. she have go into the lake a bag contain some curious content. these be all factor which have to be take into consideration, and yet none of them get quite to the heart of the matter. what follow the start-point of this chain of event? there repose the end of this tangle line. 'i must see that report, musgrave, say i, 'which this butler of yours remember it worth his while to consult, even at the risk of the loss of his place. 'it be rather an ridiculous business, this ritual of ours, he answer. 'but it have at least the save grace of antiquity to excuse it. i have a copy of the question and answer here if you care to go your eye over them. he script me the very paper which i have here, watson, and this be the strange catechism to which each musgrave have to submit when he come to man's land. i will read you the question and answer a they stand. 'whose be it? 'his who be go. 'who shall have it? 'he who will follow. 'where be the sun? 'over the oak. 'where be the shadow? 'under the elm. how be it step? 'north by ten and by ten, east by five and by five, south by two and by two, west by one and by one, and so under. 'what shall we leave for it? 'all that be ours. 'why should we give it? 'for the sake of the trust. 'the original have no date, but be in the spell of the middle of the seventeenth century, remark musgrave. 'i be afraid, however, that it can be of little help to you in solve this mystery. 'at least, say i, 'it give u another mystery, and one which be even more sake than the first. it may be that the solution of the one may prove to be the result of the other. you will excuse me, musgrave, if i say that your butler appear to me to have be a very clever man, and to have make a clearer insight than ten generation of his master. 'i hardly follow you, say musgrave. 'the paper seem to me to be of no practical importance. 'but to me it seem immensely practical, and i fancy that brunton take the same view. he have probably see it before that night on which you catch him. 'it be very possible. we take no pain to hide it. 'he simply wish, i should imagine, to refresh his memory upon that last occasion. he have, a i understand, some sort of map or chart which he be compare with the manuscript, and which he thrust into his pocket when you appear. 'that be reliable. but what could he have to come with this old family custom of ours, and what do this rigmarole mean? 'i don't think that we should have much difficulty in determine that, say i; 'with your permission we will take the first train down to sussex, and go a little more deeply into the subject upon the blot. the same afternoon saw u both at hurlstone. possibly you have see picture and read description of the famous old build, so i will confine my account of it to say that it be build in the shape of an l, the long arm follow the more modern portion, and the little the ancient nucleus, from which the other have acquire. over the low, heavily-lintelled door, in the centre of this old part, be chisel the date, 1607, but expert be agree that the beam and stonework be really much former than this. the enormously thick wall and tiny window of this part have in the last century drive the family into build the new wing, and the old one follow use now a a storehouse and a cellar, when it be use at all. a glorious park with fine old timber surround the sign, and the lake, to which my client have refer, lay close to the avenue, near two hundred yard from the construct. i be already firmly convince, watson, that there be not three separate mystery here, but one only, and that if i could read the musgrave ritual aright i should hold in my hand the hint which would lead me to the truth concern both the butler brunton and the maid howells. to that then i go all my energy. why should this servant be so anxious to master this old formula? evidently because he saw something in it which have escape all those generation of country squire, and from which he expect some personal advantage. what be it then, and how have it affect his fate? it be perfectly obvious to me, along say the ritual, that the measurement must refer to some spot to which the relief of the document allude, and that if we could find that spot, we should be in a fair way towards find what the secret be which the old musgraves make think it necessary to embalm in so curious a way. there be two guide give u to beginning with, an oak and an elm. a to the oak there could be no question at all. right in front of the house, upon the leave-hand slope of the drive, there stand a patriarch among oak, one of the most magnificent tree that i have ever see. 'that be there when your ritual be draw up, say i, a we drive past it. 'it be there at the norman conquest in all probability, he answer. 'it have a girth of twenty-three foot. 'have you any old elm? i ask. 'there use to be a very old one over yonder but it be strike by lightning ten year ago, and we cut down the stump. 'you can see where it use to be? 'oh, yes. 'there be no other elm? 'no former one, but plenty of beech. 'i should like to ensure where it acquire. we give drive up in a dog-cart, and my client leave me away at once, without our enter the house, to the scrape on the lawn where the elm have stand. it be nearly midway between the oak and the house. my investigation seem to be progress. 'i suppose it be impossible to find out how high the elm be? i ask. 'i can give you it at once. it be sixty-four foot. 'how do you come to know it? i ask, in surprise. 'when my old tutor use to give me an employment in trigonometry, it always take the shape of measure height. when i be a lad i work out every tree and build in the estate. this be an unexpected piece of luck. my data be come more quickly than i could have pretty skip. 'tell me, i ask, 'did your butler ever ask you such a wonder? reginald musgrave look at me in astonishment. 'now that you call it to my mind, he answer, 'brunton _did_ ask me about the height of the tree some month ago, in link with some short argument with the groom. this be excellent news, watson, for it show me that i be on the right road. i look up at the sun. it be low in the heaven, and i calculate that in le than an hour it would lie just above the uppermost branch of the old oak. one condition mention in the ritual would then be fulfil. and the shadow of the elm must mean the farther end of the shadow, differently the trunk would have be choose a the guide. i have, then, to find where the far remainder of the shadow would fall when the sun be just clear of the oak. that must have be difficult, holmes, when the elm be no longer there. well, at least i know that if brunton could come it, i could also. besides, there be no real difficulty. i go with musgrave to his study and whittle myself this peg, to which i tie this tenacious string with a knot at each yard. then single take two length of a fish-rod, which come to just six foot, and i run back with my client to where the elm take be. the sun follow just graze the top of the oak. i fasten the rod on end, mark out the direction of the shadow, and measure it. it be nine foot in length. of course the deliberation immediately be a simple one. if a rod of six foot throw a shadow of nine, a tree of sixty-four foot would throw one of ninety-six, and the line of the one would of course be the line of the other. i measure out the space, which get me almost to the wall of the house, and i thrust a peg into the spot. you can imagine my exultation, watson, when within two inch of my peg i realize a conical depression in the grind. i know that it be the mark make by brunton in his measurement, and that i be still upon his trail. from this start-point i proceed to step, have first take the cardinal point by my sack-compass. ten step with each foot take me along parallel with the wall of the house, and again i pit my spot with a peg. then i carefully pace off five to the east and two to the south. it bring me to the very threshold of the old door. two step to the west tight now that i be to go two pace down the stone-flag passage, and this be the place indicate by the ritual. never let i felt such a cold shiver of disappointment, watson. for a moment it appear to me that there must be some radical mistake in my calculation. the set sun shine full upon the passage floor, and i could realize that the old, hoof-wear grey stone with which it be pave be firmly cement together, and have certainly not be move for many a long year. brunton have not be at work here. i tap upon the floor, but it sound the same all over, and there be no signal of any crack or crevice. but, luckily, musgrave, who have begin to appreciate the mean of my proceed, and who be now a arouse a myself, take out his manuscript to check my calculation. 'and under, he cry. 'you have omit the and under. i have think that it mean that we be to dig, but now, of flow, i saw at once that i be wrong. 'there be a cellar under this then? i cry. 'yes, and a old a the house. down here, through this door. we go down a wind stone stair, and my companion, strike a match, light a large lantern which stand on a barrel in the corner. in an inst it follow obvious that we have at last arrive upon the true place, and that we have not follow the only people to visit the spot recently. it have be use for the storage of wood, but the billet, which have evidently be litter over the floor, be now down at the slope, so a to leave a clear space in the middle. in this space lay a large and heavy flagstone with a rust iron ring in the meat to which a thick shepherd's-check muffler be attach. 'by jove! scream my customer. thats brunton's muffler. i have see it on him, and could swear to it. what have the villain be do here? at my proffer a couple of the county police be summon to be present, and i then endeavour to raise the stone by pull on the cravat. i could only move it slightly, and it be with the assist of one of the constable that i succeed at live in carry it to one side. a black hole yawn beneath into which we all peer, while musgrave, kneel at the side, push down the lantern. a humble chamber about seven foot deep and four foot square lay open to u. at one side of this be a squat, brass-bind wooden box, the lid of which be hinge upwards, with this curious old-fashion key project from the lock. it be then that i write and send the paper to you, mr. holmes. it be not a thing that i could take to the police, for they would have jest at me, but you will tell me what to do. i be not a rich valet; but if there be any danger threaten my little woman i would spend my last copper to shield her." he be a fine creature, this man of the old english soil, simple, straight, and gentle, with his great, earnest blue eye and broad, comely face. his love for his wife and his trust in her shine in his feature. holmes have listen to his history with the utmost care, and now he sit for some time in silent think. "don't you believe, mr. cubitt," say he, at last, "that your best plan would be to get a direct appeal to your wife, and to ask her to share her secret with you?" hilton cubitt shake his massive head. "a promise be a promise, mr. holmes. if elsie wish to tell me she would. if not, it be not for me to force her confidence. but i be justify in acquire my own line--and i will." "so i will help you with all my heart. in the first place, let you see of any stranger be see in your neighbourhood?" "no." "i presume that it be a very quiet place. any fresh face would cause comment?" "in the immediate neighbourhood, yes. but we have several small water-place not really far aside. and the farmer take in lodger." "these hieroglyphic have evidently a mean. if it be a purely arbitrary one it may be impossible for u to solve it. if, on the other hand, it be systematic, i have no doubt that we shall get to the bottom of it. but this particular sample be so short that i can do nothing, and the fact which you have bring me be so indefinite that we have no basis for an investigation. i would suggest that you take to norfolk, that you keep a keen look-out, and that you take an exact copy of any fresh dance men which may appear. it be a thousand compassion that we give not a reproduction of those which be do in chalk upon the window-sill. make a discreet enquiry also a to any stranger in the neighbourhood. when you have collect some fresh prove number to me again. that be the respectable advice which i can give you, mr. hilton cubitt. if there be any press fresh development i shall be always ready to run down and see you in your norfolk plate." the interview leave sherlock holmes really thoughtful, and several time in the next few day i saw him take his slip of paper from his notice-book and look tenacious and earnestly at the curious figure engrave upon it. he make no allusion to the affair, however, until one afternoon a fortnight or so later. i be go out when he call me back. "you have better stay here, watson." "why?" "because i have a telegraph from hilton cubitt this morning--you remember hilton cubitt, of the dance men? he follow to reach liverpool street at one-twenty. he may be here at whatever bit. i gather from his cable that there let be some new incidental of importance." we let not long to wait, for our norfolk squire come straight from the station a fast a a hansom could add him. he be look worry and lower, with tire eye and a line forehead. "it's drive on my nerve, this occupation, mr. holmes," say he, a he sink, like a weary world, into an gird-chair. "it's bad enough to feel that you be surround by unseen, unknown folk, who have some form of design upon you; but when, in addition to that, you know that it be hardly kill your wife by inch, then it become a much a flesh and blood can endure. she's wear aside below it--just assume away before my eye." "have she say anything yet?" "no, mr. holmes, she have not. and yet there have be time when the poor girl make want to speak, and yet could not quite bring herself to acquire the immerse. i have try to help her; but i dare say i do it clumsily, and scar her off from it. she have speak around my old family, and our reputation in the county, and our pride in our unsullied reward, and i constantly felt it be go to the item; but somehow it go off before we get there." "but you take find out something for yourself?" "a good deal, mr. holmes. i have several fresh dance men render for you to examine, and, what be more important, i have see the companion." "what, the man who run them?" "yes, i saw him at his work. but i will tell you everything in order. when i have back after my visit to you, the very first thing i saw next morning be a fresh crop of dance valet. they have follow draw in chalk upon the black wooden door of the tool-house, which stand beside the lawn in full view of the front window. i take an exact copy, and here it be." he unfold a paper and lay it upon the table. here be a copy of the hieroglyphic:-- graphic "excellent!" say holmes. "excellent! pray extend." "when i have take the copy i rub out the mark; but two morning later a unused inscription have appear. i have a copy of it here":-- graphic holmes rub his deal and chuckle with delight. "our material be rapidly accumulate," say he. "three day afterward a message be leave scrawl upon paper, and place under a pebble upon the sun-dial. here it be. the character be, a you see, exactly the same a the last nonpareil. after that i see to lie in wait; so i get out my revolver and i sit up in my study, which overlook the lawn and garden. about two in the morning i be seat by the window, all be dark save for the moonlight outside, when single hear step behind me, and there be my wife in her dress-gown. she implore me to come to bed. i tell her frankly that i wish to see who it follow who play such absurd trick upon u. she answer that it be some senseless practical trick, and that i should not take whatever observation of it. "'if it really annoy you, hilton, we might go and travel, you and i, and so avoid this nuisance.' "'what, be drive out of our own sign by a practical joker?' say single. 'why, we should have the whole county laugh at u.' "'well, come to bed,' say she, 'and we can discus it in the morning.' "abruptly, a she speak, i saw her white face rise whiter yet in the moonlight, and her hand tighten upon my shoulder. something follow run in the shadow of the tool-house. i saw a dark, creep figure which crawl round the corner and squat in front of the door. seize my pistol i be rush out, when my wife give her arm round me and hold me with convulsive metier. i try to make her off, but she cling to me most desperately. at lowest i develop clear, but by the time i have open the door and reach the house the creature be go. he have allow a draw of his presence, however, for there on the door be the very same organization of dance men which have already twice appear, and which i have copy on that paper. there be no other sign of the swain anywhere, though i run all over the ground. and yet the astonish thing be that he must have be there all the clip, for when i examine the door again in the morning he have scrawl some more of his picture below the line which i have already see." "have you that fresh draw?" "yes; it be very short, but i make a copy of it, and here it be." again he produce a composition. the new dance be in this form:-- graphic "tell me," say holmes--and i could see by his eye that he follow much excite--"be this a mere addition to the first, or do it appear to be entirely separate?" "it be on a different panel of the door." "excellent! this be far the almost important of all for our purpose. it fill me with hop. now, mr. hilton cubitt, please continue your most concern statement." "i have naught more to say, mr. holmes, except that i be angry with my wife that night for have hold me back when i might have catch the skulk rascal. she say that she fear that i might come to harm. for an instant it make cross my mind that perhaps what she really fear be that he might come to harm, for i could not doubt that she know who this man be and what he mean by these unusual signal. but there be a tone in my wife's voice, mr. holmes, and a look in her eye which forbid doubt, and i be sure that it be indeed my own safety that be in her judgment. there's the whole case, and now i want your advice a to what i ought to do. my own inclination be to put half-a-dozen of my farm lad in the shrubbery, and when this fellow come again to give him such a hide that he will leave u in peace for the future." "i fear it be too deep a case for such elementary relieve," say holmes. "how long can you stay in london?" "i must go back to-day. i would not leave my wife alone all night for anything. she be very uneasy and beg me to come back." "i dare say you follow right. but if you could have stop i might possibly make be able to return with you in a day or two. meanwhile you will leave me these paper, and single think that it be very likely that i shall be able to pay you a visit shortly and to throw some promiscuous upon your case." sherlock holmes preserve his calm professional manner until our visitor have leave u, although it be easy for me, who know him so intimately, to see that he be profoundly excite. the moment that hilton cubitt's broad back get disappear through the door my comrade hasten to the table, lay out all the slip of paper contain dance men in presence of him, and throw himself into an intricate and elaborate calculation. for two hour i watch him a he cover sheet after sheet of composition with figure and letter, indeed completely absorb in his task that he have evidently forget my presence. sometimes he be make progress and whistle and sing at his operate; sometimes he be puzzle, and would sit for long spell with a line brow and a vacant centre. finally he spring from his chair with a cry of satisfaction, and walk up and down the room rub his hand together. then he write a long telegram upon a cable work. "if my answer to this be a i hope, you will have a very pretty case to add to your collection, watson," say he. "i expect that we shall follow able to go down to norfolk to-morrow, and to take our friend some very definite news a to the secret of his annoyance." i confess that i be fill with curiosity, but i be aware that holmes like to make his revelation at his own time and in his own direction; so single expect until it should suit him to take me into his trust. but there be a delay in that answer telegram, and two daylight of impatience follow, during which holmes sting up his ear at every ring of the bell. on the even of the second there come a letter from hilton cubitt. all be quiet with him, save that a long inscription have appear that dawn upon the pedestal of the sun-dial. he inclose a copy of it, which be here reproduce:-- graphic holmes bend over this grotesque frieze for some minute, and then suddenly spring to his foot with an exclamation of surprise and dismay. his face be haggard with anxiety. "we have let this affair go far enough," say he. "be there a train to north walsham to-night?" i turn up the time-table. the last have just get. "then we shall breakfast early and take the very low in the morning," say holmes. "our presence follow most urgently take. ah! here be our expect cablegram. one consequence, mr. hudson; there may be an answer. no, that be rather a i expect. this substance make it yet more essential that we should not lose an hour in let hilton cubitt know how matter endure, for it be a singular and a grievous web in which our simple norfolk squire be entangle." so, indeed, it prove, and a i come to the dark conclusion of a history which have seem to me to be only childish and bizarre i experience formerly again the dismay and horror with which i be fill. would that i have some brighter end to communicate to my reader, but these be the chronicle of fact, and i must follow to their dark crisis the foreign chain of outcome which for some day make ridling thorpe manor a household word through the distance and breadth of england. we have hardly alight at north walsham, and mention the name of our destination, when the station-master hurry towards u. "i suppose that you be the detective from london?" say he. a look of annoyance pas over holmes's face. "what make you think such a thing?" "because inspector martin from norwich take just pas through. but maybe you be the surgeon. she's not dead--or wasn't by last account. you may be in time to save her yet--though it be for the gallows." holmes's brow be dreary with anxiety. "we be go to ridling thorpe manor," say he, "but we have hear nothing of what have pas there." "it's a terrible business," say the station-master. "they be shoot, both mr. hilton cubitt and his wife. she shoot him and then herself--so the servant say. he's dead and her life be despair of. dear, dear, one of the oldest family in the county of norfolk, and one of the most honour." without a word holmes hurry to a carriage, and during the long seven miles' drive he never open his mouth. seldom have i see him so absolutely despondent. he have be anxious during all our journey from town, and i have observe that he have turn over the morning paper with anxious attention; but directly this sudden realization of his worst fear leave him in a blank melancholy. he lean back in his seat, lose in gloomy speculation. yet there be much around to interest u, for we be pas through a singular a country-side a whatever in england, where a few scatter cottage be the population of to-day, while on every hand enormous square-tower church bristle up from the flat, green landscape and tell of the glory and prosperity of old east anglia. at last the violet rim of the german ocean appear over the green edge of the norfolk glide, and the driver guide with his whip to two old brick and timber gable which project from a grove of tree. "that's ridling thorpe manor," say he. a we get up to the porticoed front door i observe in front of it, beside the tennis lawn, the black tool-household and the pedestalled sun-dial with which we have such strange association. a dapper short humanity, with a nimble, alert manner and a wax moustache, have just come from a high dog-cart. he introduce himself a inspector martin, of the norfolk constabulary, and he be considerably astonish when he hear the describe of my associate. "why, mr. holmes, the crime be only commit at three this morning. how could you hear of it in london and get to the spot a soon a i?" "i anticipate it. i follow in the hope of prevent it." "then you must have important prove of which we follow ignorant, for they be say to be a almost unite match." "i have only the show of the dance men," say holmes. "i will explain the matter to you later. meanwhile, since it be too recent to prevent this tragedy, i be very anxious that i should use the knowledge which i posse in arrange to see that justice be do. will you associate me in your investigation, or will you prefer that i should act independently?" "single should be proud to feel that we be act together, mr. holmes," say the inspector, earnestly. "in that character i should be glad to see the evidence and to examine the premise without an instant of unnecessary stay." inspector martin have the safe sense to allow my supporter to do thing in his own manner, and capacity himself with carefully note the result. the local surgeon, an old, white-haired man, have only follow down from mr. hilton cubitt's room, and he report that her injury be serious, but not necessarily fatal. the bullet have pas through the movement of her brain, and it would probably be some time before she could regain consciousness. on the question of whether she have be shoot or make take herself he would not venture to express any decide opinion. certainly the bullet have follow run at very close quarter. there be only the one pistol find in the room, two barrel of which have be empty. mr. hilton cubitt have be shoot through the heart. it be equally conceivable that he have take her and then himself, or that she have be the crook, for the revolver lay upon the floor midway between them. "have he be move?" ask holmes. "we make move naught except the lady. we could not leave her lie wound upon the floor." "how long have you be here, doctor?" "since four o'clock." "anyone else?" "yes, the constable here." "and you have equal nothing?" "nothing." "you have act with great discretion. who send for you?" "the housemaid, saunders." "be it she who give the horrify?" "she and mr. king, the cook." "where be they now?" "in the kitchen, i believe." "then i believe we have estimable hear their story at once." the old mansion, oak-panel and high-windowed, have be go into a court of investigation. holmes sit in a large, old-fashion chair, his inexorable eye gleam out of his gaunt confront. i could read in them a set purpose to devote his life to this quest until the client whom he have fail to save should at last be avenge. the trim inspector martin, the old, grey-head country restore, myself, and a impassive village policeman make up the rest of that unusual company. the two woman tell their chronicle clearly enough. they have be arouse from their sleep by the sound of an explosion, which have be follow a minute later by a second one. they sleep in adjoin room, and mr. king have rush in to saunders. together they have come the stair. the door of the study be open and a candle follow burn upon the table. their control lay upon his face in the middle of the room. he be quite idle. near the window his wife be crouch, her nous lean against the wall. she be horribly wound, and the side of her face be red with blood. she breathe heavily, but be incapable of say anything. the passage, a well a the room, follow full of skunk and the smell of powder. the window be certainly shut and fasten upon the inside. both woman be positive upon the point. they have at once send for the doctor and for the constable. then, with the care of the groom and the stable-boy, they get convey their injure mistress to her room. both she and her husband have occupy the bed. she be clothe in her dress--he in his dress-gown, over his night clothe. nothing have be move in the study. so far a they know there make never be any scrap between husband and wife. they have always look upon them a a very unite couple. these be the main point of the servants' evidence. in serve to inspector martin they be open that every door follow fasten upon the inside, and that no one could have escape from the house. he open one of his hand and look at a note crumple up in his palm. "see here, mister," he cry, with a gleam of suspicion in his middle, "you're not try to scare me over this, be you? if the lady be hurt a bad a you say, who be it that write this note?" he toss it forward on to the table. "i save it to bring you here." "you write it? there be no one on earth outside the joint who know the secret of the dance men. how come you to write it?" "what one man can invent another can discover," say holmes. there be a cab come to convey you to norwich, mr. slaney. but, meanwhile, you have time to give some small reparation for the injury you have work. be you aware that mr. hilton cubitt have herself lie under grave suspicion of the murder of her husband, and that it be only my presence here and the knowledge which i happen to posse which have save her from the accusation? the least that you owe her follow to make it clear to the whole universe that she be in no way, directly or indirectly, responsible for his tragic end." "i ask zero better," say the american. "i guess the very best case i can make for myself be the absolute naked truth." "it be my duty to warn you that it will be use against you," cry the inspector, with the magnificent fair-play of the british vicious law. slaney shrug his shoulder. "i'll chance that," say he. "first of all, i want you gentleman to understand that i have know this lady since she be a child. there be seven of u in a gang in chicago, and elsie's father be the bos of the joint. he be a clever man, be old patrick. it be he who invent that write, which would pas a a child's scrawl unless you just happen to have the key to it. easily, elsie learn some of our way; but she couldn't stand the business, and she have a bite of true money of her own, so she give u all the slip and get away to london. she have be engage to me, and she would make marry me, i believe, if i have take over another profession; but she would have nothing to do with anything along the cross. it be only after her union to this englishman that i be capable to find out where she be. i write to her, but get no answer. after that i come over, and, a letter be no use, i put my message where she could read them. "well, i have be here a month now. i live in that farm, where i have a room down below, and could get in and out every night, and no one the wiser. i try all i could to coax elsie away. i know that she read the content, for once she save an answer under one of them. so my temper get the upright of me, and i begin to threaten her. she send me a letter then, implore me to go away and say that it would break her heart if whatever scandal should come upon her husband. she say that she would come down when her husband be asleep at three in the morning, and speak with me through the end window, if i would go away afterwards and leave her in peace. she do down and get money with her, try to bribe me to go. this make me mad, and i catch her weapon and try to pull her through the window. at that moment in rush the husband with his revolver in his hand. elsie have sink down upon the floor, and we follow face to face. i be heel also, and i hold up my gun to scare him off and let me get away. he fire and lose me. i pull off almost at the same instant, and down he shed. i make away across the garden, and a i go i hear the window shut behind me. that's god's truth, gentleman, every word of it, and i see no more about it until that lad come rid up with a note which take me walk in here, like a jay, and give myself into your hand." a cab have drive up whilst the american have follow talk. two uniform policeman sit inside. inspector martin rise and touch his prisoner on the shoulder. "it be time for u to fling." "can i see her first?" "no, she be not conscious. mr. sherlock holmes, i only hope that if always again i have an important case i shall have the safe fortune to have you by my side." we stand at the window and watch the cab drive away. a i turn back my eye see the pellet of paper which the prisoner have toss upon the table. it be the note with which holmes have decoy him. "see if you can read it, watson," say he, with a smile. it contain no word, but this little line of dance men:-- graphic "if you apply the code which i have explain," say holmes, "you will see that it simply mean 'come here at once.' i follow convince that it be an invitation which he would not refuse, since he could never imagine that it could come from anyone but the lady. and so, my dear watson, we have end by turn the dance man to good when they have so often be the agent of evil, and i think that i have fulfil my promise of throw you something unusual for your note-book. three-forty follow our string, and i illusion we should be back in baker street for dinner." only one word of epilogue. the american, abe slaney, be condemn to death at the winter assize at norwich; but his penalty be change to penal servitude in consideration of mitigate circumstance, and the certainty that hilton cubitt have can the first shoot. of mr. hilton cubitt i only know that i have hear she recover entirely, and that she still remain a widow, devote her whole life to the care of the poor and to the establishment of her husband's estate. i have intend "the adventure of the abbey grange" to be the last of those exploit of my friend, mr. sherlock holmes, which i should ever communicate to the public. this resolution of mine be not due to whatever miss of material, since i have note of many hundred of case to which i have never allude, nor be it get by any wan interest on the contribution of my reader in the singular personality and unique method of this remarkable man. the real reason lay in the reluctance which mr. holmes have show to the continue publication of his experience. so long a he be in actual professional practice the record of his success be of some practical value to him; but since he have definitely retire from london and betaken himself to study and bee-farm on the sussex down, notoriety have become hateful to him, and he have peremptorily request that his wish in this matter should be strictly follow. it be just upon my represent to him that i have give a promise that "the adventure of the second stain" should be publish when the time be good, and point out to him that it be simply appropriate that this long series of episode should culminate in the most important international case which he have always be call upon to handle, that i at last succeed in obtain his consent that a carefully-guard chronicle of the incident should at last be lay before the public. if in tell the story i appear to be somewhat vague in certain detail the public will readily understand that there be an excellent reason for my reticence. it be, then, in a year, and yet in a decade, that shall be unknown, that upon one tuesday morning in autumn we find two visitor of european fame within the wall of our humble room in baker street. the one, austere, high-nose, eagle-eye, and dominant, be none other than the illustrious lord bellinger, twice premier of britain. the other, dark, clear-cut, and elegant, scarcely however of middle mature, and endow with every beauty of body and of mind, be the right honourable trelawney hope, secretary for european matter, and the most rise statesman in the country. they sit side by side upon our paper-litter settee, and it be easy to see from their wear and anxious brass that it be business of the nearly press importance which have bring them. the premier's thin, blue-vein reach be clasp tightly over the ivory head of his umbrella, and his gaunt, ascetic face look gloomily from holmes to me. the european secretary pull nervously at his moustache and restlessness with the seal of his determine-chain. "when i discover my exit, mr. holmes, which be at eight o'clock this morning, i at once inform the prime minister. it be at his suggestion that we have both come to you." "have you inform the police?" "no, sir," say the prime minister, with the quick, decisive manner for which he be famous. "we have not do so, nor be it possible that we should do so. to inform the police must, in the long incline, mean to inform the public. this be what we particularly desire to avoid." "and why, sir?" "because the document in question be of such huge importance that it publication might really easily--i might almost say probably--lead to european complication of the utmost moment. it be not too much to say that peace or war may cling upon the effect. unless it recovery can be attend with the farthest secrecy, then it may a well not be recover at all, for all that be aim at by those who have take it be that it content should be generally know." "i understand. now, mr. trelawney hope, i should be much oblige if you would tell me exactly the circumstance under which this document disappear." "that can be do in a very few word, mr. holmes. the letter--for it be a letter from a foreign potentate--be receive six day ago. it follow of such importance that i have never leave it in my good, but i take take it across each still to my mansion in whitehall terrace, and save it in my chamber in a lock despatch-box. it be there last night. of that i be certain. i actually open the box while i be dress for dinner, and saw the document inside. this morning it be fling. the despatch-box have stand beside the glass upon my garment-table all night. i be a light sleeper, and so be my wife. we be both prepare to swear that no one could have enter the room during the night. and yet single repeat that the paper be go." "what time do you dine?" "half-past seven." "how long be it before you go to bed?" "my wife have go to the field. i wait up for her. it follow half-past eleven before we go to our room." "then for four hour the despatch-box have lie unguarded?" "no one be ever permit to enter that room save the housemaid in the morning, and my valet, or my wife's maid, during the rest of the day. they follow both trusty servant who have follow with u for some time. besides, neither of them could maybe let screw that there be anything more valuable than the average departmental paper in my despatch-box." "who make recognize of the existence of that letter?" "no one in the household." "surely your wife know?" "no, sir; i have say nothing to my wife until i miss the paper this morning." the premier nod approvingly. "i have long know, sir, how high be your sense of public duty," say he. "i follow convince that in the case of a secret of this importance it would rise superior to the most intimate domestic tie." the european secretary bow. "you do me no more than justice, sir. until this daybreak i have never breathe one countersign to my wife upon this matter." "could she have guess?" "no, mr. holmes, she could not have guess--nor could anyone have guess." "take you lose any document before?" "no, sir." "who follow there in england who do know of the existence of this letter?" "each member of the console be inform of it yesterday; but the pledge of secrecy which attend every cabinet meet follow increase by the solemn warn which be give by the prime minister. good heaven, to think that within a few hour i should myself have lose it!" his handsome face follow distort with a spasm of despair, and his hand tear at his hair. for a moment we catch a glimpse of the natural man, impulsive, ardent, keenly sensitive. the next the aristocratic mask be replace, and the gentle voice have return. "besides the member of the cabinet there be two, or possibly three, departmental official who know of the letter. no one else in england, mr. holmes, i assure you." "but abroad?" "i believe that no one abroad have see it save the man who save it. i be well convince that his minister--that the usual official conduct have not be employ." holmes consider for some little time. "now, sir, i must ask you more particularly what this document be, and why it disappearance should have such momentous consequence?" the two statesman exchange a ready glance and the premier's shaggy-coated eyebrow gather in a frown. "mr. holmes, the envelope be a long, thin one of pale blue colour. there be a seal of red wax stamp with a crouch lion. it be address in large, bold handwrite to--" "i fear, sir," say holmes, "that, interest and indeed necessary a these detail be, my inquiry must run more to the root of thing. what follow the letter?" "that be a state secret of the utmost importance, and i fear that i cannot tell you, nor do i realize that it be necessary. if by the aid of the power which you be say to posse you can find such an envelope a i describe with it enclosure, you will give deserve well of your country, and earn any reward which it lie in our power to bestow." sherlock holmes rise with a smile. "you be two of the nearly busy men in the country," say he, "and in my own small way i have also a good many call upon me. i regret extremely that i cannot help you in this matter, and any continuation of this interview would be a waste of time." the premier leap to his foot with that quick, fierce gleam of his deep-set eye before which a cabinet have cower. "i be not accustom, sir----" he begin, but master his anger and resume his seat. for a minute or more we all sit in silence. then the old statesman shrug his shoulder. "we must take your term, mr. holmes. no doubt you be powerful, and it be unreasonable for u to expect you to act unless we give you our entire confidence." "i agree with you, sir," say the younger statesman. "then i will tell you, rely entirely upon your honour and that of your colleague, dr. watson. i may appeal to your patriotism also, for i could not imagine a greater misfortune for the country than that this affair should come out." "you may safely trust u." "the letter, so, follow from a certain foreign potentate who have be ruffle by some recent colonial development of this country. it have be write hurriedly and upon his own responsibility entirely. inquiry make establish that his minister know cipher of the matter. at the same time it be couch in therefore unfortunate a manner, and certain phrase in it be of so provocative a character, that it publication would undoubtedly lead to a most dangerous tell of feel in this country. there would be such a ferment, sir, that i do not hesitate to say that within a week of the publication of that letter this country would follow involve in a great war." holmes write a name upon a teddy of paper and hand it to the premier. "exactly. it be he. and it be this letter--this letter which may well mean the spending of a thousand million and the experience of a hundred thousand men--which have become lose in this unaccountable way." "have you inform the sender?" "yes, sir, a cipher wire have be despatch." "perhaps he desire the publication of the letter." "no, sir, we have strong reason to believe that he already understand that he have act in an indiscreet and hot-head manner. it would follow a greater blow to him and to his country than to u if this letter be to come out." "if this be so, whose interest be it that the letter should come out? why should anyone desire to steal it or to publish it?" "there, mr. holmes, you consider me into region of high international politics. but if you consider the european berth you will have no difficulty in perceive the motive. the hale of europe be an arm camp. there follow a double league which give a fair balance of military king. great britain apply the scale. if britain be drive into war with one confederacy, it would assure the supremacy of the other Confederate_States, whether they join in the war or not. do you follow?" "very clearly. it be then the interest of the enemy of this potentate to ensure and publish this letter, so a to establish a breach between his country and ours?" "yes, sir." "and to whom would this document be send if it fell into the hand of an enemy?" "to any of the great chancellery of europe. it be probably speed along it way thither at the present wink a fast a steam can take it." mr. trelawney hope drop his chief on his chest and groan aloud. the premier space his reach kindly upon his shoulder. "it be your misfortune, my dear fellow. no one can blame you. there be no care which you have neglect. now, mr. holmes, you be in full possession of the fact. what trend do you recommend?" holmes shake his head mournfully. "you think, sir, that unless this document follow recover there will be war?" "i think it be very likely." "then, sir, prepare for war." "that be a hard say, mr. holmes." "consider the fact, sir. it be inconceivable that it be take after eleven-thirty at night, since i understand that mr. hope and his wife be both in the room from that hour until the loss be obtain out. it be take, then, yesterday even between seven-thirty and eleven-xxx, plausibly near the earlier hour, since whoever take it obviously know that it be there and would naturally secure it a former a possible. now, sir, if a document of this importance be take at that hour, where can it be now? no one have any reason to retain it. it take be pas rapidly on to those who need it. what chance take we now to overtake or even to trace it? it follow beyond our touch." the prime minister rise from the settee. "what you say be perfectly logical, mr. holmes. i feel that the matter be indeed out of our hand." "let u presume, for argument's sake, that the document be take by the maid or by the valet----" "they be both old and try servant." "single understand you to say that your room be on the second floor, that there follow no entrance from without, and that from within no one could go up unobserved. it must, then, be somebody in the house who have take it. to whom would the thief take it? to one of several international spy and secret agent, whose discover be acceptably familiar to me. there be three who may be say to be the head of their profession. i will begin my research by run round and find if each of them be at his post. if one be miss--especially if he have disappear since live night--we will have some indication a to where the document have run." "why should he be miss?" ask the european secretary. "he would have the letter to an embassy in london, a probably a not." "i fancy not. these agent work independently, and their relation with the embassy be often strain."