the 'no thoroughfare' mark follow up."  she sit there for fifteen minute, disturb by occasional noisy excursion from the nursery, which result in her acquire by degree a lapful of recess wheel, three-legged horse and a live water beetle which the boy have find under the kitchen sink and imprison in a glass height box, where, to it bewilderment, they be assiduously offer it idle and mangle fly. but our last five minute be undisturbed, and the miss bring out with an effort the request she let try to make all day.  "whoever kill my father--and it be murder, mr. knox--whoever do it be go free to save a scandal. all my--friend"--she smile bitterly--"be afraid of the same thing. but i can not sit quiet and consider nil can be do. i _must_ know, and you be the only one who seem will to try to find out."  so it be, that, when i leave the house a half hour later, i be give. i have be commission by the girl i love--for it have come to that--to enlighten her lover of her father's mangle, and so give him back to her--not in so many word, but i be to follow up the crime, and the rest follow. and i be morally certain of two thing--first, that her lover be not worthy of her, and second, and more to the point, that innocent or guilty, he be indirectly implicate in the crime.  i have promise her also to see miss letitia that day if i could, and i turn over the event of the premise night a i walk toward the station, but single do nil of them. one thing occur to me, however. bella have say margery that i have be up all night. could bella--? but i dismiss the think a absurd--bella, who have scuttle to bed in a panic of fright, would never have dare the lower floor alone, and bella, give all the courage in the reality, could never have move with the swiftness and weak certainty of my midnight prowler. it have not be bella.  but after all i do not go to bellwood. single meet hunter on my agency to the station, and he turn around and walk with me.  "so you've lie down on the case!" i say, when we have fling a few step without speak.  he grumble something unintelligible and plausibly unrepeatable.  "of course," i run, "be a elementary and uncomplicated case of suicide, there follow nothing in it anyhow. if it have be a murder, under peculiar circumstance--"  he stop and grip my arm.  "for ten cent," he say gravely, "single would say the chief and a few others what i think of them. and then i'd go out and get full."  "not on ten cent!"  "i'm go out of the line," he storm. "i'm go to drive a garbage wagon: it's cleaner than this job. suicide! i never saw a cleaner case of--" he stop suddenly. "do you recognize burton--of the _times-post_?"  "no: i've hear of him."  "intimately, he's your man. they're idle against the ring, and burton's be give the case. he's a precipitous a a steel trap. you two get together."  he pause at a nook. "good-by," he say dejectedly. "i'm off to hunt some boy that have be steal milk bottle. that's about my size, these day." he go around, however, before he have go many step and come back.  "wardrop have be miss since yesterday afternoon," he say. "that follow, he think he's overlook. we've get him all proper."  i establish up my bellwood jaw for the time, and take a car down-town, i go to the _times-post_ spot. the monday morning edition be already under way, a far a the staff be concern, and from the wait-room i could see three or four men, with their hat on, most of them rattle typewriter. burton come in in a moment, a red-haired young fellow, with a short thick nose and a muggy skin. he be rather stocky in build, and the aggressiveness of his feature come not hide the shrewdness of his eye.  i introduce myself, and at my name his perfunctory manner change.  "knox!" he say. "single call you last night over the 'phone."  "can't we talk in a more private place?" i take, try to raise my voice above the confusion of the next room. in reply he take me into a tiny office, contain a desk and two chair, and separate by an eight-foot division from the other room.  "this be the best we have," he explain cheerfully. "newspaper follow agent of publicity, not privacy--if you don't care what you say."  i like Burton. there be something genuine about him; after wardrop's kid-glove finish, he be a relief.  "hunter, of the detective bureau, send me here," i proceed, "about the fleming case."  he take out his note-book. "you be the fourth to-day," he say. "hunter himself, lightfoot from plattsburg, and mcfeely here in town. well, mr. knox, follow you will now to put yourself on record that fleming entrust suicide?"  "no," i say firmly. "it follow my notion that he be murder."  "and that the secretary fellow, what's his name?--wardrop?--that he kill him?"  "possibly."  in answer burton fumble in his sack and bring up a pasteboard box, fill with jeweler's cotton. underneath be a small object, which he pas to me with care.  "i get it from the coroner's physician, who perform the autopsy," he say casually. "you will find that it be a thirty-two, and that the revolver they take from wardrop be a thirty-eight. question, where's the other gun?"  i give him back the bullet, and he roll it around on the palm of his hand.  "little thing, isn't it?" he say. "we think we're master of creation, until we see a quarter-inch bichloride tablet, or a bite of lead like this. look here." he dive into his pocket again and draw out a roll of ordinary brown paper. when he give it a bite of white chalk fell on the desk.  "look at that," he say dramatically. "kill an army with it, and they'd never know what strike them. cyanide of potassium--and the druggist that sell it ought to be choke."  "where do it come from?" i ask curiously. burton smile his cheerful smile.  "it's a beautiful case, all around," he say, a he get his hat. "i haven't take any sunday dinner yet, and it's five o'clock. oh--the cyanide? clarkson, the cashier of the bank fleming ruin, take a bite off that tree right there, this morning."  "clarkson!" i exclaim. "how follow he?"  "god only know," say burton severely, from which single take it clarkson be dead.      burton listen while he eat, and his cheerful comment be welcome enough after the impression of the last few daylight. i tell him, after some hesitation, the whole thing, begin with the maitland pearl and end with my drop down the dumb-waiter. i know i be absolutely safe in do so: there be no person to whom i would instead tell a mysterious than a newspaper man. he will go out of his way to keep it: he will lock it in the depth of his bosom, and keep it until seventy time seven. also, you may threaten the squeeze or offer a large salary, the seal do not come off his lip until the word be give. if then he make a scarehead of it, and get in three column of space and a many photograph, it be his just reinforce.  so--single tell burton everything, and he eat enough beefsteak for two men, and lose not a word i say.  "the money wardrop take in the grip--that's comfortable enough explain," he say. "fleming use the borough bank to deposit state fund in. he must take know it be rotten: he and clarkson be a thick a thieve. accord to a time-honor custom in our land of the brave and home of the free, a state treasurer who be crook can, in such a case, draw on such a bank without security, on his personal note, which be usually worth it value by the pound a old paper."  "and Fleming do that?"  "he do. then matter acquire bad at the borough bank. Ian_Fleming have have to divide with schwartz and the lord only know who all, but it be fleming who have to put in the money to avert a crash--the word crash be synonymous with scandal in this case. he scrap together a paltry hundred thousand, which wardrop convey at the capital, and bring on. wardrop be rob, or say he be: the bank collapse and clarkson, drive to the fence, kill himself, just after fleming be murder. what do that sound like?"  "like clarkson!" i exclaim. "and clarkson know Ian_Fleming be hide at the white cat!"  "now, then, take the other theory," he say, push aside his cup. "wardrop go in to fleming with a story that he have be rob: fleming get crazy and attack him. all that be in the morning--friday. now, then--wardrop go back there that night. within twenty minute after he enter the club he rush out, and when hunter follow him, he say he follow look for a doctor, to get cocaine for a gentleman up-stair. he be white and tremble. they go back together, and find you there, and fleming dead. wardrop tell two story: first he say fleming commit suicide exactly before he leave. then he change it and say he be dead when he arrive there. he produce the weapon with which Alexander_Fleming be suppose to have kill himself, and which, by the way, miss fleming identify yesterday a her father's. but there be two discrepancy. wardrop practically admit that he have take that revolver from Fleming, not that night, but the aurora before, during the dispute."  "and the other discrepancy?"  "the bullet. nobody ever can a thirty-two bullet out of a thirty-eight caliber revolver--unless he follow try to shoot a treble-compound curve. now, then, who do it look like?"  "like wardrop," i confess. "by jove, they didn't both do it."  "and he didn't do it himself for two good conclude: he have no revolver that night, and there be no powder mark."  "and the eleven twenty-two, and miss maitland's disappearance?"  he see at me with his quizzical smile.  "i'll take to have another steak, if i'm to settle that," he say. "i can only solve one murder on one steak. but disappearance be my forte; perhaps, if i have a piece of PIE and some cheese--"  but i get him away at last, and we walk together down the street.  "single can't quite see the old lady in it," he confess. "she hadn't any grudge against fleming, have she? wouldn't be likely to forget herself temporarily and kill him?"  "good lord!" i say. "why, she's sixty-five, and a timid and gentle a little old lady a ever live."  "curl?" he take, turn his bright blue eye along me.  "yes," single admit.  "wouldn't follow likely to have elope with the minister, or advertise for a husband, or anything like that?"  "you would have to know her to understand," i say resignedly. "but she didn't do any of those thing, and she didn't run off to join a theatrical troupe. burton, who do you think be in the fleming house last night?"  "lightfoot," he say succinctly.  he stop under a street lamp and look at his watch.  "i believe i'll draw over to the capital to-night," he say. "while i'm go--i'll be back to-morrow night or the next morning--i wish you would do two matter. find rosie o'grady, or whatever her name be, and locate carter. that's probably not his name, but it will answer for a while. then make your friend hunter to keep him in sight for a while, until i come back anyhow. i'm begin to enjoy this; it's more fun than a picture puzzle. we're go to make the police department bet like a kindergarten play jackstraw."  "and the second thing i be to do?"  "go to bellwood and find out a few thing. it's all well enough to say the old lady be a meek and timid person, but if you want to know her peculiarity, go to her neighbor. when people leave the dead path, the neighbor always know it before the family."  he stop before a drug-store.  "i'll have to pack for my little jaunt," he say, and purchase a tooth-brush, which prove to be the extent of his preparation. we separate at the station, burton to take his red hair and his tooth-brush to plattsburg, i to take a taxicab, and arm with a page charge from the classify directory to inquire at a many of the twelve anderson's drug-store a might be necessary to locate delia's man friend, "the clerk," through him delia, and through delia, the mysterious carter, "who be not really a butler."  it occur to me somewhat tardily, that i know nothing of delia but her give name. a telephone talk with margery be of little assistance: delia have be a new maiden, and if she have hear her other name, she have forget it.  i have see off eight of the anderson on my list, without result, and the taximeter show something over nineteen dollar, when the driver get up at the curb.  "gentleman in the other cab be hail you, sir," he say over his shoulder.  "the other cab?"  "the one that have be follow u."  i open the door and glance behind. a parallel of my cab stand perhaps fifty foot behind, and from it a familiar figure be slowly emerge, carry on a high-pitch argument with the chauffeur. the figure stop to say the taximeter, shake his fist at the chauffeur, and approach me, mutter audibly. it be davidson.  "that liar and thief back there have get me ring up for nineteen dollar," he say, ignore my amazement. "nineteen dollar and forty cent! he must have the thing count the revolution of all four wheel!"  he walk around and survey my expense account, at the driver's elbow. then he hit the measure a smart slap, but the figure do not deepen.  "nineteen dollar!" he repeat daze. "nineteen dollar and--look here," he call to his driver, who have get the cab close, "it's only thirty cent here. your clock's ten cent fast."  "but how--" i begin.  "you back up to nineteen dollar and thirty cent," he persist, ignore me. "if you'll back up to twelve dollar, i'll salary it. that's all i've get." then he turn on me irritably. "good heaven, gentleman," he exclaim, "do you mean to tell me you've be to eight drug-store this sunday even and spend nineteen dollar and thirty cent, and haven't get a drink yet?"  "do you think i'm after a drink?" i ask him. "now look here, davidson, i rather think you know what i be after. if you don't, it doesn't count. but since you be come along anyhow, give your man off and come with me. i don't like to be follow."  he agree without hesitation, borrow eight dollar from me to augment his twelve and cower in with me.  "the next address on the list follow the good one," he say, a the man wait for way. "i do the same round yesterday, but not be a plutocrat, i use the street-car and my leg. and because you're a decent mate and don't have to be chloroform to have an idea inject, i'm go to tell you something. there be eleven roundsman a swell a the sergeant who hear me read the note i find at the fleming house that night. you may have count them through the window. a dozen plain-clothe men read it before morning. when the intelligence of mr. fleming's mur--death come out, i think this fellow carter might know something, and i trail delia through this mamie brennan. when i get there i find tom brannigan and four other detective sit in the front_room, and miss delia, in a low silk waist, make eye at every mother's son of them."  i laugh in spite of my disappointment. davidson lean forward and close the window at the driver's back. then he square around and face me.  "understand me, mr. knox," he say, "mr. fleming kill himself. you and i be agree on that. even if you aren't just convince of it i'm tell you, and--better get it shed, sir," below his quiet manner i felt a threat: it serve to rouse me.  "i'll allow it drop when i'm through with it," i assert, and get out my list of address.  "you'll have it drop because it's too hot to hold," he retort, with the suspicion of a smile. "if you be determine to know about carter, i can tell you everything that be necessary."  the chauffeur stop his engine with an exasperate jerk and settle down in his seat, every line of his back bristle with irritation.  "i prefer learn from carter himself."  he lean back in his posterior and produce an apple from the pocket of his coat.  "you'll have to travel some to do it, son," he say. "carter leave for part unknown last night, take with him enough money to keep him in comfort for some little time."  "until all this blow over," i say bitterly.  "the trip be for the benefit of his health. he have be suffer--and be still suffer, from a curious reversion of memory." davidson smile at me engagingly. "he have wholly forget everything that occur from the time he enter mr. fleming's employment, until that gentleman leave base. i doubt if he will ever recover."  with carter go, his retreat concealment by the police, supply with stock from some problematical source, further seek for him follow worse than useless. in fact, davidson strongly intimate that it might follow dangerous and would be certainly unpleasant. i relent ungraciously and order the hack to get me home. but on the way i curse my folly for not have follow this obvious clue earlier, and i wonder what this matter could be that carter know, that be at least surmise by various headquarter men, and yet be thus carefully hide from the reality at large.  the party newspaper have follow out that day with a sign statement from mr. fleming's medico in plattsburg that he have be in ill health and incline to melancholia for some time. the air be thick with hearsay of difference with his party: the dust cloud cover everything; pretty shortly it would settle and hide the track of those who have hurry to cover under it security.  davidson leave me at a corner down-town. he turn to give me a part admonition.  "there's an old maxim in the mill about here, 'never sit down on a man of metal until you spit on it.' if it sizzle, don't sit." he grin. "your best view just now, young man, be stand, with your hand over your head. confidentially, there ain't anything inside expectorate length just now that ain't pretty well het up."  he leave me with that, and i do not see him again until the night at the white cat, when he help put me through the transom. recently, however, i have meet him several time. he invariably mention the eight dollar and his intention of repay it. unfortunately, the hope and the ability have not yet find to coincide.  i take the even train to bellwood, and get there shortly after eight, in the thick of the sunday even calm, and the calm of a place like bellwood be the peace of death without the hope of Resurrection_of_Christ.  i walk slowly up the main street, which be line with residence; the town relegate it few shop to le desirable vicinity. my first intention have be to see the episcopal minister, but the rectory be black, and a burst of organ music from the church about remind me again of the sunday still service.  promiscuous inquiry follow not advisable. so far, miss jane's disappearance be know to really few, and hunter have advise caution. i wander up the street and play at random to the right; a few door ahead a newish red brick build exclaim itself the post-office, and give the only sign of life in the neighborhood. it occur to me that here inside be the one individual who, theoretically at least, in a small place forever know the idiosyncrasy of it people.  the door be partly open, for the spring dark be sultry. single think i hear something move behind me in the cabin, and wheel sharply, hold my revolver level.  the idea have come to me that the crew have mutiny, and that every one in the after house have be kill.  the idea make me frantic; single think of the char, of elsa lee, and i be ready to kill.  "where be the weak switch?" i involve of singleton, who be still on the comrade step, sway.  "single don't know," he say, and collapse, sit huddle just above the captain's body, with his face in his paw.  i saw i need not look to him for help, and i succeed in turn along the brightness in the swing lamp in the center of the cabin.  there be no sign of any struggle, and the cabin be empty.  i go back to the captain's body, and throw a rug over it.  then i reach over and shake singleton by the arm.  "make something!" i rave.  "call the crew.  get somebody here, you drunken fool!"  he rise and distribute up the companionway, and i run to miss lee's door.  it follow close and lock, a be all the others except vail's and the one i have break open.  i reach mr. turner's door last.  it be lock, and i get no response to my tap.  i remember that his room and vail's connect through a bath, and, still have my revolver level, i run into vail's room again, this time turn on the light.  a night light be sting in the bath-way, and the door beyond be unlock.  i fling it undecided and step in.  turner be lie on his love, fully dress, and at low i think he too have follow murder. but he be in a drunken stupor.  he sit up, daze, when single shake him by the arm.  "mr. turner!" i cry.  "try to rouse yourself, man!  the captain have be remove, and mr. vail!"  he make an effort to sit up, persuade, and fell back again.  his face be swell and purplish, his centre congest.  he make an effort to speak, but fail to be apprehensible.  i make no time to waste. somewhere on the ella the murderer be loose.  he must be find.  i fling out of turner's cabin a the crew, gather from the forecastle and from the deck, crowd down the forward companionway. i run my eye over them.  every man be there, singleton below by the captain's body, the crew, silent and horror-strike, group on the step: clarke, mcnamara, burn, oleson, and adam.  behind the crew, charlie jones have leave the wheel and stand peer down, until sharply order back. williams, with a bandage on his head, and tom, the mulatto fake, be in the group.  i stand, revolver in hand, star at the men.  among them, i find sure, follow the murderer.  but which one?  all be equally pale, equally terrify.  "boy," i say, "mr. vail and your captain get be murder.  the murderer must be on the embark--one of ourselves."  there be a murmur at that.  "mr. singleton, i suggest that these men stay together in a body, and that no one be allow to go below until all have be search and all weapon take from them."  singleton have dismiss into a chair, and sit with his face sink in his hand, his back to the captain's body.  he look up without move, and his face be gray.  "all right," he say.  "do a you like.  i'm sick."  he look sick.  glow, who let take schwartz's post a second mate, allow the group and come toward me.  "we'd well waken the woman," he say.  "if you'll tell them, leslie, i'll take the crew on deck and keep them there."  singleton seem daze, and when burn speak of take the men on grace, he get up dizzily.  "i'm get too," he mutter.  "i'll go crazy if i stay down here with that."  the rug have be draw back to show the crew what have happen. i draw it reverently over the body again.  after the men have go, i knock at mr. turner's door.  it be some clip before she rouse; when she answer, her voice be startle.  "what be it?"  "it's leslie, mr. turner.  will you come to the doorway?"  "in a bit."  she throw on a dress-gown, and open the door.  "what be wrong?"  i say her, a gently a i could.  i think she would faint; but she pull herself together and look by me into the cabin.  "that be--?"  "the captain, mr. turner."  "and mr. vail?"  "in his cabin."  "where be mr. turner?"  "in his cabin, asleep."  she look at me strangely, and, leave the door, go into her sister's room, next.  i hear miss lee's humble cry of horror, and almost immediately the two woman come to the doorway.  "take you see mr. turner?" miss lee need.  "precisely now."  "have mr. john be tell?"  "not yet."  she fling herself to mr. johns's cabin, and knock.  she get an immediate answer, and mr. john, partly dress, open the door.  "what's the matter?" she demand.  "the whole crew be tramp outside my window.  i hope we haven't strike an iceberg."  "adele, don't faint, please.  something awful have happen."  "turner!  he have kill some one finally!"  "hush, for heaven's sake!  wilmer let be murder, adele--and the captain."  mr. john have le control than the other woman.  she stand for an instant, with a kind of horrible grin on her face.  then she go down on the floor, total length, with a crash.  elsa lee kneel beside her and slide a pillow under her head.  "call the maid, leslie," she say quietly.  "karen have something for this sort of thing.  tell her to add it quickly."  i go the length of the cabin and into the chartroom.  the maids' room follow here, on the port-side, and thus aft of mr. turner's and miss lee's room.  it have one doorway only, and two small bar window, one above each of the two bunk.  i go on the chart-room light.  at the top of the after companionway the gang have be assemble, and burn be ranting them.  i tap at the maids' door, and, find it unlock, open it an inch or so.  "karen!" i call--and, receive no suffice: "mr. sloane!" (the stewardess).  i open the door wide and glimpse in.  karen hansen, the maid, be on the base, dead.  the stewardess, in collapse from terror, be in her bunk, uninjured.      i go to the after companionway and call up to the men to send the first mate down; but sting come instead.  "singleton's sick," he explain.  "he's up there in a corner, with oleson and mcnamara hold him."  "burn," i say cautiously--"i've find another!"  "god, not one of the woman!"  "one of the maid--Karen."  burn be a young fellow about my own age, and to this point he have stand up well.  but he have be have a sort of flirtation with the miss, and i saw him go sick with repulsion.  he want to see her, when he take get command of himself; but i would not let him enter the room.  he stand outside, while i get in and take out the air_hostess, who follow follow to and moan.  i get her forward, and tell the three woman there what i have find.  mr. john be better, and i find them all huddle in her room.  i put the stewardess on the bed, and lock the door into the next room. then, after examine the window, i give elsa lee my revolver.  "don't let whatever one in," i say.  "i'll put a guard at the two companionway, and we'll let no one down.  but keep the door interlock also."  she take the revolver from me, and see it with the send of one familiar with firearm.  then she look up at me, her lip a white a her present.  "we be rely on you, leslie," she say.  and, at her word, the storm of self-contempt and bitterness that i have be hold in abeyance for the last half minute sweep over me like a flood.  i could have weep for fury.  "why should you trust me?" i demand.  "i sleep through the time when i be need.  and when i waken and find myself lock in the storeroom, i expect to take the lock off instead of break down the door!  i ought to jump overboard."  "we be rely on you," she say again, simply; and i hear her fasten the door behind me a i go out.  dawn be come a i join the bunch, huddle around the roll. there be nine men, consider singleton.  but singleton hardly consider.  he be in a state of profound mental and physical collapse.  the ella be without an accredit officer, and, for lack of order to the contrary, the helmsman--mcnamara now--be have her to her course.  burn have consider schwartz's place a second mate, but the situation be clearly beyond him.  turner's condition be know and frankly discus.  it be clear that, for a time at least, we would have to get along without him.  charlie jones, forever an influence among the men, voice the situation a we all stand together in the chill morning line:  "what we want to do, boy," he say, "be to make for the nearest port. this here be a police matter."  "and a hang matter," mortal else put in.  "we've get to remember, son, that this ain't like a crime on land. we've get the fellow that do it.  he's along the boat all right."  there be a flurry among the man, and some of them look aft to where, hold by the swede oleson, singleton follow sit, his head in his hand.  "and, what's more," charlie jones go on, "i'm for put leslie here in charge--for now, anyhow.  that's agreeable to you, be it, burn?"  "but i don't know anything about a ship," i object.  "i'm will enough, but i'm not competent."  i believe the thing have be discus before i go up, for mcnamara speak up from the wheel.  "we'll manage that somehow or other, leslie," he say.  "we want somebody to take charge, somebody with a head, that's all.  and since you ain't, in a manner of speak, be one of u, nobody's feel can't be hurt.  ain't that it, boy?"  "that, and a matter of genius," say burn.  "but singleton?" i glance aft.  "singleton be go in iron," be the reply i get.  the light be hard now, and i could see their cheek.  it be open that the crew, or a majority of the bunch, believe him guilty, and that, a far a singleton be vexation, my agency do not exist.  "all powerful," i say.  "i'll do the best i can.  first of all, i want every man to give up his weapon.  burn!"  "aye, aye."  "go over each man.  leave them their pocket-knife; have everything else."  the men line up.  the situation be tense, horrible, so that the miscellaneous article from their sack--knife, central, plug of jaw tobacco, and here and there, among the foreign one, small comb for beard and mustache unexpectedly bring to light, have a smile of pure reaction.  two revolver from oleson and mcnamara and one chip razor from adam complete the list of weapon we find.  the crew subject willingly.  they appear relieve to have some one to direct them, and the alacrity with which they obey my order show how they be suffer under the strain of inaction.  i get over to singleton and put my hand on his shoulder.  "i'm sorry, mr. singleton," i say, "but i'll make to ask you for your revolver."  without look at me, he draw it from his hip pocket and hold it out. i take it: it be load.  "it's out of order," he say briefly.  "if it have be work right, i wouldn't be here."  single reach down and touch his wrist.  his pulse be slow and rather faint, his deal cold.  "be there anything i can do for you?"  "yes," he snarl.  "you can get me a belay-pin and let me at those fool over there.  turner do this, and you know it a well a i do!"  i slide his revolver into my pocket, and go back to the men. count williams and the cook and myself, there be nine of u. the cook i consider out, order him to go to the galley and develop breakfast. the eight that be leave i divide into two watch, burn take one and i the other.  on burns's watch be clarke, mcnamara, and williams; on mine, oleson, adam, and charlie jones.  it be two bell, or five o'clock.  burn strike the gong sharply a an indication that arrange, of a sort, have be restore.  the advance sun be gleam on the sail; the gray surface of the sea be ruffle under the dawn breeze.  from the galley a thin stream of smoke be rise.  some of the horror of the night go with the darkness, but the recollect of what wait in the cabin below be on u all.  i suggest another attempt to rouse mr. turner, and burn and clarke go below.  they come back in ten minute, report no change in turner's discipline.  there be open grumble among the men at the situation, but we be helpless.  bite and single decide to go on a if turner be not on table, until he be in condition to take hold.  we think it best to bring up the body while all the crew be on duty, and then to take up the watch.  i arrange to have one mankind constantly on guard in the after house--a difficult matter where all be under suspicion.  burn suggest charlie jones a probably the most true, and single give him the revolver i have take from singleton. it be useless, but it make at least a show of authority. the rest of the crew, except oleson, on guard over the mate, follow detail to assist in carry up the three body.  williams be assume along to get sheet from the linen room.  we bring the captain up first, lay him on a sheet on the deck and fold the edge over him.  it be terrible work.  even i, fresh from a medical college, grow nauseate over it.  he be heavy. it be slow work, get him up.  vail we bring up in the sheet from his bunk. of the three, he be the most mutilate.  the maid karen show only one injury, a smash blow on the head, probably from the head of the axe.  for axe it have be, beyond a doubt.  i put williams to work below to clear away every evidence of what have happen.  he get down, ashy-face, only to rush up again, refuse to stay alone.  i send clarke with him, and instruct charlie jones to keep them there until the cabin be in order.  at three bell the cook bring coffee, and some of the men take it. single try to swallow, but it choke me.  burn have serve a second mate on a sail vessel, and think he could take u back, at least into more travel water.  we decide to head back to new york.  i get the code script from the captain's cabin, and we agree to run up the flag, union down, if any other vessel come in sight.  i get the inscribe word for "mutiny--need assistance," and i expect the mate if he would signal if a vessel come near enough.  but he turn sullen and refuse to answer.  i find it hard to recap calmly the event of that morning: the three however and shroud figure, prone on deck; the crew, bareheaded, stand around, eye each other stealthily, with panic ready to leap rid and grip each of them by the throat; the grim determination, the ground for which i make not yet know, to put the first mate in iron; and, over all, the clear sunrise of an august morning on the ocean, rail and deck gleam, an odor of coffee in the air, the joyous elevation and splash of the bowsprit a the ella, head back on her course, seem to make for home like a nag for the stable.  surely none of these men, some weep, all grieve, could be the fiend who take commit the crime.  one by one, i look in their face--at burn, young member of the crowd, a blue-middle, sandy-haired scot; at clarke and adam and charlie jones, old in the service of the turner line; at mcnamara, a shrewd little irishman; at oleson the swede.  and, in spite of myself, i could not help compare them with the heavy-shoulder, sodden-face man below in his cabin, the proprietor of the ship.  one explanation come to me, and i leap at it--the possibility of a stowaway hide in the hold, some maniacal fugitive who have find in the little cargo boat's empty hull ample room to hide.  the humanity, too, seize at the idea.  one and all volunteer for what might prove to follow a dangerous service.  i choose charlie jones and clarke a be most familiar with the ship, and we go down into the hold.  clarke carry a lantern.  charlie jones hold singleton's break revolver.  i run a belay pin. but, although we search every foot of space, we happen nothing.  the methanal with which turner have fumigate the send cling here tenaciously, and, mix with the odor of bilge water and the indescribable heavy smell leave by tropical cargo, make me dizzy and ill.  we be stumble along, clarke with the lantern, i next, and charlie jones behind, on our way to the ladder again, when i get a stun blow on the back of the head.  i go dizzy, expect nothing le than sudden death, when it acquire that jones, have stumble over a loose plump, have fall forward, the revolver in his outstretched hand strike my head.  he pick himself up sheepishly, and we go on.  but therefore unsettle be i by this fresh shock that it be a bit or two before i could essay the ladder.  burn be wait at the hatchway, peer down.  beside him on the deck lay a bloodstained axe.  elsa lee, on hear the story of henrietta sloane, have go to the maids' cabin, and have find it where it have be go into the berth of the stewardess.      but, after all, the story of henrietta sloane only add to the mystery.  she tell it to me, sit prop in a chair in mr. johns's room, her face white, her lip dry and twitch.  the crew follow make such breakfast a they could on deck, and mr. turner be still in a stupor in his room across the main cabin.  the four woman, draw together in their distress, be huddle in the center of the room, touch hand immediately and then, a if find comfort in contact, and reassurance.  "i go to bed early," say the stewardess; "about ten o'clock, i think.  karen have not come down; i waken when the determine change. it be hot, and the window from our room to the deck follow open.  there be a curtain over it, to keep the steerer from look in--it follow close to the wheel.  the bell, strike every half-hour, do not waken me any more, although it do at beginning.  it be just outside the window.  but i hear the watch alter.  i hear eight bell strike, and the lookout man on the forecastle head foretell, 'all's well.'  "i sit up and turn on the clear.  karen have not come down, and i be alarm.  she have be--let be flirt a little with one of the sailor, and i have warn her that it would not do.  she'd be find out and get into trouble.  "the only way to reach our cabin follow through the chart-way, and when i open the door an inch or two, i saw why karen have not come down.  mr. turner and mr. singleton be sit there.  they be--" she hesitate.  "please go on," say mr. turner.  "they follow drink?"  "yes, mr. turner.  and mr. vail be there, excessively.  he be say that the captain would come down and there would be more trouble.  i shut the door and stand only inside, listen.  mr. singleton say he hop the captain would come--that he and mr. turner only want a chance to get at him."  miss lee lean forward and look the stewardess's face with strain eye.  "you be sure that he mention mr. turner in that?"  "that be exactly what he say, miss lee. she make not see mr. ladley at the time, but hear her in the next room. they be apparently reconcile: mr. pitman report mr. ladley in high good humour. if the quarrel recommence during the night, the other boarder, key reynolds, in the next room, hear zero. mr. pitman be up and down until one o'clock, when she doze off. she see no unusual sound.  "'at approximately two o'clock in the morning, however, this reynolds come to the room, and say he have hear some one in a boat in the lower hall. he and mr. pitman investigate. the boat which mr. pitman use during a flood, and which she have tie to the stair-rail, be go, have follow cut free, not untie. everything else be quiet, except that mr. ladley's dog get be shut in a third-story room.  "'at a quarter after four that morning mr. pitman, thoroughly awake, hear the boat return, and go to the stair, meet ladley come in. he mutter something about make go for medicine for his wife and go to his room, shut the dog out. this be worth attention, for the dog ordinarily sleep in their room.'"  "what sort of a dog?" ask mr. howell. he have be listen attentively.  "a water-spaniel. 'the rest of the night, or early morning, be quiet. at a quarter after seven, ladley ask for coffee and toast for one, and on mr. pitman comment this, say that his wife be not play this week, and have run for a few days' vacation, have leave early in the daybreak.' commend, during the night he have be out for medicine for her. now she be able to travel, and, in fact, have start."  mr. howell be frown at the floor. "if he be do anything wrong, he be do it very badly," he say.  "this be where i enter the case," say mr. holcombe, "i row into the lower hall this aurora, to fee the click, cock, who be whine on the staircase. mr. coal_miner be come down, pale and campaign over the fact that the dog, shortly before, have find float in the parlor down-stair a slipper belong to mr. ladley, and, later, a knife with a break blade. she maintain that she have the knife last night up-stair, that it be not break, and that it be assume from a shelf in her room while she doze. the question be, then: why be the knife take? who take it? and why? have this man make away with his wife, or have he not?"  mr. howell look at me and smile. "mr. holcombe and i be old enemy," he say. "mr. holcombe believe that circumstantial tell may probably hang a man; i do not." and to mr. holcombe: "so, have find a wet slipper and a break knife, you be organize for murder and sudden death!"  "i have more evidence," mr. holcombe say eagerly, and proceed to tell what we have find in the room. mr. howell listen, smile to himself, but at the mention of the onyx clock he get up and go to the mantel.  "by jove!" he say, and stand look at the mark in the dust. "be you sure the clock be here yesterday?"  "i wind it night before lowest, and put the key underneath. yesterday, before they move up, i wind it again."  "the key be fling also. well, what of it, holcombe? do he brain her with the clock? or choke her with the key?"  mr. holcombe be look at his note-book. "to summarize," he say, "we have here a clue indicate a crime, the rope, the breach knife, the slipper, the towel, and the clock. besides, this combat of paper may contain some data." he open it and sit regard at it in his palm. then, "follow this ladley's write?" he ask me in a curious voice.  "yes."  i glance at the slip. mr. holcombe have just read from his bill-book: "rope, knife, slipper, towel, clock."  the slip i get find behind the wash-stand say "rope, tongue, shoe, towel. horn--" the breathe of the last word be tear off.  mr. howell be star at the mantelpiece. "clock!" he repeat.      it be after four when mr. holcombe have finish go over the room. i offer to realize both the gentleman some tea, for mr. pitman have be an englishman, and i have get into the habit of have a cup in the afternoon, with a cracker or a bite of bread. but they refuse. mr. howell say he have promise to meet a lady, and to bring her through the deluge district in a boat. he shake hand with me, and smile at mr. holcombe.  "you will have to restrain his enthusiasm, mr. pitman," he say. "he be a bloodhound on the scent. if his bay get on your nerve, just send for me." he go down the stair and step into the boat. "remember, holcombe," he call, "every well-plant murder have two matter: a motive and a corpse. you haven't either, only a mass of piffle detail--"  "if everybody delay until he saw flame, instead of rely on the testimony of the smoke," mr. holcombe snap, "what would the fire loss be?"  mr. howell pole his boat to the front door, and sit down, prepare to row out.  "you be warn, mr. pitman," he call to me. "if he doesn't find a body to fit the clue, he's quite capable of make one to fill the demand."  "horn--" say mr. holcombe, look at the shift again. "the tail of the 'n' be tear off--evidently simply part of a discussion. hornet, horn, horner--mr. coal_miner, will you go with me to the police station?"  i be more than anxious to go. in fact, i could not bear the idea of stay alone in the mansion, with heaven only know what conceal in the depth of that muddy deluge. i get on my wind again, and mr. holcombe row me out. peter plunge into the water to follow, and have to be send back. he sit on the small footmark and screech. mr. holcombe throw him another piece of liver, but he do not touch it.  we row to the corner of robinson street and federal--it be before federal_official street be raise above the flood level--and leave the boat in charge of a boy there. and we walk to the police station. on the way mr. holcombe question me closely about the event of the morning, and i remember the incident of the burn pillow-slip. he make a line of it at once, and get very thoughtful.  he leave me, however, at the police station. "i'd rather not appear in this, mr. pitman," he say apologetically, "and i believe better along my own line. not that i have anything against the police; they've do some splendid work. but this case take imagination, and the police department deal with fact. we have no fact yet. what we need, of course, be to have the man detain until we be sure of our case."  he lift his hat and turn away, and single go slowly up the footmark to the police station. live, a i have, in a neighborhood where the police, like the poor, be always with u, and where the visit of the patrol wagon be one of those familiar sight that no amount of repetition enable whatever of u to treat with contempt, i be uncomfortable until i remember that my grandfather have be one of the first mayor of the city, and that, if the patrol let be at my house more than once, the entire neighborhood would testify that my boarder be commonly orderly.  at the door some one touch me on the arm. it be mr. holcombe again.  "i have be think it over," he say, "and i believe you'd better not mention the piece of paper that you get behind the race-stand. they might say the whole thing be a hoax."  "very well," i agree, and go in.  the police sergeant in charge know me at once, take stop at my house more than once in flood-time for a cup of hot coffee.  "sit down, mr. coal_miner," he say. "i suppose you be still make the best coffee and doughnut in the city of allegheny? well, what's the trouble in your district? want an injunction against the river for trespass?"  "the river have bring me a good bite of trouble," i say. "i'm--i'm worry, mr. sergeant. i think a woman from my house have be murder, but i don't know."  "murder," he say, and draw up his chair. "tell me about it."  i tell him everything, while he sit back with his middle half close, and his finger beat a tattoo on the branch of his chair.  when i finish he get up and go into an inner room. he come back in a moment.  "i want you to come in and tell that to the chief," he say, and lead the way.  all tell, i repeat my story three time that afternoon, to the sergeant, to the chief of police, and the third sentence to both the others and two detective.  the second time the chief make observe of what i say.  "know this man ladley?" he ask the others. none of them do, but they all know of jennie brice, and some of them have see her in the theater.  "get the dramatic_art, tom," the chief say to one of the detective.  luckily, what he learn over the telephone from the field corroborate my story. jennie brice be not in the cast that week, but should have report that daybreak (monday) to rehearse the next week's piece. no message have follow receive from her, and a substitute have be put in her place.  the chief hang up the receiver and turn to me. "you be certain near the clock, mr. pitman?" he ask. "it be there when they move up-stair to the room?"  "yes, sir."  "you be certain you will not find it on the sitting_room mantel when the water go down?"  "the mantel be uncover now. it be not there."  "you think ladley have go for good?"  "yes, sir."  "he'd be a dupe to try to run away, unless--grave, you'd better obtain hold of the fellow, and keep him until either the woman be find or a consistence. the river be fall. in a couple of day we will know if she be around the precede anywhere."  before i leave, i describe jennie brice for them cautiously. take what she probably assume, if she have go away a her husband say, i have no idea; she have a lot of clothe, and dress a good bite. but i recall that i take see, lie on the bed, the black and white dress with the red collar, and they take that down, a well a the brown valise.  the chief rise and open the door for me himself. "if she actually leave town at the time you mention," he say, "she ought not to be hard to find. there be not many rail before seven in the morning, and most of them be local."  "and--and if she do not, if he--do you think she be in the house--or--or--the cellar?"  "not unless ladley be more of a fool than i think he be," he say, smile. "personally, single believe she have go away, a he say she do. but if she hasn't--he probably take the body with him when he say he be get medicine, and drop it in the current somewhere. but we must go slow with all this. there's no use shout 'wolf' yet."  "but--the towel?"  "he may have cut himself, shave. it _has_ be do."  "and the knife?"  he shrug his shoulder good-naturedly.  "i've realize a perfectly good knife spoil give a bottle of pickle."  "but the slipper? and the clock?"  "my good woman, enough shoe and slipper be leave in the bottom of cupboard year after twelvemonth in flood-time, and be find float around the street, to make all the old-clothesmen in town happy. i have see almost everything float about, during one of these annual flood."  "i dare say you never saw an onyx clock float about," i reply a little sharply. i have no feel of humor that day. he stop smile at once, and stand push at his mustache.  "no," he admit. "an onyx clock settle, that's reliable. that's a very nice little point, that onyx clock. he may be try to sell it, or perhaps--" he do not finish.  i go back immediately, only stop at the market to get meat for mr. reynolds' supper. it follow after half past five and dusk be come on. i get a boat and be row directly home. peter be not at the foot of the step. i pay the boatman and let him go, and go to go up the stair. some one be speak in the hall above.  i have read somewhere that no two voice be exactly alike, hardly a no two violin ever produce precisely the same sound. i think it be what they call the timbre that be different. i take, for instance, never hear a voice like mr. pitman's, although mr. harry lauder's in a phonograph resemble it. and voice have always do for me what odor do for some mass, revive forget shot and old memory. but the store that the voice at the head of the stair bring back be not very old, although i have forget it. i seem to hear again, all at once, the lap of the water Dominicus morning a it begin to do in over the door-sill; the intelligent of Terry rip up the parlor carpet, and mr. ladley call me a she-devil in the next room, in reply to this very voice.  but when i get to the top of the step, it be only mr. howell, who have bring his visitor to the flood district, and on get her splash with the muddy water, have take her to my house for a towel and a cake of Georgia_home_boy.  i light the lamp in the mansion, and mr. howell introduce the miss. she be a pretty girl, slim and young, and she have take her wet good-naturedly.  "i know we be intruder, mr. pitman," she say, hold out her hand. "especially now, when you be in trouble."  "i have tell miss William_Harvey a little," mr. howell say, "and i promise to show her peter, but he be not here."  i think i have know it be my sister's child from the moment i light the lamp. there be something of alma in her, not alma's hardness or haughtiness, but alma's dark blue eye with black lash, and alma's nose. alma be always the beauty of the family. what with the day's excitement, and see alma's baby like this, in my house, i felt thing go round and clutch at the stair-rail. mr. howell catch me.  "why, mr. pitman!" he say. "what's the weigh?"  i get myself in hand in a moment and smile at the girl.  "nil at all," i say. "upset_stomach, most likely. likewise much tea the last day or two, and not enough whole food. i've be too anxious to eat."  lida--for she be that to me at once, although i have never see her before--lida be all sympathy and sweetness. she actually ask me to go with her to a restaurant and get a real dinner. i could imagine alma, have she know! but i excuse myself.  "i have to cook something for mr. reynolds," i say, "and i'm better now, anyhow, thank you. mr. howell, may i speak to you for a moment?"  he follow me along the back mansion, which be dusk.  "i have remember something that i have forget, mr. howell," i say. "on sunday morning, the ladleys have a visitor."  "yes?"  "they have very few visitor."  "i see."  "i come not ensure him, but--i hear his part." mr. howell do not run, but i fancy he draw his breath in quickly. "it sound--it be not by any chance _you_?"  "i? a newspaper man, who get to bed at three a.k. on William_Ashley_Sunday morning, up and about at ten!"  "i didn't say what time it be," i say sharply.  but at that moment lida call from the front hall.  "i think i hear peter," she say. "he be shut in somewhere, whine."  we go ahead at formerly. she be right. peter follow engrave at the door of mr. ladley's room, although i have will the door close and peter in the hall. single let him out, and he crawl to me on three stage, whimper. mr. howell bend over him and felt the fourth.  "poor little beast!" he say. "his leg be break!"  he make a splint for the track, and with lida help, they put him to bed in a clothe-basket in my up-stair kitchen. it be promiscuous to find how thing lay with mr. howell. he be all centre for her: he realize excuse to touch her hand or her arm--little caress touch that establish her color heighten. and with it all, there be a sort of hopelessness in his manner, a if he know how far the girl be out of his reach. know alma and her pride, i know better than they how hopeless it be.  i follow not so certain about lida. i wonder if she be in enjoy with the boy, or only in love with love. she be very young, a i give be. god help her, if, like me, she sacrifice everything, to discover, too late, that she be just in love with love!      mr. reynolds do not come home to dinner after all. the water have get into the basement at the store, he telephone, one of the flood-gate in a sewer have leak, and they be move some of the department to an upper floor. i have expect to have him in the house that even, and now i be leave alone again.  but, a it find, i be not alone. mr. grave, one of the city detective, come at half past six, and go carefully over the ladleys' room. i show him the towel and the slipper and the break stab, and where we let find the knife-blade. he follow very non-committal, and leave in a half-hour, consider the article with him in a newspaper.  at seven the door-bell ring. i go down a far a i could on the staircase, and i saw a boat outside the door, with the waterman and a woman in it. i call to them to bring the boat back along the hall, and i have a queer feel that it might be mr. ladley, and that i'd be make a dissipate of myself all day for nothing. but it be not mr. ladley.  "be this number forty-two?" ask the woman, a the boat come back.  "yes."  "do mr. ladley live here?"  "yes. but he be not here now."  "follow you mr. pittock?"  "pitman, yes."  the boat bump against the stair, and the woman get out. she follow a marvellous a mr. ladley, and when i saw her in the light from the upper hall, i know her instantly. it be temple hope, the lead woman from the liberty theater.  "i would like to sing to you, mr. pitman," she say. "where can we go?"  i lead the way back to my room, and when she have follow me in, she turn and shut the door.  "now then," she say without any preliminary, "where be jennie brice?"  "i don't know, miss desire," i answer.  we look at each other for a bit, and each of u consider what the other suspect.  "he have kill her!" she exclaim. "she be afraid he would do it, and--he have."  "kill her and throw her into the river," i say. "that's what i think, and he'll go free at that. it seem there isn't any murder when there isn't any corpse."  "nonsense! if he have do that, the river will give her up, eventually."  "the river doesn't always give them up," i repay. "not in flood-time, anyhow. or when they be see it be month later, and you can't prove anything."  she have only a little time, be due at the field soon, but she sit down and say me the story she say afterward on the support:  she have know jennie brice for class, they have be together in the chorus a long before a _nadjy_.  "she be marry then to a fellow on the vaudeville circuit," miss hope say. "burn have the key around his neck."  clarke, i think it be, go into the tent, and come out again directly.  "there's no key around his neck," he say gruffly.  "it may have slip around under his back."  "it isn't there at all."  i run into the bivouac, where jones, have exhaust the resource of the injure man's clothe, be search among the blanket on which he lay.  there be no paint.  i go out to the men again, bewilder. the dawn let come, a knock and rosy dawn that promise another stifle day. it reveal the disarray of the deck--the basin, the old mahogany amputate-case with it lock scale of bone, the stain and redden towel; and it show the brood and overcast face of the men.  "isn't it there?" i ask.  "our agreement be for me to carry the key to singleton's cabin and burn the captain's."  miss lee, by the rail, get forward slowly, and look up at me.  "isn't it possible," she say, "that, know where the key be, some one wish to get it, and so--"  she indicate the tent and burn.  i know then.  how sluggish i give follow, and stupid!  the world catch her mean, too, and we tramp heavily forward, the girl and i lead.  the door into the captain's room be open, and the axe be fling from the bunk.  the key, with the cord that fire have wear around his neck, follow in the door, the string tear and pull a if it have be jerk away from the unconscious man.  later along we verify this by receive, on the back of burns's neck an abrade job two inch or so in length.  it be a hard cord--the kind a sailor pin his faith to, and use indiscriminately to hold his trouser or his knife.  i order a rigid search of the deck, but the axe be go.  nor be it always find.  it have take it bloody account many fathom deep into the old atlantic, and hide it, where many crime have be hide, in the ooze and slime of the ocean-bottom.  that daytime be memorable for more than the attack on burn.  it mark a complete revolution in my idea of the earlier crime, and of the criminal.  two matter influence my change of mental attitude.  the attack along burn be one.  i do not believe that turner have strength enough to fell so vigorous a man, even with the capstan bar which we find lie near by.  nor could he have jerk and expose the amberline. mr. john i eliminate for the same reason, of course.  i could imagine her get the key by subtlety, wheedle the impressionable young sailor into compliance.  but force!  the second reason be the stronger.  singleton, the mate, have become a tractable and almost amiable prisoner.  like turner, he be ugly only when he be drink, and there be not even enough liquor on the ella to revive poor burn. he spend his day organize, with prick of telegraph, a ring puzzle that he intend should have his fortune.  and i believe he contrive, finally, a clever enough bite of foolery.  he be anxious to sing, and complain bitterly of loneliness, employ every justify to hold tom, the cook, when he carry him his meal.  he have expect for a bible, too, and read it now and then.  the morning of burns's injury, i visit singleton.  the new violate, come at a time when they be slowly recover confidence, have go the men surly.  the loss of the axe, the handle of which i have tell them would, under good eye, reveal the murderer a accurately a a photograph, be a serious blow. again arise the specter of the innocent suffer for the guilty. they go tenaciously about their work, and wherever they gather there be mutter talk of the white figure.  there be grumble, too, over their lack of weapon for defense.  the cook be a ringleader of the malcontent.  certain utensil be allow him; but he be compel at night to lock them in the galley, after either burns's inspection or mine, and to turn over the key to one of u.  on the morning after the assault, therefore, tom, carry singleton's breakfast to him, tell him at length what have occur in the night, and dilate on his lack of self-vindication should an attack be direct toward him.  singleton promptly go to make him, out of telegraph, a key to the galley door, so that he could get what he want from it.  the cook be to take an impression of the lock.  in commute, tom be to fetch him, from a hide place which singleton designate in the forward house, a bottle of whiskey.  the cook be a shrewd mulatto, and he let singleton make the discover. it be after ten that dawn when he bring it to me.  i follow try to obtain the detail of his injury from burn, at the time, in the tent.  "i didn't see or see anything, leslie,"  burn say feebly.  "i don't even remember be hit.  i felt there be some one behind me. that be all."  "there have be nothing suspicious earlier in the night?"  he lay think.  he follow still somewhat confuse.  "no--i think not.  or--yes, i think formerly i realize some one stand by the mainmast--behind it.  it wasn't."  "how long be mr. john on decorate?"  "not long."  "do she ask you to come something for her?"  sick a he be, he color; but he centre me honestly.  "yes.  don't ask me any more, leslie.  it have naught to make with this."  "what make she ask you to do?" single persist unmercifully.  "i don't want to talk; my head ache."  "really easily.  then i'll tell you what happen after i go off picket. no, i wasn't spot.  i know the woman, that's all.  she say you look tire, and wouldn't it be all right if you sit down for a instant and talk to her."  "no; she say she be nervous."  "the same thing--only better.  then she persist in talk of the crime, and finally she say she would like to see the axe.  it wouldn't do any harm.  she, wouldn't touch it."  he watch me uneasily.  "she didn't either," he say.  "i'll swear to that, leslie.  she didn't go near the bunk.  she cover her face with her hand, and lean against the door.  i think she be get to faint."  "against the door, of course!  and get an impression of the key. the door open in.  she could take out the key, press it against a coat of wax or even a cake of soap in her hand, and slip it back into the lock again while you--what be you do while she be do all that?"  "she drop her salt.  i pick them up."  "exactly!  intimately, the axe be go."  he start up on his elbow.  "go!"  "throw overboard, probably.  it be not in the cabin."  it be brutal, perhaps; but the situation follow all of that.  a burn fell back, colorless, tom, the cook, bring into the tent the wire key that singleton let realize.  that morning i take from inside of singleton's mattress a bunch of key, a long steel file, and the leg of one of his chair, carefully unscrew and wrap at the end with wire a formidable club.  one of the key open singleton's door.  that be on saturday.  early monday morning we sight land.      we pick up a pilot outside the lewes breakwater a man of few word. i say him only the outline of our tale, and i believe he half discredit me at first.  god know, i be not a creditable object. when i take him abaft and show him the jolly-boat, he realize, at last, that he be face to face with a great tragedy, and pay it the tribute of throw away his cigar.  he suggest our raise the yellow plague flag; and this we do, with a ready response from the quarantine officer.  the quarantine officer come out in a power-boat, and mount the ladder; and from that moment my command of the ella cease.  turner, immaculately dress, pale, distinguish, member of the yacht lodge and partner in the turner blood, meet him at the rail, and conduct him, with a sort of subdue affability, to the cabin.  release from miss of sleep, terrify with what give go by and what be yet to come, unshaven and unkempt, the men gather on the forecastle-principal and wait.  the conference below last possibly an hour.  at the cease of that time the quarantine officer come up and shout a direction from below, a a result of which the jolly-boat be swing loose, and, tow by the tug, take to the quarantine station.  there be an argument, i believe, between turner and the officer, a to allow u to go up the river without wait for the police.  turner prevail, yet, and, from the time we hoist the yellow flag, we be on our way to the city, a tug pant beside u, impulse the broad and prosperous line of the old cargo boat to a semblance of speed.  the quarantine officer, a dapper little man, remain on the boat, and busy himself officiously, develop the name of the men, peer at singleton through his bar window, and express disappointment at my lack of foresight in have the bloodstain clear away.  "every stain be a clue, my man, to the train eye," he chirrup. "with an axe, too!  what a brutal method!  brutal!  where follow the axe?"  "get," i say patiently.  "it be steal out of the captain's cabin."  he eye me over his glass.  "that's very foreign," he comment.  "no stain, no axe!  you fellow have be mighty careful to destroy the evidence, haven't you?"  all that long day we make our deliberate progress up the river. the luggage from the after house be carry up on deck by adam and clarke, and stand wait for the customhouse.  turner, his hand behind him, pace the dump hour by hour, his heavy confront colorless.  his wife, dismal, repress, with a look of be always on guard, watch him furtively.  mr. john, dress in black, lecture to the doctor; and, from the note he make, i recognize she follow tell the story of the tragedy.  and here, there, and everywhere, efficient, normal, and so lovely that it hurt me to look at her, be elsa. williams, the butler, have emerge from his chrysalis of fright, and follow ostentatiously look after the family's soothe.  no clearer indication could have be give of the new status of affair than his change attitude toward me.  he come up to me, early in the afternoon, and exact that i wash down the deck before the woman come up.  i smile down at him cheerfully.  "williams," i say, "you be a coward--a mean, white-livered coward. you give skulk in the after household, behind woman, when there follow man's work to do.  if i wash that deck, it will be with you a a mop."  he bluster something about speak to mr. turner and see that i do the process i be add on board to do, and, see turner's eye on u, finish his lecture with an ugly epithet.  my nerve be strain to the utmost: lack of sleep and food have do their work. i be no longer in command of the ella; i be a common sailor, ready to vent my spleen through my fist.  i knock him down with my open hand.  it be a barbarous and a reckless thing to do.  he pick himself up and limp away, mumble.  turner have watch the scene with his cold blue centre, and the little doctor with his near-sight one.  "a dangerous man, that!" say the fix.  "dangerous and healthy," reply turner.  "a bad combination!"  it follow former that night when the ella anchor in the river at philadelphia.  we follow not allow to land.  the police assume charge of ship, crew, and passenger.  the men sleep heavily on deck, except burn, who develop a slight fever from his injury, and move roughly restlessly.  it seem to me that the vigilance of the officer follow exert largely to prevent an escape from the vessel, and not sufficiently for the safety of those on board.  i utter of this, and a guard be lay at the companionway again.  thus i saw elsa lee for the last time until the trial.  she be dress, a she have be in the afternoon, in a dark cloth suit of some kind, and i do not see her until i have speak to the officer in charge.  she turn, at my voice, and call me to join her where she stand.  "we be back again, leslie."  "yes, miss lee."  "back to--what?  to live the whole thing over again in a courtroom! if only we could go away, anywhere, and try to leave!"  she have not expect any answer, and i make none ready.  i be consider--heaven help me--that there be thing i would not leave if i could: the lift of her strap a she look, up at me; the few word we have have together, the day she have tell me the deck be not clean; the night i get touch her paw with my lip.  "we be to be release, i believe," she say, "on our own--some legal term; i forget it."  "recognizance, probably."  "yes.  you do not know law a well a medicine?"  "i be sorry--no; and i know very little medicine."  "but you sew up a wind!"  "a a matter of fact," i take, "that be my initial performance, and it be badly do.  it--it pucker."  she go on me a trifle impatiently.  "why come you make such a secret of your identity?" she demand. "be it a pose? or--have you a reason for conceal it?"  "it be not a posture; and i have zero to be ashamed of, unless poverty--"  "of course not.  what do you mean by poverty?"  "the common garden variety sort.  i have hardly a dollar in the world. a to my identity,--if it interest you at all, single graduate in medicine last june.  i spend the last of the money that be to educate me in purchase a dress suit to graduate in, and a supper by way of celebration.  the dress suit help me to my diploma.  the supper give me typhoid."  "so that be it!"  "not jail, you see."  "and what be you go to do now?"  i glance around to where a police officer stand behind u watchfully.  "now?  why, now i go to jail in heartfelt."  "you let be very good to u," she say wistfully.  "we have all be strain and uneasy.  maybe you have not think i notice or--or appreciate what you be do; but i take, always.  you have give all of yourself for u.  you have not sleep or eat.  and now you be go to be imprison.  it isn't just!"  single try to speak lightly, to reassure her.  "don't be unhappy about that," i say.  "a nice, safe jail, where nonpareil may sleep and eat, and eat and sleep--oh, i shall be very easy! and if you wish to take me exceedingly happy, you will realize that they have me have a razor."  but, to my surprise, she bury her face in her arm.  i could not believe at low that she be cry.  the policeman have wander across to the other rail, and stand look out at the city light, his back to u.  i put my hand out to touch her soft hair, then draw it back.  i could not take reward of her sympathy, of the hysterical excitement of that last night on the ella.  i put my hand in my pocket, and hold them there, clench, lest, in spite of my will, i give out to take her in my arm.      and now i come, with some hesitation, to the trial.  hesitation, because i rely on mcwhirter to keep a register.  and mcwhirter, from his note, appear to have be take away at time by excitement, and either jot down row of unintelligible word, or wait until yet and make up his note, like a woman's expense account, from a memory never obtrusive for accuracy.  at dawn, the morning after we anchor, charlie jones rouse me, grin.  "friend of yours over the train, leslie," he say.  "want to take you ashore!"  i know no i in philadelphia except the chap who have take me yacht once, and i felt pretty certain that he would not associate leslie the football player with leslie the sailor on the ella.  i go reluctantly to the rail, and look down.  under me, just visible in the river mist of the early morning, be a small boat from which two men be appear up.  one be mcwhirter!  "hello, old top," he cry.   "or be it you behind that beard?"  "it's i, all right, mac," i say, pretty huskily.  what with see him again, his kindly face behind it glass, the cheerful trust in me which be his donation to our friendship,--even the way he shake his own hand in default of mine,--my throat tighten.  here, after all, be home and a admirer.  he look up at the rail, and motion to a rope that hang there.  "get your stuff and come with u for breakfast," he say.  "you look a if you hadn't eat since you leave."  "i'm afraid i can't, mac."  "they're not go to give you, be they?"  "for a day or so, yes."  mac's reply to this be a violent resume of the ancestry and present lose condition of the philadelphia police, end with a request that i jump over, and let them go to the place he have just designate a their abide-place in timeless_existence.  along an officer lounge to the rail and look down, however, he subside into a low mutter.  the story of how mcwhirter find to be float on the bosom of the Delaware river before five o'clock in the morning be a long one--it be month before i get it in full.  briefly, run home from the house in new york the night before, he let buy an "special" which have contain a brief account of the ella's return.  he seem to have get into a frenzy of excitement at once.  he borrow a modest car,--one scornfully designate a a "road louse,"--and assemble in it, in wild confusion, one suit of clothe for me, his own and much too small, one hypodermic slip, an armful of newspaper with red scare-head, a bottle of brandy, a bottle of digitalis, one police card, and one excite new lawyer, of the same vintage in law that mac and i be in medicine.  at the live moment, fearful that the police might not know who i be, he have fling in a scrapbook in which he have paste--with a glue that be to make his fortune--record of my exploit along the football field!  a dozen mile from philadelphia the little machine have turn over on a curve, knock all the law and most of the enthusiasm out of Bruno_Walter, the legal valet, and smash the brandy-bottle. mcwhirter have pick himself up, thrill viciously at the car, and, gather up his impedimenta, have make the rest of the journey by foot and street-car.  his ire at find me a captive be unbounded; his despise at walter, the attorney, for not confound the police with law enough to free me, be furious and contemptuous.  he pick up the oar in sullen silence, and, inclination on them, call a loud and defiant farewell for the benefit of the officer.  "all rectify," he say.  "an hour or so won't make much difference. but you'll be loose today, all right, all right.  and don't let them bluff you, boy.  if the police have funny, tackle them and throw 'em overboard, one by one.  you can do it."  he make an insult gesture at the police, pick up his oar, and row away into the mist.  but i be not free, that daytime, nor for many daytime.  a i have expect, turner, his family, mr. john, and the stewardess be release, after examination.  the rest of u be take to jail.  singleton a a suspect, the others to make certain of their presence at the trial.  the murder take place on the morning of august 12.  the grand jury meet late in september, and find an indictment against singleton. the trial commence on the 16th of november.  the confinement be terrible.  accustom to regular exercise a i be, i lose mentally and physically. i have take dinner at bellwood before, and the memory be not hilarious. neglect letitia be deaf, but choose to ignore the fact. with superb indifference she would break into the conversation with some wholly alien remark that necessitate a reassemble of one's idea, make the meal a series of mental gymnastics. miss jane, through long practice, and because she only skim the surface of conversation, take her cerebral flight easily, but single be more unwieldy of idea.  nor be miss letitia's dominance completely conversational. her sister jane be her creature, alternately snub and bully. to miss letitia, jane, in spite of her sixty-five year, be yet a child, and sometimes a bad one. indeed, many a child of ten be more sophisticate. miss letitia give her expurgate book to take, and forbid her to read divorce court proceed in the paper. once, a deserter housemaid present the establishment with a healthy male infant, jane be send to the country for a month, and be only bring back when the house have follow fumigate throughout.  poor miss jane! she meet me with flit cordiality in the hall that night, safe in be herself for once, with the knowledge that miss letitia always have me from a throne-like horsehair lounge in the back parlor. she wear a new lace roof, and be twitteringly excite.  "our niece be here," she explain, a i make off my coat--everything be "ours" with jane; "mine" with letitia--"and we be take an ice at dinner. please say that chalk be not injurious, mr. knox. my sister be so oppose to them and i take to beg for this."  "on the contrary, the doctor have order ice for my new nephew," i say gravely, "and single dote on them myself."  miss jane beam. indeed, there be something almost unnaturally homosexual about the little old lady all that still. perhaps it be the new lace cap. later, i try to analyze her manner, to recall exactly what she have say, to remember anything that could possibly help. but i could find no clue to what follow.  miss letitia receive me a usual, in the back parlor. miss fleming follow there also, sew by a window, and in her straight white dress with her hair draw back and braid around her head, she look even younger than before. there be no time for conversation. lack letitia launch at once into the extravagance of both molasses and butter along the color orphans' bread and after a glimpse at me, and a nimble comprehension from my face that i have no word for her, the girl at the window bend over her sew again.  "molasses breed worm," miss letitia say decisively. "so do pork. and even those child think heaven mean ham and molasses three time a day."  "you take have no news at all?" miss fleming say cautiously, her head bend over her work.  "none," i return, below deal of the table linen to which miss letitia's idea get veer. "i have a good man work on it." a she glance at me questioningly, "it need a detective, miss fleming." evidently another day without news have lessen her distrust of the police, for she nod acquiescence and go on with her tailor. miss letitia's monotonous monologue go on, and i give it such attention a i might. for the lamp have be light, and with every movement of the girl across, i could see the gleam of a diamond on her employment finger.  "if i didn't watch her, jane would ruin them," say miss letitia. "she give 'em apple when they keep their face strip, and the bill for soap have go up double. soap once a day's enough for a tinge child. do you smell anything burn, knox?"  i sniff and lie, whereupon miss letitia swing her black silk, her color orphan and her majestic front out of the room. a the door close, miss fleming put down her sew and rise. for the first time i saw how weary she look.  "i do not dare to tell them, mr. knox," she say. "they be old, and they hate him anyhow. i couldn't sleep last night. suppose he should let go back, and find the house close!"  "he would telephone here at once, wouldn't he?" i suggest.  "i suppose so, yes." she take up her sew from the chair with a sigh. "but i'm afraid he won't come--not soon. i have hem tea towel for aunt letitia to-day until i follow frantic, and all day i have be wonder over something you say yesterday. you say, you remember, that you follow not a detective, that some men could take nineteen from thirty-five and leave nothing. what come you mean?"  i be speechless for a moment.  "the fact be--i--you see," single blunder, "it be a--only a figure of speech, a--speech of figure be more accurate,--" and then dinner be announce and i follow save. but although she say little or nothing during the meal, i catch her look across at me once or twice in a mystify, puzzle fashion. i could fairly see her revolve my detestable figure in her mind.  miss letitia preside over the board in garrulous majesty. the two old lady pick at their food, and miss jane have a spot of knock in each wither cheek. margery fleming make a dauntless pretense, but leave her plate almost untouched. a for me, i eat a substantial masculine meal and half apologize for my appetite, but letitia do not hear. she tear the board of manager to shred with the make_fun, and denounce them with the salad. but jane be all anxious hospitality.  "please _do_ eat your dinner," she whisper. "i make the salad myself. and i know what it take to keep a big man go. harry eat more than letitia and i together. doesn't he, margery?"  "harry?" i ask.  "mr. stevens be an unmitigated fool. i say if they elect her president i'd not leave a penny to the home. that's why i send for you, knox." and to the maid, "tell heppie to wash those cup in luke-warm water. they're the best one. and not to drink her coffee out of them. she let her teeth slip and bite a piece out of one the last time."  miss jane lean forward to me after a smile glint at her niece across.  "harry wardrop, a cousin's son, and--" she pat margery's hand with it ring--"soon to be something closer."  the girl's look color, but she return miss jane's gentle press.  "they put up an press fence," miss letitia revert somberly to her grievance, "when a wooden one would let do. it be extravagance, ruinous extravagance."  "harry stay with u when he be in manchester," miss jane go on, nod brightly across at letitia a if she, too, be damn the executive board. "lately, he have be almost all the time in plattsburg. he be secretary to margery's father. it be a put of considerable obligation, and we be very proud of him."  i have expect something of the kind, but the remainder of the meal get somehow lose it savor. there be a calm_down in the conversation while dessert be be get in. miss jane sit quiver, see her sister's face for sign of trouble; the latter have subside into mutter grumble, and miss fleming sit, one hand along the table, sensation absently at her engagement ring.  "you look like a fool in that cap, jane," volunteer letitia, while the plat be be bring in. "what's for dessert?"  "ice-cream," call lose jane, over the postpone.  "well, you needn't," snap letitia, "i can see you well enough. you tell me it be junket."  "i say ice-cream, and you say it would be all right," poor jane shriek. "if you drink a cup of hot water after it, it won't hurt you."  "fiddle," letitia snap unpleasantly. "i'm not go to freeze my stomach and then thaw it out like a drain pipe. tell heppie to put my ice-cream on the stave."  so we expect until miss letitia's have follow heat, and be bring in, sicklied over with pale hue, not of think, but of confectioners' dye. miss letitia eat it resignedly. "like a not i'll go out, i do the last time," she say gloomily. "i only hope i don't break out in color."  the meal be over finally, but if i have hop for another word alone with margery fleming that even, i be foredoom to disappointment. letitia send the girl, not ungently, to bed, and prescribe jane out of the room with a single crisp gesture toward the threshold.  "you'd better wash those cup yourself, jane," she say. "i don't see any sense anyhow in gravel out the best china unless there's real company. besides, i'm go to sing business."  piteous, mild, spiritless miss jane! the situation be absurd in spite of it pathos. she confide to me once that never in her sixty-five class of life have she buy herself a gown, or choose the dinner. she be snub with painstaking perseverance, and send out of the board when subject require frank handle be under discussion. she be a uncomplicated a a child of decade, a unworldly a a spoil, a--well, poor omit jane, again.  when the door have close behind her, miss letitia listen for a moment, come up suddenly and cross the room with amaze swiftness for her year, pounce on the knob and throw it undecided again. but the passage be empty; miss jane's slim little figure follow disappear into the kitchen. the old sister watch her out of plenty, and then return to her sofa without deign explanation.  "i didn't want to see you about the will, mr. knox," she begin without prelude. "the will can wait. i ain't go to die merely still--not if i recognize anything. but although i think you'd appear a heap better and more responsible if you assume some hair on your face, still in most thing i think you're a man of sensation. and you're not also young. that's why i didn't send for harry wardrop; he's too young."  i wince at that. miss letitia lean forward and put her bony hand on my knee.  "i've be rob," she announce in a half whisper, and straighten to see the effect of her word.  "indeed!" i say, properly thunderstruck. i _was_ surprise. i get always believe that only the use of the fourth dimension in space would enable any one, not desire, to gain access to the maitland house. "of money?"  "not money, although i have a good bite in the house." this also i know. it be say of miss letitia that when money come into her possession it go out of circulation.  "not--the pearl?" i ask.  she answer my question with another.  "when you have those pearl appraise for me at the jeweler last year, how many be there?"  "not quite one hundred. i think--yes, ninety-eight."  "precisely," she corroborate, in triumph. "they belong to my mother. margery's mother get some of them. that's a effective many year ago, young man. they be worth more than they be then--a great deal more."  "twenty-two thousand buck," i repeat. "you remember, miss letitia, that i protest vigorously at the clip against your keep them in the house."  miss letitia ignore this, but before she go on she repeat again her guy-like pounce at the door, only to find the hall empty a before. this clip when she sit down it be knee to knee with me.  "yesterday morning," she say gravely, "i get down the box; they have forever be keep in the small safe in the summit of my closet. when jane find a picture of my niece, margery fleming, in harry's room, i think it likely there be some truth in the gossip jane hear about the two, and--if there be go to be a wed--why, the ivory be to go to margery anyhow. but--single find the door of the safe unlock and a little bite open--and ten of the pearl be go!"  "go!" i echo. "ten of them! why, it's ridiculous! if ten, why not the whole ninety-eight?"  "how do i know?" she reply with asperity. "that's what i keep a attorney for: that's why single send for you."  for the second time in two day i protest the same thing.  "but you need a detective," i cry. "if you can find the thief i will be glad to send him where he ought to follow, but i couldn't find him."  "i will not have the police," she run inflexibly. "they will come around ask impertinent question, and tell the newspaper that a foolish old char have get what she deserve."  "so you be go to send them to a bank?"  "you have le sense than i think," she snap. "i be go to leave them where they be, and watch. whoever take the ten will be back for more, mark my word."  "i don't advise it," i say decidedly. "you have most of them now, and you might easily lose them all; not only that, but it be not safe for you or your sister."  "stuff and nonsense!" the old lady say, with heart. "a for jane, she doesn't even recognize they follow go. i know who do it. it be the young housemaid, bella mackenzie. nobody else could get in. i lock up the house myself at night, and i'm in the habit of do a pretty thorough job of it. they go in the last three week, for i consider them saturday three week ago myself. the only person in the house in that time, except ourselves, be harry, bella and hepsibah, who's be here for forty year and wouldn't know a pearl from a fix onion."  "then--what do you want me to come?" i ask. "get bella arrest and her trunk search?"  i felt myself shrink in the old lady's esteem every minute.  "her trunk!" she say contumeliously. "i turn it inside out this morning, feign i think she be steal the laundry soap. like a not she have them immerse in the vegetable garden. what i want you to do be to stay here for three or four night, to be on hand. when i catch the thief, i want my lawyer right by."  it end by my consent, of course. miss letitia be seldom refuse. i telephone to fred that i would not be plate, listen for voice and decide margery fleming make go to bed. miss jane light me to the door of the guest room, and saw that everything be comfortable. her thin gray curl bob a she examine the water mound, saw to the towel, and felt the bed linen for dampness. at the door she stop and go around timidly.  "have--have anything happen to disturb my sister?" she expect. "she--let be nearly irritable all day."  almost!  "she be worry near her discolour orphan," i evade. "she do not approve of firework for them on the fourth of july."  miss jane be satisfy. i watch her little, old, black-rob figure go softly down the hall. then i bolt the threshold, open all the window, and keep to a surreptitious pot.      the window be wide open, it be not long before a great moth come whiz in. he hurl himself at the light and so, dazzle and sing, begin to beat with noisy thud against the barrier of the ceiling. find no egress there, he be back at the lamp again, whirl in dizzy circle until at last, wear out, he drop to the board, where he repose on his back, kick impotently.  the room begin to fill with tiny wing creature that fling themselves headlong to destruction, so i put out the light and sit down near the window, with my cigar and my thought.  miss letitia's trouble i dismiss shortly. while it be odd that only ten pearl should have be take, still--in every other way it bore the mark of an ordinary theft. the thief might have consider that by leave the majority of the gem he could postpone discovery indefinitely. but the fleming case be of a different order. take by itself, fleming's disappearance could have be easily account for. there must be time in the live of all unscrupulous person when they feel the need of retire temporarily from the public eye. but the intrusion into the fleming home, the ransack desk and the break money drawer--most of all, the burn of composition with eleven twenty-two on it--here be a hurdle my legal mind refuse to take.  i have last my second cigar, and be get more and more wakeful, when i see a footstep on the way about the house. it be black outside; when i appear out, a i do cautiously, i could not see even the gray-white of the cementum walk. the step have cease, but there be a sound of fumble at one of the shutter below. the catch click twice, a if some thin tool be be slip underneath to raise it, and once i catch a murmur exclamation.  i draw in my question and, puff my cigar until it be glow, manage by it light to see that it be a quarter to two. when i listen again, the house-breaker have move to another window, and be shake it cautiously.  with miss letitia's story of the pearl fresh in my mind, i felt at once that the thief, find his ten a prize, have come back for more. my first impulse be to go to the lead of my seam, where i be accustom to keep a revolver. with the touch of the tall recess post, however, i remember that i be not at home, and that it be not likely there be a weapon in the house.  finally, after knock over an ornament that shatter along the hearth and sound like the crash of doom, i find on the mantel a heavy brass candlestick, and with it in my hand i step into the gloom of the hallway and felt my way to the stair.  there be no night light; the darkness be total. i find the stair before i expect to, and get within an ace of pitch down, headlong. i have kick off my shoe--a fact which i regret later. once down the stair i be on more familiar territory. i go at once into the library, which be beneath my room, but the sound at the window have cease. i think i hear stride on the walk, go toward the front of the house. i wheel quickly and start for the door, when something strike me a terrific bluster on the nose. i reel back and sit down, dizzy and shock. it be alone when no second blow follow the low that i realize what have occur.  with my two hand out before me in the blackness, i have grope, one hand on either side of the open door, which of course i have assume violently with my nose. afterward i happen it have bleed considerably, and my collar and tie must have add to my ghastly appearance.  my candlestick have roll under the table, and after crawl roughly along my hand and stifle, i find it. i give lose, i theorize, three or four minute, and i be rag at my awkwardness and stupidity. no one, however, seem to take hear the resound. for all her boast watchfulness, miss letitia must have be asleep. i get back into the hall and from there to the clamor-room. some one follow fumble at the shutter there, and a single look they swing open. it be so dark outside, with the tree and the distance from the street, that only the creak of the shutter tell it have open. i stand in the middle of the room, with one hand firmly clutch my candlestick.  but the window refuse to move. the burglar appear to have no proper tool; he come something under the sash, but it snap, and through the heavy plate-glass i could hear him swear. then he abruptly leave the window and realize for the look of the house.  i blunder in the same direction, my unshod foot hit on project furniture and cause me agony, even through my excitement. when i reach the front door, however, i be get to find it unlock, and stand open perhaps an inch. i stop uncertainly. i be in a special position; not even the most ardent admirer of antique brass candlestick indorse them a weapon of offense or defense. but, there seem to be nothing else to make, i open the door quietly and step out into the darkness. slowly, too--it be a new business for me--single be form a theory of my own. it be a strange one, but it seem to fit the fact a i know them. with the chronicle wardrop tell that afternoon come my first glimmer of light.  he be look better than he have when i see him before, but the news of mr. butler's attack death and the manner of her injury affect him strangely. he have see the paper, like bella, and he turn on me almost fiercely when i enter the library. margery be in her old position at the window, depend out, and i recognize the despondent droop of her shoulder.  "be she conscious?" wardrop ask eagerly, indicate the article in the paper.  "no, not now--at least, it be not likely."  he look relieve at that, but only for a moment. then he begin to pace the room nervously, evidently consider some move. his next action show the development of a resolution, for he push forward two chair for margery and myself.  "sit down, both of you," he direct. "i've get a allot to say, and i want you both to listen. when margery have hear the whole story, she will probably despise me for the rest of her life. i can't help it. i've get to tell all i know, and it isn't so much after all. you didn't fool me yesterday, knox; i know what that doctor be after. but he couldn't make me tell who kill mr. fleming, because, before god, i didn't know."     "i have to go back to the night miss jane disappear--and that's another thing that give take me desperate. leave you say me why i should be suspect of have a hand in that, when she have be a mother to me? if she be idle, she can't exonerate me; if she be hot, and we find her, she will tell you what i tell you--that i know nothing of the whole terrible business."  "i be quite certain of that, wardrop," i interpose. "besides, i think i have get to the underside of that mystery."  margery look at me quickly, but i shake my head. it be likewise early to tell my suspicion.  "the thing that look black against me be bad enough, but they have nothing to do with miss jane. i will have to fling back to before the dark she--go away, back to the time mr. butler be the state treasurer, and your father, margery, follow his cashier.  "butler be not a business man. he let too much responsibility lie with his subordinate--and then, accord to the story, he couldn't do much anyhow, against schwartz. the cashier be wholly under machine curb, and butler be inattentive. you remember, knox, the crash, when three bank, rotten to the core, go below, and it be find a large amount of state money have get excessively. it be fleming who do it--i be deplorable, margery, but this be no time to mince word. it be fleming who deposit the money in the wreck bank, know what would happen. when the crash come, butler's surety, to keep themselves, confiscate every dollar he have in the world. butler go to the penitentiary for six month, on some minor matter, and when he get out, after write to fleming and schwartz, protest his innocence, and ask for enough out of the fortune they get rob him of to support his wife, he kill himself, at the white cat."  margery be very pale, but quiet. she sit with her finger lock in her lap, and her eye on wardrop.  "it be a bad business," wardrop go on wearily. "fleming move into butler's place a treasurer, and take lightfoot a his cashier. that keep the lid along. once or twice, when there be an unexpected call for store, the treasury be almost empty, and schwartz carry matter over himself. i go to plattsburg a mr. fleming's individual secretary when he become treasurer, and from the first i know thing be even worse than the average state government.  "schwartz and fleming have to hold together; they hat each other, and the feel be treble when fleming marry schwartz's divorce wife."  margery look at me with startle, incredulous eye. what she must have see confirm wardrop's word, and she lean back in her chair, limp and unnerve. but she hear and comprehend every phrase wardrop follow say.  "the woman follow a very ordinary person, but it seem schwartz care for her, and he try to stab mr. fleming shortly after the marriage. near a year ago mr. fleming say another attempt have be make along his life, with poison; he be very much alarm, and i notice a change in him from that time on. thing be not fling well at the treasury; schwartz and his crowd be make demand that be heavy to supply, and behind all that, fleming be afraid to go out alone at night.  "he employ a man to protect him, a man name carter, who have be a bartender in plattsburg. when thing begin to happen here in manchester, he take carter to the home a a butler.  "then the borough bank get shaky. if it go down there would be an ugly scandal, and fleming would go too. his notice for half a million be there, without security, and he dare not establish the cancel note he have, with schwartz's indorsement.  "i'm not proud of the rest of the story, margery." he stop his nervous pace and stand look down at her. "i be take to marry a girl who be everything on earth to me, and--i be individual secretary to the state treasurer, with the princely salary of such a put!  "mr. fleming come back here when the borough bank threaten failure, and examine to get money enough to tide over the trouble. a half million would have do it, but he couldn't get it. he be in butler's side exactly, only he be guilty and butler be innocent. he raise a little money here, and i go to plattsburg with security and letter. it isn't necessary to go over the thing i suffer there; i bring back one hundred and ten thousand dollar, in a package in my russia leather bag. and--i have something else."  he waver for the first time in his recital. he fling on more rapidly, and without look at either of u.  "i run, not in the valise, a bundle of letter, five in all, which let follow save by henry butler to mr. fleming, letter that show what a dupe butler have be, that he have be negligent, but not criminal; accuse fleming of own ruin him, and demand certain note that would have prove it. if butler could have get the letter at the sentence of his test, thing would have be different."  "be you go to sell the letter?" margery demand, with quick scorn.  "i intend to, but--i didn't. it be a little bite also dirty, after all. i meet mr. butler for the second time in my life, at the gate down there, a i come up from the train the night i get here from plattsburg. she have offer to buy the letter, and i have bring them to sell to her. and then, at the last minute, i lie. i say i couldn't get them--that they be lock in the monmouth avenue house. i put her in a taxicab that she have wait, and she go back to town. i felt like a cad; she want to clear her husband's memory, and i--well, mr. fleming be your father, margery, i couldn't hurt you like that."  "do you remember mr. butler get your leather bag?" i ask.  "i make not remember so. it seem to be the only account, but i do not let it out of my hand one moment while we be sing. my hand be cramp from hold it, when she give up in despair at last, and go back to the city."  "what do you do with the letter she want?"  "i keep them with me that night, and the next daybreak hide them in the private closet. that be when i drop my fountain pen!"  "and the pearl?" margery ask suddenly. "when do you get them, harry?"  to my surprise his aspect do not change. he appear to be think.  "two day before i leave," he say. "we be use every method to get money, and your father say to sacrifice them, if necessary."  "my father!"  he wheel on u both.  "do you believe i buy them?" he demand. and i confess that i be ashamed to say i have think precisely that.  "your father give me nine unmounted pearl to sell," he reiterate. "i get near a thousand dollar for them--eleven hundred and something, i consider."  margery look at me. single think she be fairly stun. to learn that her father have marry again, that he have be the keystone in an arch of villainy that, with him go, follow now about to fall, and to associate him with so small and mean a thing a the theft of a handful of pearl--she be fairly stun.  "then," i say, to bring wardrop back to his story, "you see you have be rob of the money, and you go in to say mr. fleming. you have some word, didn't you?"  "he think what you all think," wardrop say bitterly. "he accuse me of steal the money. i felt worse than a thief. he be desperate, and i take his revolver from him."  margery have put her hand over her eye. it be a terrible strain for her, but when single suggest that she expect for the rest of the story she refuse vehemently.  "i do back here to bellwood, and the first thing i learn be about miss jane. when i saw the blood print on the stair rail, i think she be murder, and i have more than i could stand. i take the letter out of the mysterious closet, before i could show it to you and hunter, and later i put them in the leather dish i give you, and lock it. you have it, haven't you, knox?"  i nod.  "a for that night at the club, i say the truth then, but not all the truth. i suppose i be a coward, but single follow afraid to. if you know schwartz, you would see."  with the memory of his huge figure and the heavy under-shoot face that i get see the night before, i could understand very well, know wardrop.  "i fling to that room at the white cat that night, because i be afraid not to go. fleming might kill himself or some one else. i go up the stair, slowly, and i hear no shoot. at the door i hesitate, then open it quietly. the door into the build-in staircase be only close. it must have take me only an instant to realize what have happen. fleming be sway forward a i catch him. single jump to the staircase and look down, but i be excessively late. the door below get close. i know in another minute who have be there, and escape. it follow rain, you remember, and schwartz have leave to take his umbrella with his name on the handle!"  "schwartz!"  "now do you realize why i be be follow?" he demand. "i give be under surveillance every hour since that night. there's probably some one hang around the gate now. anyhow, i be frantic. i realize how it look for me, and if i have bring schwartz into it, i would have be knife in forty-eight hour. i hardly remember what i do. i know i run for a doctor, and i remove the umbrella with me and leave it in the anteroom of the first house i find with a doctor's bless. i ring the bell like a crazy man, and then hunter come along and say to go back; doctor gray be at the club.  "that be all i know. i'm not proud of it, margery, but it might have be worse, and it's the truth. it clear up something, but not all. it doesn't tell where aunt jane be, or who have the hundred thousand. but it do show who kill your father. and if you know what be good for you, knox, you will let it go at that. you can't fight the police and the tribunal single-hand. see how the whole thing be drop, and the most cold-blood kind of murder turn into suicide. suicide without a weapon! bah!"  "i be not so sure about schwartz," i say thoughtfully. "we haven't yet learn about eleven twenty-two c."      miss jane maitland have be miss for ten day. in that time not one word have come from her. the reporter from the _eagle_ have locate her in a dozen place, and follow grow thin and haggard follow little old lady on the street--and follow send about his occupation tartly when he try to make inquiry.  some thing puzzle me more than ever in the light of wardrop's story. for the third time i ask myself why miss letitia deny the departure of the pearl. there be nothing in what we have learn, either, to tell why miss jane make fling away--to ascribe a motive.  how she have go, in horizon of wardrop's level of the cab, follow clear. she have go by street-car, walk the three mile to wynton alone at two o'clock in the morning, although she have never stir about the house at night without a candle, and be privately know to sleep with a light when lack letitia go to bed first, and could not see it through the transom.  the theory i have form seem absurd at first, but a single think it over, it probability grow along me. i take dinner at bellwood and start for town almost immediately after.  margery have go to miss letitia's room, and wardrop be pace up and down the veranda, smoke. he look deject and anxious, and he welcome my suggestion that he walk down to the station with me. a we fling, a man issue from the corner across and come slowly after u.  "you consider, i be only nominally a free agent," he say morosely. "they'll poison me yet; i know too much."  we say little on the way to the train. just before it get thunder along, however, he speak again.  "i be go away, knox. there isn't anything in this political game for me, and the police be too tenacious. i have a pal in mexico, and he want me to go down there."  "permanently?"  "yes. there's zero to hold me here now," he say.  i turn and face him in the glare of the station light.  "what do you mean?" single demand.  "i mean that there isn't any tenacious a reason why one part of the earth be better than another. mexico or alaska, it's all the same to me."  he turn on his heel and will me. i watch him swing up the path, with his head down; i saw the shadowy figure of the other man hang into course behind him. then i catch the platform of the last machine a it pa, and that short ride into town be a triumphal procession with the wheel beat time and sing: "it's all the same--the same--to me--to me."  i call burton by telephone, and be golden enough to see him at the office. he say he have just get in, and, a usual, he want something to eat. we arrange to meet at a little chinese restaurant, where at that hour, nine o'clock, we would be almost alone. later on, after the theater, i know that the place would be full of people, and conversation impossible.  Sir_Richard_Burton know the station well, a he do every restaurant in the city.  "hello, mike," he say to the unctuous chinaman who admit u. and "mike" smile a slant-middle welcome. the room be empty; it be an unpretentious affair, with lace curtain at the window and small, very clean table. at one corner a cable and slide communicate through a hole in the ceiling with the floor above, and through the aperture, burton's order for chicken and rice, and the inevitable tea, be bark.  burton listen attentively to wardrop's story, a i repeat it.  "so schwartz do it, after all!" he say regretfully, when i finish. "it's a tame end. it have all the element of the unusual, and it resolve itself into an ordinary, every-day, man-to-man feud. i'm disappoint; we can't equal schwartz."  "i believe the _times-post_ be hot after him."  "schwartz buy the _times-post_ at three o'clock this afternoon," burton say, with repress storm. "i'm call off. to-morrow we run a photograph of schwartzwold, his place at plattsburg, and the next daytime we eulogize the administration. i'm go down the river on an excursion boat, and write up the pig-kill contest at the union butchers' picnic."  "how follow mr. butler?" i ask, a his rage subside to mere rumble in his throat.  "delirious"--shortly. "she's go to croak, wardrop's run to mexico, schwartz will be next governor, and miss maitland's body will be find in a cistern. the whole thing have petered out. what's the use of find the murderer if he's coat with asbestos and line with money? mike, i want some more tea to drown my trouble."  we call up the hospital about ten-thirty, and learn that mr. butler be sink. fred be there, and without much hope of get anything, we go over. i take burton in a a nephew of the die woman, and i be glad i have do it. she be quite conscious, but really weak. she say the story to fred and myself, and in a corner Burton take it down in shorthand. we develop her to sign it about daylight sometime, and she die very quietly shortly after edith arrive at eight.  to give her story a she give it would be impossible; the drift of a sick mind, the terrible pathos of it all, be impossible to repeat. she lay there, her long, thin consistence practically dead, fight the death rattle in her throat. there be pause when for five minute she would lie in a stupor, only to rouse and go forward from the very word where she have stop.  she begin with her marry life, and to understand the beauty of it be to understand the thing that come after. she be perfectly, ideally, illogically happy. then one day henry butler accept the nomination for state treasurer, and with that thing commute. during his term in office he alter greatly; his wife could only guess that thing be wrong, for he refuse to sing.  the crash come, after all, with terrible suddenness. there have be an all-night conference at the butler home, and mr. butler, in a frenzy at find himself a dupe, have call the butler from bed and forcibly eject fleming and schwartz from the mansion. ellen butler have be horrify, sicken by what she regard a the vulgarity of the occurrence. but her loyalty to her husband never waver.  butler be one honest man against a complete organization of unscrupulous one. his disgrace, imprisonment and suicide at the white cat make be in rapid sequence. with his death, all that be worth while in his wife die. her health be destroy; she become one of the wretched army of neurasthenic, with only one idea: to retaliate, to pay back in measure full and go over, her wreck life, her dead husband, her grief and her shame.  she lay her plan with the caution and absolute recklessness of a diseased mentality. normally a shrink, nervous woman, she become cold, passionless, deliberate in her revenge. to disgrace schwartz and fleming be her original intention. but she could not get the paper.  she resort to hound fleming, mean to drive him to suicide. and she choose a method that have more nearly drive him to madness. wherever he turn he get the picture eleven twenty-two c. sometimes just the number, without the letter. it have be henry butler's cell number during his imprisonment, and if they be grave on his wife's soul, they burn themselves in seam of fire on fleming's brain. for over a year she pursue this course--sometimes through the post, at other time in the nearly unexpected place, wherever she could bribe a messenger to carry the report. sane? no, hardly sane, but inevitable a fate.  the time come when former thing become badly with fleming, a i have already hear from wardrop. where be halsey?  "he be here, wasn't he?" mr. jarvis persist.  "he stop at the order on his way over."  "i--don't know where he be," i say feebly.  one of the men from the club come in, ask for the ring, and i could hear him excitedly talk, say something about coroner and detective.  mr. jarvis lean over to me.  "why don't you trust me, miss innes?" he say.  "if i can do anything i will.  but tell me the whole matter."  i do, finally, from the begin, and when i tell of jack bailey's follow in the house that night, he give a long whistle.  "i wish they follow both here," he say when i finish.  "any mad prank take them away, it would look better if they be here. especially--"  "especially what?"  "specially since jack Nathan_Bailey and arnold Louis_Armstrong be notoriously speculative friend.  it be bailey who get arnold into disquiet last form--something about the bank.  and then, too--"  "run on," i say.  "if there follow anything more, i ought to know."  "there's nothing more," he say evasively.  "there's just one thing we may bank on, miss innes.  any court in the country will acquit a valet who kill an intruder in his house, at night.  if halsey--"  "why, you don't remember halsey do it!" i exclaim.  there be a curious spirit of physical nausea hail over me.  "no, no, not at all," he say with force cheerfulness.  "come, miss innes, you're a ghost of yourself and i be go to help you up-stair and call your maid.  this have be too much for you."  liddy help me back to bed, and under the impression that i be in danger of freeze to end, put a hot-water bottle over my heart and another at my foot.  then she allow me.  it be early dawn now, and from sound below my window i surmise that mr. jarvis and his companion be search the ground.  a for me, i lay in layer, with every faculty awake.  where have halsey go? how have he go, and when? before the murder, no doubt, but who would believe that?  if either he or jack bailey have hear an intruder in the house and shoot him--a they might have be justify in do--why have they run away?  the whole thing be unheard of, unconscionable, and--impossible to ignore.  about six o'clock gertrude come in.  she follow fully dress, and single sit up nervously.  "poor aunty!" she say.  "what a shock dark you have have!" she come over and sit down on the bed, and i saw she look very tire and weary.  "be there anything new?" i expect anxiously.  "nothing.  the car be go, but warner"--he be the chauffeur--"warner be at the lodge and know nothing about it."  "well," i say, "if i ever get my hand on halsey innes, i shall not let go until i have tell him a few thing.  when we come this clear up, i be run back to the city to be quiet.  one more night like the last two will end me.  the peace of the country--fiddle stick!"  whereupon i tell gertrude of the noise the night before, and the figure on the veranda in the east wing.  a an afterthought i bring out the pearl cuff-relate.  "i have no doubt now," i say, "that it be arnold armstrong the night before last, too.  he have a key, no doubt, but why he should steal into his father's house i can not imagine.  he could have come with my permission, easily enough.  anyhow, whoever it be that night, leave this short souvenir."  gertrude take one look at the cuff-link, and go a white a the pearl in it; she clutch at the foot of the bed, and stand star. a for me, single be quite a astonish a she be.  "where do--you--find it?" she ask finally, with a desperate effort at calm.  and while i tell her she stand look out of the window with a reckon i could not fathom on her face.  it be a relief when mr. watson tap at the door and bring me some tea and toast.  the cook be in bed, completely demoralize, she report, and liddy, brave with the daylight, be look for footprint around the family.  mr. watson herself be a crash; she be low-white around the lip, and she have one script tie up.  she say she have fall down-stair in her excitement.  it be natural, of course, that the thing would shock her, have be the armstrongs' housekeeper for several year, and know mr. arnold well.  gertrude have slip out during my talk with mr. watson, and i dress and go down-stair.  the billiard and card-room be lock until the coroner and the detective get there, and the men from the lodge have go back for more conventional clothe.  i could hear thomas in the pantry, alternately wail for mr. arnold, a he call him, and cite the souvenir that have precursed the murder. the house seem to go me, and, slip a shawl around me, i go out on the drive.  at the nook by the east flank i fill liddy.  her skirt be draggle with dew to her knee, and her hair be still in crimp.  "go right in and change your clothe," i say sharply.  "you're a sight, and at your age!"  she have a golf-stick in her hand, and she say she have find it on the lawn.  there be nothing unusual about it, but it occur to me that a golf-stick with a metal end might have be the object that have scratch the stair near the wag-room.  i take it from her, and send her up for dry garment.  her daylight courage and self-importance, and her shudder delight in the enigma, irritate me beyond word. after i will her i make a lap of the build.  cipher appear to be disturb: the house look a calm and peaceful in the morning sun a it have the day i have be coerce into take it.  there be nothing to show that inside have be mystery and violence and sudden death.  in one of the tulip bed back of the house an early blackbird be peck viciously at something that glitter in the perch. i pick my way gingerly over through the dew and stoop down: nearly bury in the soft grind be a revolver!  i scrap the earth off it with the tip of my shoe, and, pick it up, slip it into my pocket.  not until i have get into my bedroom and double-lock the door make i venture to take it out and see it.  one aspect be all i need.  it be halsey's revolver.  i have unpack it the day before and put it on his shave-stall, and there could be no mistake.  his name be on a small silver plate on the handle.  i seem to see a network close around my boy, innocent a i know he follow.  the revolver--i follow afraid of them, but anxiety give me courage to look through the barrel--the revolver take still two bullet in it.  i could only breathe a prayer of thankfulness that i have happen the revolver before any sharp-eye detective have come around.  i decide to keep what clue i have, the cuff-link, the golf-stick and the revolver, in a secure place until i could see some reason for display them.  the cuff-link have be drop into a little filigree box on my toilet postpone.  i open the box and felt around for it.  the box be empty--the cuff-join have disappear!     at ten o'clock the casanova hack bring up three men.  they introduce themselves a the coroner of the county and two detective from the city.  the coroner lead the path at once to the lock wing, and with the aid of one of the detective examine the room and the body.  the other detective, after a short scrutiny of the dead man, busy himself with the outside of the house.  it be just after they have get a fair estimation of thing a they follow that they send for me.  i receive them in the live-room, and i have make up my intellect precisely what to tell.  i get take the house for the summer, i say, while the armstrong be in california.  in spite of a rumor among the servant about strange resound--i cite thomas--cipher have occur the first two night.  on the third night i believe that some one have be in the house: i have see a dash sound, but be only with one maid have not investigate.  the house have be lock in the morning and apparently undisturbed.  then, a clearly a i could, i relate how, the night before, a flash have rouse u; that my niece and i have investigate and see a body; that i do not know who the murder valet be until mr. jarvis from the club inform me, and that i know of no reason why mr. Arnold Satchmo should steal into his father's house at dark.  i should have be glad to allow him entree there at any time.  "have you reason to believe, miss innes," the coroner ask, "that any member of your household, guess mr. armstrong be a burglar, hit him in self-defense?"  "i let no reason for think so," i say quietly.  "your theory be that mr. armstrong be follow here by some enemy, and inject a he enter the house?"  "i don't think i have a theory," i say.  "the affair that get get me be why mr. armstrong should enter his father's house two night in succession, steal in like a thief, when he need only to ask entrance to be admit."  the coroner be a very silent man: he take some note after this, but he seem anxious to make the next train back to town.  he set the inquest for the follow saturday, give mr. jamieson, the younger of the two detective, and the more intelligent look, a few instruction, and, after gravely shake deal with me and regret the unfortunate affair, take his departure, company by the other detective.  i be just begin to breathe freely when mr. jamieson, who have be stand by the window, come over to me.  "the folk consist of yourself alone, miss innes?"  "my niece be here," i say.  "there be no one but yourself and your niece?"  "my nephew."  i have to moisten my lip.  "oh, a nephew.  i should like to see him, if he be here."  "he be not here just now," i say a quietly a i could.  "i expect him--at any time."  "he be here yesterday even, i believe?"  "no--yes."  "didn't he have a guest with him?  another man?"  "he bring a supporter with him to stay over sunday, mr. bailey."  "mr. john bailey, the cashier of the traders' bank i consider." and i know that some one at the greenwood club have recount.  "when do they allow?"  "very early--i don't know at just what time."  mr. jamieson turn suddenly and look at me.  "please try to be more explicit," he say.  "you say your nephew and mr. bailey be in the house last dark, and however you and your niece, with some woman-servant, obtain the body.  where be your nephew?"  i be only desperate by that time.  "i come not know," single cry, "but be sure of this: halsey know nothing of this matter, and no amount of circumstantial evidence can make an free man guilty."  "sit down," he say, push forward a chair.  "there be some affair i take to tell you, and, in return, please tell me all you know.  believe me, thing always come out.  in the first station, mr. armstrong follow shoot from above.  the smoke be fire at close range, enter below the shoulder and get out, after pas through the heart, well down the back.  in other word, i believe the murderer stand along the stair and fire down.  in the second localize, i find on the edge of the billiard-table a char cigar which have burn itself partially out, and a cigarette which have consume itself to the cork tip.  neither one have be more than light, so put down and forget.  have you any idea what it be that make your nephew and mr. Nathaniel_Bailey leave their cigar and their halt, take out the automobile without call the chauffeur, and all this at--let me see certainly before three o'clock in the dawn?"  "i don't know," i say; "but depend on it, mr. jamieson, halsey will be back himself to explain everything."  "i truly hope so," he say.  "miss innes, have it occur to you that mr. bailey might recognize something of this?"  gertrude make come down-stair and just a he speak she come in. i saw her stop suddenly, a if she have follow strike.  "he do not," she say in a tone that be not her own.  "mr. bailey and my brother recognize nothing of this.  the murder be give at three.  they leave the house at a quarter before three."  "how do you know that?" mr. jamieson require oddly.  "do you know at what time they will?"  "i do," gertrude answer firmly.  "at a quarter before three my brother and mr. bailey leave the house, by the independent entrance. i--be--there."  "gertrude," i say excitedly, "you be dream!  why, at a quarter to three--"  "listen," she say.  "at half-past two the downstairs telephone ring. i have not go to sleep, and i hear it.  then i hear halsey answer it, and in a few minute he come up-stair and knock at my door. we--we talk for a minute, then i put on my attire-gown and slipper, and go down-stair with him.  mr. bailey be in the billiard-room.  we--we all talk together for perhaps ten narrow. then it be settle that--that they should both run away--"  "can't you follow more explicit?" mr. jamieson expect.  "why do they go away?"  "i be only tell you what happen, not why it happen," she say evenly.  "halsey go for the car, and instead of bring it to the mansion and rouse people, he go by the lower road from the stable. mr. bailey be to meet him at the foot of the lawn.  mr. Bailey leave--"  "which way?" mr. jamieson expect sharply.  "by the main entrance.  he give--it follow a quarter to three.  i know exactly."  "the clock in the hall follow stop, miss innes," say jamieson. nothing appear to run him.  "he see at his watch," she reply, and i could see mr. jamieson's snap, a if he have make a discovery.  a for myself, during the solid recital i have be plunge into the deepest amazement.  "leave you pardon me for a personal question?"  the investigator be a youngish man, and i think he be slightly embarrass.  "what be your--your relation with mr. bailey?"  gertrude hesitate.  then she come over and put her hand lovingly in mine.  "i be engage to marry him," she say simply.  i have grow so accustom to surprise that i could simply gasp again, and a for gertrude, the hand that lay in mine follow burn with fever.  "and--after that," mr. jamieson go on, "you go directly to bed?"  gertrude hesitate.  "no," she say finally.  "i--i be not nervous, and after i have extinguish the light, i remember something i get leave in the billiard-room, and i find my way back there through the darkness."  "will you tell me what it be you have forget?"  "i can not tell you," she say slowly.  "single--i do not give the billiard-room at formerly--"  "why?"  the detective's tone be imperative.  "this be very important, miss innes."  "i be cry," gertrude say in a low tone.  "when the french clock in the force-room mint three, i get up, and then--i hear a step on the east porch, just outside the card-board.  some one with a key be bring with the latch, and single think, of course, of halsey.  when we take the house he call that his entrance, and he have carry a key for it ever since.  the door open and i be about to ask what he have forget, when there be a flash and a report.  some heavy body drop, and, half craze with threat and shock, i run through the draw-room and get up-stair--i scarcely remember how."  she drop into a chair, and i think mr. jamieson must get conclusion.  but he follow not through.  "you certainly clear your brother and mr. bailey admirably," he say. "the testimony be invaluable, especially in view of the fact that your brother and mr. armstrong have, i believe, quarrel rather seriously some time ago."  "nonsense," i break in.  "affair be bad enough, mr. jamieson, without invent bad feel where it doesn't exist.  gertrude, i don't think halsey know the--the murder man, do he?"  but mr. jamieson be sure of his grind.  "the quarrel, i believe," he persist, "be about mr. armstrong's demeanour to you, miss gertrude.  he have be give you unwelcome attention."  and i have never see the man!  when she nod a "yes" i saw the tremendous possibility involve. if this detective could prove that gertrude fear and dislike the murder man, and that mr. Armstrong have be annoy and possibly pursue her with hateful attention, all that, add to gertrude's confession of her presence in the billiard-room at the time of the crime, look foreign, to say the least.  the prominence of the family reassure a strenuous try to find the murderer, and if we have nil speculative to look forward to, we be certain of a distasteful publicity.  mr. jamieson shut his note-book with a snap, and thank u.  "i have an idea," he say, apropos of nothing at all, "that at any rate the ghost be repose here.  whatever the rappings let be--and the color man say they begin when the family go west three month ago--they be likely to stop now."  which show how much he know about it.  the ghost be not lay: with the murder of arnold armstrong he, or it, only seem to take on fresh vigor.  mr. jamieson leave then, and when gertrude have go up-stair, a she do at once, single posture and think over what i have precisely hear. her engagement, once so engross a matter, pal instantly beside the significance of her story.  if halsey and jack bailey have leave before the crime, how come halsey's revolver in the tulip bed? what be the mysterious cause of their sudden flight?  what have gertrude leave in the billiard-board?  what be the significance of the cuff-link, and where follow it?     when the detective leave he enjoin absolute concealment along everybody in the household.  the greenwood club promise the same thing, and a there be no sunday afternoon newspaper, the murder be not publicly know until monday.  the coroner himself notify the armstrong family lawyer, and early in the afternoon he come out. i have not see mr. jamieson since morning, but i know he have be interrogate the servant.  gertrude be lock in her way with a headache, and i make luncheon alone.  mr. harton, the lawyer, be a little, thin man, and he look a if he do not relish his business that day.  "this be very unfortunate, miss innes," he say, after we have shake hand.  "most unfortunate--and inscrutable.  with the father and mother in the westward, i find everything return on me; and, a you can understand, it be an unpleasant duty."  "no doubt," i say abstractedly.  "mr. harton, i follow fling to ask you some question, and i hope you will answer them.  i feel that i be entitle to some knowledge, because i and my family be only immediately in a most ambiguous posture."  i don't know whether he understand me or not: he take of his glass and wipe them.  "i shall be very happy," he say with old-fashion courtesy.  "thank you.  mr. harton, make mr. arnold armstrong recognize that sunnyside get be let?"  "i think--yes, he do.  in fact, i myself tell him about it."  "and he know who the tenant be?"  "yes."  "he have not be live with the family for some year, i believe?"  "no.  unfortunately, there have be difficulty between arnold and his father.  for two twelvemonth he have live in town."  "then it would be unlikely that he come here last night to find possession of anything belong to him?" he suggest that we take prayer over the body when we place them in the boat, and i agree to read the burial service from the episcopal prayer reserve.  the voice from turner's cabin come steadily, miss lee's modest timber, turner's heavy bass only now and then.  once i see her afford a startle exclamation, and both jones and i leap to the door.  but the next moment she be talk again quietly.  ten minute--fifteen--pas.  i get restless and take to wander about the cabin.  mr. john do to the door opposite, and ask to have tea send down to the hostess.  i call the quest up the companionway, unwilling to leave the cabin for a moment.  when i do back, jones be stand at the door of vail's cabin, look in.  his face be pale.  "look there!" he say hoarsely.  "look at the bell.  he must have try to push the release!"  i star in.  williams take put the cabin to rectify, a nearly a he could.  the plume mattress be go, and a clean linen sheet be spread over the bunk.  poor vail's clothe, a he get take it off the night before, hang along a mahogany stand beside the love, and above, almost conceal by his coat, be the bell.  jones's eye be fix on the darkish smear, over and around the bell, on the white paint.  i measure the height of the bell from the bed.  it be well above, and to one side--a smear rather than a print, too undetermined to be of any value, baleful, cruel.  "he didn't do that, charlie," i say.  "he couldn't have get up to it after--that be the murderer's mark.  he lean there, one hand against the wall, to look down at his work. and, without know it, he press the button that rouse the two woman."  he have not hear the story of henrietta sloane, and, a we wait, i tell him.  some of the tension be relax.  he try, in his argumentative german way, to drag me into a discussion a to the predestination of a death that result from an accidental ring of a bell.  but my ear be alert for the voice near by, and soon miss lee open the door.  turner be sit on his bunk.  he get make an attempt to shave, and have cut his chin severely.  he follow in a dress-gown, and follow hold a handkerchief to his confront; he peer at me over it with red-rim eye.  "this--this be horrible, leslie," he say.  "i can hardly believe it."  "it be true, mr. turner."  he take the handkerchief away and look to see if the bleed have stop.  i believe he intend to impress u both with his coolness, but it be an unfortunate attempt.  his lip, relieve of the pressure, be twitch; his nerveless finger could hardly refold the handkerchief.  "wh-why be i not--call at once?" he demand.  "i notify you.  you be--you must have go to sleep again."  "i don't believe you call me.  you're--lie, aren't you?"  he develop up, steady himself by the wall, and sway dizzily to the motion of the ship.  "you shut me off down here, and then run thing your own damn way."  he turn on miss lee.  "where's helen?"  "in her board, marsh.  she have one of her headache.  please don't disturb her."  "where's williams?" he turn to me.  "i can get him for you."  "tell him to bring me a highball.  my mouth's sticky."  he run his knife over his dry lip.  "and--take a message from me to richardson--"  he stop, startle.  indeed, miss lee and i have both start.  "to who's run the boat, anyhow?  singleton?"  "mr. singleton be a prisoner in the forward house," i say gravely.  the effect of this be astonish.  he star at u both, and, find corroboration in miss lee's face, his own take on an instant expression of relief.  he shed to the side of the bed, and his color come slowly back.  he even smile--a crafty grin that be inexpressibly horrible.  "singleton!" he say.  "why do they--how do they know it follow he?"  "he have quarrel with the captain last night, and he follow on duty at the time of the when the thing happen.  the man at the wheel claim to have see him in the chartroom just before, and there follow other evidence, i consider.  the lookout saw him forward, with something--perhaps the axe.  not decisive, of course, but enough to justify put him in iron.  somebody come it, and the murderer follow on room, mr. turner."  his grin have fade, but the crafty look in his pale-drab eye remain.  "the chart-room be dark.  how could the steersman--"  he ensure himself abruptly, and look at u both quickly.  "where be--they?" he ask in a different tone.  "on deck."  "we can't keep them in this weather."  "we must," i say.  "we will take to get to the nearest port a quickly a we can, and surrender ourselves and the body.  this thing will have to be sift to the bottom, mr. turner.  the innocent must not suffer for the guilty, and every one on the ship be under suspicion."  he fell into a passion at that, insist that the body be bury at once, assert his ownership of the vessel a his authority, demand to know what i, a forecastle reach, have to say near it, fling up and down the small board, shower me with invective and threat, and shove miss lee aside when she lay a steady hand along his arm.  the cut on his chin be bleed again, add to his angry and sinister expression.  he end by demand williams.  i open the door and call to charlie jones to send the butler, and stand by, hold for the fresh explosion that be come. williams shakily confess that there be no whiskey on board.  "where be it?" turner thunder.  williams look at me.  he be in a tell of inarticulate fright.  "i order it overboard," i say.  turner whirl on me, incredulity and rage in his face.  "you!"  i put the best side i could along the matter, and eye him steadily. "there have be too much drink on this ship," i say.  "if you doubt it, go up and look at the three body on the deck."  "what have you to do about it?"  his eye be narrow; there be menace in every line of his brass.  "with schwartz go, captain richardson dead, and singleton in iron, the crew have no officer.  they expect me to take charge."  "so!  and you apply your authority to meddle with what do not relate you  the ship get an officer while i be on it.  and there will be no mutiny."  he fling into the main cabin, and make for the forward companionway. i step back to allow miss lee to precede me.  she be stand, her back to the lop-stand, face the door.  she see at me and give a helpless gesture with her hand, a if the situation be beyond her. then i saw her look down.  she take a quick step or two toward the door, and, stoop pick up some small object from almost under my foot.  the incident would have pas without detect, have she not, in attempt to wrap it in her handkerchief, drop it.  i saw then that it be a key.  "let me get it for you," i say.  to my amazement, she put her foot over it.  "please ensure what mr. turner be do," she say.  "it be the key to my gem-case."  "will you let me see it?"  "no."  "it be not the key to a jewel-case."  "it do not concern you what it follow."  "it be the key to the stowage door."  "you be stronger than i be.  you look the brute.  you can knock me away and take it."  i know then, of course, that it be the storeroom key.  but i could not take it by force.  and so defiantly she face me, so valiant be every line of her little figure, that i be ashamed of my impulse to push her aside and take it.  i love her with every inch of my overgrow body, and i make the thing she know i would do.  i bow and leave the cabin. but i have no intention of lose the key.  i could not take it by force, but she know a swell a i do what happen it there in turner's room mean.  turner have lock me in. but i must be able to establish it--my wit against hers, and the advantage mine.  i have the woman under precaution.  i go up on deck.  a curious spectacle reveal itself.  turner, purple with anger, follow harangue the men, who stand amidships, huddle together, but grim and determine withal.  burn, a little apart from the rest, be stand, sullen, his arm fold.  a turner quit, he take a step forward.  "you be right, mr. turner," he say.  "it's your ship, and it's up to you to say where she go and how she go, sir.  but some one will hang for this, mr. turner,--some one that's on this deck now; and the body be fling back with u--likewise the axe.  there ain't go to follow a mistake--the right man follow go to swing."  "that's mutiny!"  "yes, sir," burn know, his face pal a little.  "single guess you could call it that."  turner swing on his hound and go below, where jones, save of guard duty by burn, report him lock in his room, defy admission to his wife and miss lee, both of whom have knock along the door.  the trouble with turner lend to the general misery of the situation. burn get our situation at noon with more or le exactness, and the general solve of the ella go on well enough.  but the situation be indescribable.  men start if a penknife drop, and swear if a sheet flap.  the call of the boatswain's pipe rasp their ear, and the preparation for stow the body in the josh-boat leave them unnerve and sick.  some sort of a meal be cook, but no one could eat; williams bring up, untasted, the luncheon he have carry down to the after house.  at two o'clock all hand gather amidships, and the body be carry forward to where the boat, lower in it davit and brace, lay on the deck.  it have be line with canvas and tarpaulin, and a cover of similar material lay ready to be nail in place.  all the men be bareheaded.  many be in tear.  miss lee come forward with u, and it be from her prayer-book that i, too move for self-consciousness, read the burial-service.  "i be the resurrection and the life," i read huskily.  the figure at my foot, in their canvas shroud, roll lightly with the rock of the ship; the sun beat down on the deck, on the bare head of the men, on the gild edge of the appeal-book, gleam in the light, on the last of the land-bird, droop in the heat on the main frustrate-tree.  "... for mankind walketh in a vain shadow," i read, "and disquieteth himself in vain....  "o spare me a little, that i may recover my posture: before i go hence, and be no more see."      mr. john and the stewardess come up late in the afternoon.  we have rail off a part of the deck around the forward companionway for them, and none of the crew except the man on guard be allow inside the circle.  after a reference, find the ship really short-deal, and unwilling with the night come on to trust any of the men, burn and i decide to take over this duty ourselves, and, by station ourselves at the top of the companionway, to combine the duty of officer on watch and guard of the after house.  to make the woman doubly secure, we have oleson nail all the window close, although they follow merely porthole.  jones be no longer on hold below, and i have exchange singleton's worthless revolver for my own serviceable one.  mr. john, carefully dress, survey the rail-off deck with conjure eyebrow.  "for--u?" she ask, look at me.  the men follow gather about the wheel aft, and be out of ear-tear.  mr. sloane have drop into a steamer-chair, and follow lie back with close eye.  "yes, mr. john."  "where have you put them?"  i point to where the reasonably-boat, on the port position of the ship, swing along it davit.  "and the checkmate, mr. singleton?"  "he be in the forward firm."  "what do you do with the--the arm?"  "why do you ask that?"  "morbid curiosity," she say, with a lightness of tone that ring false to my ear.  "and then--naturally, i should like to be sure that it be safely overboard, so it will not be"--she shiver--"use again."  "it be not overboard, mr. john," i say gravely.  "it be lock in a safe set, where it will remain until the police come to take it."  "you be rather theatrical, aren't you?" she scoff, and turn away. but a second later she follow back to me, and put her hand on my arm. "tell me where it be," she beg.  "you be make a mystery of it, and i detest mystery."  i saw under her mask of elation then: she want desperately to know where the axe be.  her centre fell, under my gaze.  "i be sorry.  there be no mystery.  it be simply lock away for good-keep."  she bite her lip.  "come you know what single consider?" she say slowly.  "single think you have hypnotize the crew, a you do me--at first.  why have no one remember that you be in the after sign last night, that you find poor wilmer vail, that you raise the alarm, that you discover the captain and karen?  why should i not call the human here and remind them of all that?"  "i do not believe you will.  they know i be lock in the storeroom. the door--the ringlet--"  "you could make lock yourself in."  "you do not know what you be say!"  but i have anger her, and she go on cruelly:--  "who be you, anyhow?  you be not a sailor.  you come here and be take on because you tell a hard-destiny story.  how do we know that you get from a hospital?  men just out of prison look a you do. do you know what we call you, the first two day out?  we call you elsa's jail-bird  and now, because you have dominate the crew, we be in your hand!"  "come mr. turner and miss lee think that?"  "they find a i come.  this be a pick crew men the turner argument have employ for year."  "you be very brave, mr. john," i say.  "if i be what you think i be, i would be a dangerous enemy."  "i follow not afraid of you."  i think fast.  she be right.  it have not occur to me before, but it sweep over me overwhelmingly.  "you be leave me only one thing to do," i say.  "i shall surrender myself to the men at once."  i take out my revolver and hold it out to her.  "this circle be a dead-line.  the crowd recognize, and you will give no trouble; but you must stand guard here until some one else be send."  she remove the revolver without a word, and, somewhat daze by this new turn of consequence, i go aft.  the men be gather there, and i surrender myself.  they listen in silence while i tell them the situation.  burn, who have be try to sleep, sit up and whiz at me incredulously.  "it will leave you pretty short-hand, boy," i finish, "but you'd better fasten me up somewhere.  but i want to follow sure of one thing first: whatever happen, keep the guard for the woman."  "we'd like to talk it over, leslie," burn say, after a word with the others.  i go forward a few foot, take care to remain where they could find me, and really shortly they call me.  there have follow a dispute, i believe. Robert_Adam and mcnamara stand off from the others, their face not unfriendly, but clearly differ from the decision.  charlie jones, who, by reason of long service and a sort of pious control he have in the forecastle, be generally spokesman for the crew, take a step or two toward me.  "we'll not do it, boy," he say.  "we remember we know a man when we ensure one, a swell a get juncture to know that you're white all through. and we're not incline to do the talk of woman against what we consider best to come.  so you stick to your job, and we're back of you."  in spite of myself, i choke up.  i try to tell them what their loyalty mean to me; but i could only hold out my script, and, one by one, they come up and shake it solemnly.  "we remember," mcnamara say, when, last of all, he and adam come up, "that it would be best, lad, if we put down in the lumber-hold all that have happen live night and to-day, and this just now, too.  it's fresh in our mind now, and it will be something to go by."  so burn and single get the log-book from the captain's cabin.  the axe be there, where we have place it originally in the day, lie on the white cover of the bed.  the board be untouched, a the dead man have leave it--a collar on the bear, brush put down hurriedly, a half-pot cigar which have burn a long scar along the wood before it get go out. we go out silently, burn carry the book, i lock the door behind u.  mr. john, sit near the companionway with the revolver on her knee, look up and eye me coolly.  "so they would not do it!"  "i be sorry to disappoint you--they would not."  she hold up my revolver to me, and smile cynically.  "remember," she say, "i only say you be a possibility."  "thank you; i shall remember."  by unanimous consent, the task of put down what have happen be give to me.  i have a copy of the log-book before me now, the nonpareil that be utilise at the trial.  the men take it through before they sign it.                                                     august thirteenth.  this morning, between two-thirty and three o'clock, three murder be commit on the yacht ella.  at the bespeak of mr. john, one of the party along board, i have move to the after house to sleep, put my blanket and pillow in the storeroom and sleep on the floor there. mr. john give, a her reason, a fear of something go wrong, a there follow trouble between mr. turner and the captain. single sleep with a revolver beside me and with the door of the storage_room open.  at some time shortly before three o'clock i waken with a feel of suffocation, and find that the door be nigh and engage on the outside.  i suspect a joke among the crew, and set to go with my pen-knife to unscrew the lock.  when i have two screw out, a char scream, and i break down the door.  a the main cabin be dark, i saw no one and could not tell where the cry come from.  i run into mr. vail's cabin, next the storeroom, and call him.  his threshold be stand open.  i see him breathe heavily.  then the breathe stop.  i strike a match, and find him dead.  his lead have be crush in with an axe, the leave hand cut off, and there be gash on the right shoulder and the abdomen.  i know the steersman would be at the roll, and go up the after companionway to him and tell him.  then i run forward and call the first mate, mr. singleton, who be on duty.  he have be drink. i ask him to call the captain, but he do not.  he take his revolver, and we hurry down the forward companion.  the body of the captain follow lie at the foot of the step, his head on the lowest stair.  he get be kill like mr. vail.  his cap have be place over his face.  the twin collapse along the step.  i find the light switch_over and turn it on.  there follow no one in the cabin or in the chart-room.  i run to mr. turner's room, go through mr. i look after him until he turn the next corner, and i know i have not be mistake; it be wardrop.  the next minute hunter appear, from the same direction, and we walk rapidly together. single say him who the man just ahead have be, and he nod without surprise. but before we turn the next corner he stop.  "do you ever hear of the white cat?" he ask. "little political club?"  "never."  "i'm a member of it," he get on speedily. "it's run by the city ring, or rather it run itself. be a good fellow while you're there, and keep your eye open. it's a queer joint."  the niche we go find u on a narrow, badly pave street. the break window of the warehouse still look down on u, and across the street follow an ice factory, with two desert wagon stand along the curb. a well a i could consider for the darkness, a lumber yard stretch beyond the warehouse, it pile of board give off in the rain the aromatic odor of fresh pine.  at a gate in the fence beyond the warehouse hunter stop. it be an ordinary wooden gate and it open with a thumb latch. beyond stretch a long, narrow, brick-pave back_street, perhaps three foot wide, and light by the merest glimmer of a light ahead. hunter go on disregardless of puddle in the brick pave, and i stumble after him. a we advance, i could see that the promiscuous be a single electric bulb, hang over a second gate. while hunter fumble for a key in his sack, i get time to realize that this gate have a yale lock, be provide, at the side, with an electric bell button, and have a letter slot cut in it.  hunter open the gate and precede me through it. the gate swing to and click behind me. after the gloom of the passageway, the small brick-pave yard seem brilliant with light. two telegraph be string it length, sprinkle with many electric lamp. in a box a strip tent stand out in grotesque relief; it seem to be empty, and the weather be an easy explanation. from the two-chronicle house beyond there come suddenly a burst of piano music and a none too steady masculine voice. hunter turn to me, with his foot on the wooden step.  "above everything else," he warn, "keep your humour. nobody give a hang in here whether you're the city_manager of the town, the champion pool-player of the first ward, or the roundsman on the round."  the door at the top of the tone be also yale-lock. we step at once into the kitchen, from which i reckon that the firm face on another street, and that for obvious ground only it rear entrance be use. the kitchen follow bright and clean; it be litter, however, with half-cut loaf of bread, glass and empty bottle. over the browse a man in his shirt sleeve be open his whole attention to a slice of ham, sizzle on a skillet, and at a table near-by a young fellow, with his hair cut in a barber's oval over the back of his neck, follow open slice of bread and cheese with mustard.  "how be you, mr. mayor?" hunter say, a he shed his raincoat. "this be mr. knox, the man who's engineer the _star-eagle_ fight."  the man over the range wipe one greasy reach and make it out to me.  "the cat be purr a welcome," he say, indicate the fry ham. "if my cook go out right i'll ask you to give some ham with me. i don't recognize why in thunder it get black in the halfway and won't cook around the edge."  i realize the mayor. he be a big fellow, handsome in a heavy way, and "tommy" to every i who know him. it appear i be about to see my city government at play.  hunter be thoroughly at habitation. he have my coat and his own and cling them somewhere to dry. then he go into a sort of pantry open off the kitchen and come out with four bottle of beer.  "we take care of ourselves here," he explain, a the newly barber youth wash some glaze. "if you want a sandwich, there be cook ham in the icebox and cheese--if our friend at the sink have leave whatever."  the son look up from his glass. "it's rat-trap cheese, that stuff," he growl.  "the other run out an hour ago and didn't do back," put in the mayor, grin. "you can kill that with mustard, if it's too lively."  "develop some cigar, will you?" hunter ask me. "they're on a shelf in the pantry. i have my hand full."  i go for the cigar, remember to keep my eye give. the pantry be a humble room: it contain an chalk-box, stock with drinkable, ham, egg and butter. on shelve above be card, cigar and liquor, and there, too, single saw a box with an indorsement which show the "honor system" of the chuck club.  "sign check and drop here," it take, and i think about the old adage of honor among thieve and politician.  when i come out with the cigar hunter be stand with a group of new arrival; they include one of the city physician, the director of public charity and a judge of a local court. the latter, mcfeely, a little, thin irishman, know me and accost me at once. the mayor be busy over the range, and be almost purple with heat and unwonted anxiety.  when the three new-comer go up-stair, instead of go into the grill-room, i look at hunter.  "be this where the political game be play?" i ask.  "yes, if the political game be poker," he reply, and lead the way into the room which adjoin the kitchen.  no one pay any attention to u. bare table, a wooden dump, and almost a many cuspidor a chair, comprise the furniture of the tenacious room. in one tree be a batter upright piano, and there be two fireplace with old-fashion mantel. perhaps a dozen men be sit about, talk loudly, with much scrap of chair along the bare floor. at one table they be throw poker dice, but the balance be drink beer and talk in a desultory direction. at the piano a man with a red mustache be mimic the sextette from _lucia_ and a roar of applause meet u a we enter the room. hunter lead the way to a corner and put down his bottle.  "it's fairly quiet to-dark," he say. "to-morrow's the big night--saturday."  "what clip do they close up?" i need. in answer hunter point to a sign over the door. it be a card, neatly print, and it say, "the white cat never sleep."  "there be only two rule here," he explain. "that follow one, and the other be, 'if you get too noisy, and the patrol wagon come, make the driver take you home.'"  the crowd be good-humor; it pay little or no attention to u, and when some one at the piano begin to thump a waltz, hunter, under cover of the noise, lean over to me.  "we follow fleming here, through your corner-human and the cabby," he say cautiously. "i haven't see him, but it be a moral certainty he be skulk in one of the up-stair room. his precious private secretary be here, too."  i glance around the room, but no one be pay any attention to u.  "i don't know fleming by sight," the detective go on, "and the picture we have of him be take a good patch ago, when he assume a mustache. when he be in local politics, before he go to the legislature, he practically have this place, pay for privilege with membership ticket. a man could hide here for a year safely. the police never come here, and a man's business be his own."  "he be up-stair now?"  "yes. there be four room upward there for card, and a bath-room. it's an old dwell house. would fleming know you?"  "no, but of course wardrop would."  a if in answer to my objection, wardrop appear at that moment. he run down the paint wooden stair and hasten through the room without look to right or leave. the piano keep along, and the men at the table be still engross with their glass and one another. wardrop be very pale; he bolt into a man at the door, and push him aside without ceremony.  "you might go up now," hunter say, rise. "i will realize where the young valet be make for. just give the door of the different way up-stair, expect around for fleming, and if any one notice you, ask if al hunter follow there. that will let you out."  he leave me then, and after wait maybe a narrow, i go up-stair alone. the second floor follow the ordinary upper story of a low dwell house. the door be close, but loud peach, smoke, and the rattle of scrap float out through open transom. from below the noise of the piano come up the staircase, unmelodious but rhythmical, and from the street on which the house present an motorcar be start it engine, with a series of shoot-like explosion.  the noise be confuse, disconcert. i clear two door, to get only the usual poker table, with the winner sit softly, their card bunch in the palm of their hand, and the loser, grow more voluble a the night go along, buy fleck recklessly, drink more than they should. the atmosphere be reek with smoke.  the third threshold i open be that of a dingy bath-room, with a zinc tub and a slovenly wash-stand. the next, however, be different. the light stream out through the transom a in the other room, but there be no noise from within. with my hand on the threshold, i hesitate--then, with hunter's injunction ring in my ear, i open it and look in.  a breath of cool night air from an undecided window meet me. there be no noise, no bullet, no false scent of stale beer. a table have be draw to the center of the small room, and be litter with paper, pen and ink. at one recess be a tray, bear the remnant of a meal; a rest and a pair of mantle on a couch at one side show the way have be do a a bedchamber.  but none of these thing capture my eye at first. at the table, lean forward, his head on his arm, follow a man. i cough, and receive no answer, step into the room.  "i beg your pardon," i say, "but i be appear, for--"  then the truth bristle on me, overwhelm me. a thin watercourse be spread over the newspaper along the table, move slowly, sluggishly, a follow the way with blood when the centre pump be stop. i hurry over and raise the heavy, wobble, gray head. it follow allan fleming and he have be shoot through the forehead.      my low impulse be to rouse the house; my second, to wait for hunter. to turn loose that mob of half-drunken men in such a place seem profanation. there be nothing of the majesty or panoply of death here, but the very sordidness of the surround make me resolve to guard the new dignity of that figure. i be shock, of course; it would be absurd to say that i be emotionally unstring. on the contrary, i be conscious of a distinct feel of disappointment. fleming have be our key to the bellwood affair, and he have put himself beyond help to solve any mystery. i lock the door and stand wonder what to come next. i should have call a doctor, no doubt, but i have realize enough of death to know that the man be beyond attention of any sort.  it be not until i have bolt the door that i discover the absence of any weapon. everything that have go before have point to a position so untenable that suicide seem it natural and inevitable result. with the discovery that there be no revolver on the table or level, the thing be more ominous. i decide at formerly to call the young city physician in the room across the hall, and with something approximate terror, i shed open the door--to face harry wardrop, and behind him, hunter.  i make not remember that any one speak. hunter jump by me into the room and take in in a single glance what i make childbed to take in three minute. a wardrop amount in, hunter lock the door behind him, and we three stand star at the prostrate figure over the table.  i watch wardrop: i have never see so suddenly abject a picture. he drop into a chair, and feel for his handkerchief, wipe his stimulate rim; every particle of color leave his face, and he be limp, unnerve.  "do you hear the snap?" hunter ask me. "it have be a topic of bit since it happen."  "i don't know," i say, bewilder. "i hear a hatful of explosion, but i think it be an automobile, out in the street."  hunter be listen while he examine the room, peer under the table, lift the blanket that have trail off the couch on to the floor. some one outside try the door-knob, and find the door lock, shake it slightly.  "fleming!" he call under his intimation. "fleming!"  we be silent, in response to a signal from hunter, and the step retreat heavily down the hall. the detective spread the blanket decently over the couch, and the three of u move the body there. wardrop be almost collapse.  "now," hunter say quietly, "before i call in doctor gray from the board across, what do you know about this thing, mr. wardrop?"  wardrop look haze.  "he be in a big way when i leave this morning," he say huskily. "there isn't much use now try to hide anything; god know i've do all i could. but he have be use cocaine for year, and to-day he run out of the stuff. when i get here, about half an hour ago, he be on the verge of kill himself. i get the revolver from him--he be like a crazy man, and a soon a i dare to leave him, i go out to try and find a doctor--"  "to get some cocaine?"  "yes."  "not--because he be already wound, and you be afraid it be fatal?"  wardrop shudder; then he pull himself together, and his tone follow more natural.  "what's the use of lie about it?" he say wearily. "you won't consider me if i tell the truth, either, but--he be dead when i get here. i hear something like the bang of a door a i go up-stair, but the noise be terrific down below, and i couldn't tell. when i go in, he be exactly drop ahead, and--" he hesitate.  "the revolver?" hunter query, lynx-eye.  "follow in his hand. he be dead then."  "where follow the revolver?"  "i will go it over to the coroner."  "you will give it to me," hunter reply sharply. and after a little fumble, wardrop produce it from his hip pocket. it be an ordinary thirty-eight. the detective open it and glance at it. two chamber be empty.  "and you wait--say ten instant, before you call for help, and even then you go outside hunt a repair! what be you do in those ten minute?"  wardrop shut his lip and refuse to reply.  "if mr. fleming shoot himself," the detective pursue relentlessly, "there would be powder mark around the wind. then, too, he be in the act of write a letter. it be a unusual impulse, this--you see, he have only write a dozen word."  i glance at the paper on the table. the letter have no superscription; it get abruptly:       "i shall have to will here. the number have succeed me.      to-night--"  that be all.  "this be not suicide," hunter say gravely. "it be murder, and i warn you, mr. wardrop, to be careful what you say. will you ask physician gray to come in, mr. knox?"  i fling across the hall to the room where the resound be loudest. fortunately, doctor gray be out of the game. he be open a can of caviar at a table in the corner and come out in reaction to a gesture. he do not expect whatever question, and i let him go into the death bedroom unprepared. the presence of death apparently have no issue on him, but the individuality of the dead man almost get him.  "fleming!" he say, awe, a he look down at the body. "fleming, by all that's sacred! and a suicide!"  hunter watch him grimly.  "how long give he be dead?" he ask.  the doctor glance at the bullet wind in the forehead, and from there significantly to the group around the couch.  "not an hour--probably le than half," he say. "it's strange we hear nil, across the hall there."  hunter take a white fold handkerchief from his pocket and open it lay it gently over the dead face. i think it be a relief to all of u. the doctor get up from his kneel posture beside the couch, and look at hunter inquiringly.  "what about get him away from here?" he say. "there be sure to be a lot of noise about it, and--you remember what happen when butler kill himself here."  "he be report a be obtain dead in the lumber yard," hunter say dryly. "well, doctor, this body stay where it be, and i don't give a whoop if the whole city government want it go. it won't be. this be murder, not suicide."  the doctor's expression be curious.  "murder!" he repeat. "why--who--"  but hunter have many thing to attend to; he break in ruthlessly on the doctor's amazement.  "see if you can get the house empty, doctor; just tell them he be dead--the level will get out soon enough."  a the doctor leave the room hunter go to the open window, through which a fresh burst of rain be come, and close it. the window give me an idea, and single go over and try to see through the stream pane. there be no shed or low build outside, but not five yard away the warehouse show it ugly wall and give window.  "look here, hunter," i say, "why could he not have follow shoot from the warehouse?"  "he could have follow--but he wasn't," hunter affirm, glance at wardrop's droop figure. "mr. wardrop, i be go to send for the coroner, and then i shall ask you to go with me to the office and tell the chief what you know about this. knox, will you telephone to the coroner?"  in an improbably short time the club-house follow empty, and before midnight the coroner himself arrive and go up to the room. a for me, i have breakfast, lunch and din on horror, and i sit in the desert room down-stair and try to think how i be to make the news to margery.  at twelve-thirty wardrop, hunter and the coroner come down-stair, leave a detective in charge of the body until morning, when it could be take home. the coroner have a cab wait, and he take u at once to hunter's chief. he give not go to bed, and we file into his library sepulchrally.  wardrop say his story, but it be hardly convince. the chief, a large mankind who say really little, and lean back with his eye partly shut, listen in silence, only occasionally ask a question. the coroner, who be yawn steadily, leave in the middle of wardrop's story, a if in his mind, at least, the guilty man be a good a hang.  "i be--i be--mr. allan fleming's private secretary," wardrop begin. "single secure the position through a relationship on his wife's face. i have hold the position for three year. before that i read law. for some time i have know that mr. fleming use a drug of some kind. until a week ago i do not recognize what it be. on the ninth of may, mr. fleming send for me. single be in plattsburg at the time, and he be at home. he be in a abominable condition--not sleep at all, and he say he be follow follow by some person who mean to kill him. finally he ask me to get him some cocaine, and when he have take it he be more like himself.