The 'no thoroughfare' sign is up."  She sat there for fifteen minutes, interrupted by occasional noisy excursions from the nursery, which resulted in her acquiring by degrees a lapful of broken wheels, three-legged horses and a live water beetle which the boys had found under the kitchen sink and imprisoned in a glass topped box, where, to its bewilderment, they were assiduously offering it dead and mangled flies. But our last five minutes were undisturbed, and the girl brought out with an effort the request she had tried to make all day.  "Whoever killed my father--and it was murder, Mr. Knox--whoever did it is going free to save a scandal. All my--friends"--she smiled bitterly--"are afraid of the same thing. But I can not sit quiet and think nothing can be done. I _must_ know, and you are the only one who seems willing to try to find out."  So it was, that, when I left the house a half hour later, I was committed. I had been commissioned by the girl I loved--for it had come to that--to clear her lover of her father's murder, and so give him back to her--not in so many words, but I was to follow up the crime, and the rest followed. And I was morally certain of two things--first, that her lover was not worthy of her, and second, and more to the point, that innocent or guilty, he was indirectly implicated in the crime.  I had promised her also to see Miss Letitia that day if I could, and I turned over the events of the preceding night as I walked toward the station, but I made nothing of them. One thing occurred to me, however. Bella had told Margery that I had been up all night. Could Bella--? But I dismissed the thought as absurd--Bella, who had scuttled to bed in a panic of fright, would never have dared the lower floor alone, and Bella, given all the courage in the world, could never have moved with the swiftness and light certainty of my midnight prowler. It had not been Bella.  But after all I did not go to Bellwood. I met Hunter on my way to the station, and he turned around and walked with me.  "So you've lain down on the case!" I said, when we had gone a few steps without speaking.  He grumbled something unintelligible and probably unrepeatable.  "Of course," I persisted, "being a simple and uncomplicated case of suicide, there was nothing in it anyhow. If it had been a murder, under peculiar circumstances--"  He stopped and gripped my arm.  "For ten cents," he said gravely, "I would tell the chief and a few others what I think of them. And then I'd go out and get full."  "Not on ten cents!"  "I'm going out of the business," he stormed. "I'm going to drive a garbage wagon: it's cleaner than this job. Suicide! I never saw a cleaner case of--" He stopped suddenly. "Do you know Burton--of the _Times-Post_?"  "No: I've heard of him."  "Well, he's your man. They're dead against the ring, and Burton's been given the case. He's as sharp as a steel trap. You two get together."  He paused at a corner. "Good-by," he said dejectedly. "I'm off to hunt some boys that have been stealing milk bottles. That's about my size, these days." He turned around, however, before he had gone many steps and came back.  "Wardrop has been missing since yesterday afternoon," he said. "That is, he thinks he's missing. We've got him all right."  I gave up my Bellwood visit for the time, and taking a car down-town, I went to the _Times-Post_ office. The Monday morning edition was already under way, as far as the staff was concerned, and from the waiting-room I could see three or four men, with their hats on, most of them rattling typewriters. Burton came in in a moment, a red-haired young fellow, with a short thick nose and a muggy skin. He was rather stocky in build, and the pugnacity of his features did not hide the shrewdness of his eyes.  I introduced myself, and at my name his perfunctory manner changed.  "Knox!" he said. "I called you last night over the 'phone."  "Can't we talk in a more private place?" I asked, trying to raise my voice above the confusion of the next room. In reply he took me into a tiny office, containing a desk and two chairs, and separated by an eight-foot partition from the other room.  "This is the best we have," he explained cheerfully. "Newspapers are agents of publicity, not privacy--if you don't care what you say."  I liked Burton. There was something genuine about him; after Wardrop's kid-glove finish, he was a relief.  "Hunter, of the detective bureau, sent me here," I proceeded, "about the Fleming case."  He took out his note-book. "You are the fourth to-day," he said. "Hunter himself, Lightfoot from Plattsburg, and McFeely here in town. Well, Mr. Knox, are you willing now to put yourself on record that Fleming committed suicide?"  "No," I said firmly. "It is my belief that he was murdered."  "And that the secretary fellow, what's his name?--Wardrop?--that he killed him?"  "Possibly."  In reply Burton fumbled in his pocket and brought up a pasteboard box, filled with jeweler's cotton. Underneath was a small object, which he passed to me with care.  "I got it from the coroner's physician, who performed the autopsy," he said casually. "You will notice that it is a thirty-two, and that the revolver they took from Wardrop was a thirty-eight. Question, where's the other gun?"  I gave him back the bullet, and he rolled it around on the palm of his hand.  "Little thing, isn't it?" he said. "We think we're lords of creation, until we see a quarter-inch bichloride tablet, or a bit of lead like this. Look here." He dived into his pocket again and drew out a roll of ordinary brown paper. When he opened it a bit of white chalk fell on the desk.  "Look at that," he said dramatically. "Kill an army with it, and they'd never know what struck them. Cyanide of potassium--and the druggist that sold it ought to be choked."  "Where did it come from?" I asked curiously. Burton smiled his cheerful smile.  "It's a beautiful case, all around," he said, as he got his hat. "I haven't had any Sunday dinner yet, and it's five o'clock. Oh--the cyanide? Clarkson, the cashier of the bank Fleming ruined, took a bite off that corner right there, this morning."  "Clarkson!" I exclaimed. "How is he?"  "God only knows," said Burton gravely, from which I took it Clarkson was dead.      Burton listened while he ate, and his cheerful comments were welcome enough after the depression of the last few days. I told him, after some hesitation, the whole thing, beginning with the Maitland pearls and ending with my drop down the dumb-waiter. I knew I was absolutely safe in doing so: there is no person to whom I would rather tell a secret than a newspaper man. He will go out of his way to keep it: he will lock it in the depths of his bosom, and keep it until seventy times seven. Also, you may threaten the rack or offer a larger salary, the seal does not come off his lips until the word is given. If then he makes a scarehead of it, and gets in three columns of space and as many photographs, it is his just reward.  So--I told Burton everything, and he ate enough beefsteak for two men, and missed not a word I said.  "The money Wardrop had in the grip--that's easy enough explained," he said. "Fleming used the Borough Bank to deposit state funds in. He must have known it was rotten: he and Clarkson were as thick as thieves. According to a time-honored custom in our land of the brave and home of the free, a state treasurer who is crooked can, in such a case, draw on such a bank without security, on his personal note, which is usually worth its value by the pound as old paper."  "And Fleming did that?"  "He did. Then things got bad at the Borough Bank. Fleming had had to divide with Schwartz and the Lord only knows who all, but it was Fleming who had to put in the money to avert a crash--the word crash being synonymous with scandal in this case. He scrapes together a paltry hundred thousand, which Wardrop gets at the capital, and brings on. Wardrop is robbed, or says he is: the bank collapses and Clarkson, driven to the wall, kills himself, just after Fleming is murdered. What does that sound like?"  "Like Clarkson!" I exclaimed. "And Clarkson knew Fleming was hiding at the White Cat!"  "Now, then, take the other theory," he said, pushing aside his cup. "Wardrop goes in to Fleming with a story that he has been robbed: Fleming gets crazy and attacks him. All that is in the morning--Friday. Now, then--Wardrop goes back there that night. Within twenty minutes after he enters the club he rushes out, and when Hunter follows him, he says he is looking for a doctor, to get cocaine for a gentleman up-stairs. He is white and trembling. They go back together, and find you there, and Fleming dead. Wardrop tells two stories: first he says Fleming committed suicide just before he left. Then he changes it and says he was dead when he arrived there. He produces the weapon with which Fleming is supposed to have killed himself, and which, by the way, Miss Fleming identified yesterday as her father's. But there are two discrepancies. Wardrop practically admitted that he had taken that revolver from Fleming, not that night, but the morning before, during the quarrel."  "And the other discrepancy?"  "The bullet. Nobody ever fired a thirty-two bullet out of a thirty-eight caliber revolver--unless he was trying to shoot a double-compound curve. Now, then, who does it look like?"  "Like Wardrop," I confessed. "By Jove, they didn't both do it."  "And he didn't do it himself for two good reasons: he had no revolver that night, and there were no powder marks."  "And the eleven twenty-two, and Miss Maitland's disappearance?"  He looked at me with his quizzical smile.  "I'll have to have another steak, if I'm to settle that," he said. "I can only solve one murder on one steak. But disappearances are my specialty; perhaps, if I have a piece of pie and some cheese--"  But I got him away at last, and we walked together down the street.  "I can't quite see the old lady in it," he confessed. "She hadn't any grudge against Fleming, had she? Wouldn't be likely to forget herself temporarily and kill him?"  "Good Lord!" I said. "Why, she's sixty-five, and as timid and gentle a little old lady as ever lived."  "Curls?" he asked, turning his bright blue eyes on me.  "Yes," I admitted.  "Wouldn't be likely to have eloped with the minister, or advertised for a husband, or anything like that?"  "You would have to know her to understand," I said resignedly. "But she didn't do any of those things, and she didn't run off to join a theatrical troupe. Burton, who do you think was in the Fleming house last night?"  "Lightfoot," he said succinctly.  He stopped under a street lamp and looked at his watch.  "I believe I'll run over to the capital to-night," he said. "While I'm gone--I'll be back to-morrow night or the next morning--I wish you would do two things. Find Rosie O'Grady, or whatever her name is, and locate Carter. That's probably not his name, but it will answer for a while. Then get your friend Hunter to keep him in sight for a while, until I come back anyhow. I'm beginning to enjoy this; it's more fun than a picture puzzle. We're going to make the police department look like a kindergarten playing jackstraws."  "And the second thing I am to do?"  "Go to Bellwood and find out a few things. It's all well enough to say the old lady was a meek and timid person, but if you want to know her peculiarities, go to her neighbors. When people leave the beaten path, the neighbors always know it before the families."  He stopped before a drug-store.  "I'll have to pack for my little jaunt," he said, and purchased a tooth-brush, which proved to be the extent of his preparations. We separated at the station, Burton to take his red hair and his tooth-brush to Plattsburg, I to take a taxicab, and armed with a page torn from the classified directory to inquire at as many of the twelve Anderson's drug-stores as might be necessary to locate Delia's gentleman friend, "the clerk," through him Delia, and through Delia, the mysterious Carter, "who was not really a butler."  It occurred to me somewhat tardily, that I knew nothing of Delia but her given name. A telephone talk with Margery was of little assistance: Delia had been a new maid, and if she had heard her other name, she had forgotten it.  I had checked off eight of the Andersons on my list, without result, and the taximeter showed something over nineteen dollars, when the driver drew up at the curb.  "Gentleman in the other cab is hailing you, sir," he said over his shoulder.  "The other cab?"  "The one that has been following us."  I opened the door and glanced behind. A duplicate of my cab stood perhaps fifty feet behind, and from it a familiar figure was slowly emerging, carrying on a high-pitched argument with the chauffeur. The figure stopped to read the taximeter, shook his fist at the chauffeur, and approached me, muttering audibly. It was Davidson.  "That liar and thief back there has got me rung up for nineteen dollars," he said, ignoring my amazement. "Nineteen dollars and forty cents! He must have the thing counting the revolutions of all four wheels!"  He walked around and surveyed my expense account, at the driver's elbow. Then he hit the meter a smart slap, but the figures did not change.  "Nineteen dollars!" he repeated dazed. "Nineteen dollars and--look here," he called to his driver, who had brought the cab close, "it's only thirty cents here. Your clock's ten cents fast."  "But how--" I began.  "You back up to nineteen dollars and thirty cents," he persisted, ignoring me. "If you'll back up to twelve dollars, I'll pay it. That's all I've got." Then he turned on me irritably. "Good heavens, man," he exclaimed, "do you mean to tell me you've been to eight drug-stores this Sunday evening and spent nineteen dollars and thirty cents, and haven't got a drink yet?"  "Do you think I'm after a drink?" I asked him. "Now look here, Davidson, I rather think you know what I am after. If you don't, it doesn't matter. But since you are coming along anyhow, pay your man off and come with me. I don't like to be followed."  He agreed without hesitation, borrowed eight dollars from me to augment his twelve and crawled in with me.  "The next address on the list is the right one," he said, as the man waited for directions. "I did the same round yesterday, but not being a plutocrat, I used the street-cars and my legs. And because you're a decent fellow and don't have to be chloroformed to have an idea injected, I'm going to tell you something. There were eleven roundsmen as well as the sergeant who heard me read the note I found at the Fleming house that night. You may have counted them through the window. A dozen plain-clothes men read it before morning. When the news of Mr. Fleming's mur--death came out, I thought this fellow Carter might know something, and I trailed Delia through this Mamie Brennan. When I got there I found Tom Brannigan and four other detectives sitting in the parlor, and Miss Delia, in a blue silk waist, making eyes at every mother's son of them."  I laughed in spite of my disappointment. Davidson leaned forward and closed the window at the driver's back. Then he squared around and faced me.  "Understand me, Mr. Knox," he said, "Mr. Fleming killed himself. You and I are agreed on that. Even if you aren't just convinced of it I'm telling you, and--better let it drop, sir," Under his quiet manner I felt a threat: it served to rouse me.  "I'll let it drop when I'm through with it," I asserted, and got out my list of addresses.  "You'll let it drop because it's too hot to hold," he retorted, with the suspicion of a smile. "If you are determined to know about Carter, I can tell you everything that is necessary."  The chauffeur stopped his engine with an exasperated jerk and settled down in his seat, every line of his back bristling with irritation.  "I prefer learning from Carter himself."  He leaned back in his seat and produced an apple from the pocket of his coat.  "You'll have to travel some to do it, son," he said. "Carter left for parts unknown last night, taking with him enough money to keep him in comfort for some little time."  "Until all this blows over," I said bitterly.  "The trip was for the benefit of his health. He has been suffering--and is still suffering, from a curious lapse of memory." Davidson smiled at me engagingly. "He has entirely forgotten everything that occurred from the time he entered Mr. Fleming's employment, until that gentleman left home. I doubt if he will ever recover."  With Carter gone, his retreat covered by the police, supplied with funds from some problematical source, further search for him was worse than useless. In fact, Davidson strongly intimated that it might be dangerous and would be certainly unpleasant. I yielded ungraciously and ordered the cab to take me home. But on the way I cursed my folly for not having followed this obvious clue earlier, and I wondered what this thing could be that Carter knew, that was at least surmised by various headquarters men, and yet was so carefully hidden from the world at large.  The party newspapers had come out that day with a signed statement from Mr. Fleming's physician in Plattsburg that he had been in ill health and inclined to melancholia for some time. The air was thick with rumors of differences with his party: the dust cloud covered everything; pretty soon it would settle and hide the tracks of those who had hurried to cover under its protection.  Davidson left me at a corner down-town. He turned to give me a parting admonition.  "There's an old axiom in the mills around here, 'never sit down on a piece of metal until you spit on it.' If it sizzles, don't sit." He grinned. "Your best position just now, young man, is standing, with your hands over your head. Confidentially, there ain't anything within expectorating distance just now that ain't pretty well het up."  He left me with that, and I did not see him again until the night at the White Cat, when he helped put me through the transom. Recently, however, I have met him several times. He invariably mentions the eight dollars and his intention of repaying it. Unfortunately, the desire and the ability have not yet happened to coincide.  I took the evening train to Bellwood, and got there shortly after eight, in the midst of the Sunday evening calm, and the calm of a place like Bellwood is the peace of death without the hope of resurrection.  I walked slowly up the main street, which was lined with residences; the town relegated its few shops to less desirable neighborhoods. My first intention had been to see the Episcopal minister, but the rectory was dark, and a burst of organ music from the church near reminded me again of the Sunday evening services.  Promiscuous inquiry was not advisable. So far, Miss Jane's disappearance was known to very few, and Hunter had advised caution. I wandered up the street and turned at random to the right; a few doors ahead a newish red brick building proclaimed itself the post-office, and gave the only sign of life in the neighborhood. It occurred to me that here inside was the one individual who, theoretically at least, in a small place always knows the idiosyncrasies of its people.  The door was partly open, for the spring night was sultry. I thought I heard something moving behind me in the cabin, and wheeled sharply, holding my revolver leveled.  The idea had come to me that the crew had mutinied, and that every one in the after house had been killed.  The idea made me frantic; I thought of the women, of Elsa Lee, and I was ready to kill.  "Where is the light switch?" I demanded of Singleton, who was still on the companion steps, swaying.  "I don't know," he said, and collapsed, sitting huddled just above the captain's body, with his face in his hands.  I saw I need not look to him for help, and I succeeded in turning on the light in the swinging lamp in the center of the cabin.  There was no sign of any struggle, and the cabin was empty.  I went back to the captain's body, and threw a rug over it.  Then I reached over and shook Singleton by the arm.  "Do something!" I raved.  "Call the crew.  Get somebody here, you drunken fool!"  He rose and staggered up the companionway, and I ran to Miss Lee's door.  It was closed and locked, as were all the others except Vail's and the one I had broken open.  I reached Mr. Turner's door last.  It was locked, and I got no response to my knock.  I remembered that his room and Vail's connected through a bath, and, still holding my revolver leveled, I ran into Vail's room again, this time turning on the light.  A night light was burning in the bath-room, and the door beyond was unlocked.  I flung it open and stepped in.  Turner was lying on his bed, fully dressed, and at first I thought he too had been murdered. But he was in a drunken stupor.  He sat up, dazed, when I shook him by the arm.  "Mr. Turner!" I cried.  "Try to rouse yourself, man!  The captain has been murdered, and Mr. Vail!"  He made an effort to sit up, swayed, and fell back again.  His face was swollen and purplish, his eyes congested.  He made an effort to speak, but failed to be intelligible.  I had no time to waste. Somewhere on the Ella the murderer was loose.  He must be found.  I flung out of Turner's cabin as the crew, gathered from the forecastle and from the decks, crowded down the forward companionway. I ran my eye over them.  Every man was there, Singleton below by the captain's body, the crew, silent and horror-struck, grouped on the steps: Clarke, McNamara, Burns, Oleson, and Adams.  Behind the crew, Charlie Jones had left the wheel and stood peering down, until sharply ordered back. Williams, with a bandage on his head, and Tom, the mulatto cook, were in the group.  I stood, revolver in hand, staring at the men.  Among them, I felt sure, was the murderer.  But which one?  All were equally pale, equally terrified.  "Boys," I said, "Mr. Vail and your captain have been murdered.  The murderer must be on the ship--one of ourselves."  There was a murmur at that.  "Mr. Singleton, I suggest that these men stay together in a body, and that no one be allowed to go below until all have been searched and all weapons taken from them."  Singleton had dropped into a chair, and sat with his face buried in his hands, his back to the captain's body.  He looked up without moving, and his face was gray.  "All right," he said.  "Do as you like.  I'm sick."  He looked sick.  Burns, who had taken Schwartz's place as second mate, left the group and came toward me.  "We'd better waken the women," he said.  "If you'll tell them, Leslie, I'll take the crew on deck and keep them there."  Singleton seemed dazed, and when Burns spoke of taking the men on deck, he got up dizzily.  "I'm going too," he muttered.  "I'll go crazy if I stay down here with that."  The rug had been drawn back to show the crew what had happened. I drew it reverently over the body again.  After the men had gone, I knocked at Mrs. Turner's door.  It was some time before she roused; when she answered, her voice was startled.  "What is it?"  "It's Leslie, Mrs. Turner.  Will you come to the door?"  "In a moment."  She threw on a dressing-gown, and opened the door.  "What is wrong?"  I told her, as gently as I could.  I thought she would faint; but she pulled herself together and looked past me into the cabin.  "That is--?"  "The captain, Mrs. Turner."  "And Mr. Vail?"  "In his cabin."  "Where is Mr. Turner?"  "In his cabin, asleep."  She looked at me strangely, and, leaving the door, went into her sister's room, next.  I heard Miss Lee's low cry of horror, and almost immediately the two women came to the doorway.  "Have you seen Mr. Turner?" Miss Lee demanded.  "Just now."  "Has Mrs. Johns been told?"  "Not yet."  She went herself to Mrs. Johns's cabin, and knocked.  She got an immediate answer, and Mrs. Johns, partly dressed, opened the door.  "What's the matter?" she demanded.  "The whole crew is tramping outside my windows.  I hope we haven't struck an iceberg."  "Adele, don't faint, please.  Something awful has happened."  "Turner!  He has killed some one finally!"  "Hush, for Heaven's sake!  Wilmer has been murdered, Adele--and the captain."  Mrs. Johns had less control than the other women.  She stood for an instant, with a sort of horrible grin on her face.  Then she went down on the floor, full length, with a crash.  Elsa Lee knelt beside her and slid a pillow under her head.  "Call the maids, Leslie," she said quietly.  "Karen has something for this sort of thing.  Tell her to bring it quickly."  I went the length of the cabin and into the chartroom.  The maids' room was here, on the port-side, and thus aft of Mrs. Turner's and Miss Lee's rooms.  It had one door only, and two small barred windows, one above each of the two bunks.  I turned on the chart-room lights.  At the top of the after companionway the crew had been assembled, and Burns was haranguing them.  I knocked at the maids' door, and, finding it unlocked, opened it an inch or so.  "Karen!" I called--and, receiving no answer: "Mrs. Sloane!" (the stewardess).  I opened the door wide and glanced in.  Karen Hansen, the maid, was on the floor, dead.  The stewardess, in collapse from terror, was in her bunk, uninjured.      I went to the after companionway and called up to the men to send the first mate down; but Burns came instead.  "Singleton's sick," he explained.  "He's up there in a corner, with Oleson and McNamara holding him."  "Burns," I said cautiously--"I've found another!"  "God, not one of the women!"  "One of the maids--Karen."  Burns was a young fellow about my own age, and to this point he had stood up well.  But he had been having a sort of flirtation with the girl, and I saw him go sick with horror.  He wanted to see her, when he had got command of himself; but I would not let him enter the room.  He stood outside, while I went in and carried out the stewardess, who was coming to and moaning.  I took her forward, and told the three women there what I had found.  Mrs. Johns was better, and I found them all huddled in her room.  I put the stewardess on the bed, and locked the door into the next room. Then, after examining the window, I gave Elsa Lee my revolver.  "Don't let any one in," I said.  "I'll put a guard at the two companionways, and we'll let no one down.  But keep the door locked also."  She took the revolver from me, and examined it with the air of one familiar with firearms.  Then she looked up at me, her lips as white as her face.  "We are relying on you, Leslie," she said.  And, at her words, the storm of self-contempt and bitterness that I had been holding in abeyance for the last half hour swept over me like a flood.  I could have wept for fury.  "Why should you trust me?" I demanded.  "I slept through the time when I was needed.  And when I wakened and found myself locked in the storeroom, I waited to take the lock off instead of breaking down the door!  I ought to jump overboard."  "We are relying on you," she said again, simply; and I heard her fasten the door behind me as I went out.  Dawn was coming as I joined the crew, huddled around the wheel. There were nine men, counting Singleton.  But Singleton hardly counted.  He was in a state of profound mental and physical collapse.  The Ella was without an accredited officer, and, for lack of orders to the contrary, the helmsman--McNamara now--was holding her to her course.  Burns had taken Schwartz's place as second mate, but the situation was clearly beyond him.  Turner's condition was known and frankly discussed.  It was clear that, for a time at least, we would have to get along without him.  Charlie Jones, always an influence among the men, voiced the situation as we all stood together in the chill morning air:  "What we want to do, boys," he said, "is to make for the nearest port. This here is a police matter."  "And a hanging matter," someone else put in.  "We've got to remember, boys, that this ain't like a crime on land. We've got the fellow that did it.  He's on the boat all right."  There was a stirring among the men, and some of them looked aft to where, guarded by the Swede Oleson, Singleton was sitting, his head in his hands.  "And, what's more," Charlie Jones went on, "I'm for putting Leslie here in charge--for now, anyhow.  That's agreeable to you, is it, Burns?"  "But I don't know anything about a ship," I objected.  "I'm willing enough, but I'm not competent."  I believe the thing had been discussed before I went up, for McNamara spoke up from the wheel.  "We'll manage that somehow or other, Leslie," he said.  "We want somebody to take charge, somebody with a head, that's all.  And since you ain't, in a manner of speaking, been one of us, nobody's feelings can't be hurt.  Ain't that it, boys?"  "That, and a matter of brains," said Burns.  "But Singleton?" I glanced aft.  "Singleton is going in irons," was the reply I got.  The light was stronger now, and I could see their faces.  It was clear that the crew, or a majority of the crew, believed him guilty, and that, as far as Singleton was concerned, my authority did not exist.  "All right," I said.  "I'll do the best I can.  First of all, I want every man to give up his weapons.  Burns!"  "Aye, aye."  "Go over each man.  Leave them their pocket-knives; take everything else."  The men lined up.  The situation was tense, horrible, so that the miscellaneous articles from their pockets--knives, keys, plugs of chewing tobacco, and here and there, among the foreign ones, small combs for beard and mustache unexpectedly brought to light, caused a smile of pure reaction.  Two revolvers from Oleson and McNamara and one nicked razor from Adams completed the list of weapons we found.  The crew submitted willingly.  They seemed relieved to have some one to direct them, and the alacrity with which they obeyed my orders showed how they were suffering under the strain of inaction.  I went over to Singleton and put my hand on his shoulder.  "I'm sorry, Mr. Singleton," I said, "but I'll have to ask you for your revolver."  Without looking at me, he drew it from his hip pocket and held it out. I took it: It was loaded.  "It's out of order," he said briefly.  "If it had been working right, I wouldn't be here."  I reached down and touched his wrist.  His pulse was slow and rather faint, his hands cold.  "Is there anything I can do for you?"  "Yes," he snarled.  "You can get me a belaying-pin and let me at those fools over there.  Turner did this, and you know it as well as I do!"  I slid his revolver into my pocket, and went back to the men. Counting Williams and the cook and myself, there were nine of us. The cook I counted out, ordering him to go to the galley and prepare breakfast. The eight that were left I divided into two watches, Burns taking one and I the other.  On Burns's watch were Clarke, McNamara, and Williams; on mine, Oleson, Adams, and Charlie Jones.  It was two bells, or five o'clock.  Burns struck the gong sharply as an indication that order, of a sort, had been restored.  The rising sun was gleaming on the sails; the gray surface of the sea was ruffling under the morning breeze.  From the galley a thin stream of smoke was rising.  Some of the horror of the night went with the darkness, but the thought of what waited in the cabin below was on us all.  I suggested another attempt to rouse Mr. Turner, and Burns and Clarke went below.  They came back in ten minutes, reporting no change in Turner's condition.  There was open grumbling among the men at the situation, but we were helpless.  Burns and I decided to go on as if Turner were not on board, until he was in condition to take hold.  We thought it best to bring up the bodies while all the crew was on duty, and then to take up the watches.  I arranged to have one man constantly on guard in the after house--a difficult matter where all were under suspicion.  Burns suggested Charlie Jones as probably the most reliable, and I gave him the revolver I had taken from Singleton. It was useless, but it made at least a show of authority. The rest of the crew, except Oleson, on guard over the mate, was detailed to assist in carrying up the three bodies.  Williams was taken along to get sheets from the linen room.  We brought the captain up first, laying him on a sheet on the deck and folding the edges over him.  It was terrible work.  Even I, fresh from a medical college, grew nauseated over it.  He was heavy. It was slow work, getting him up.  Vail we brought up in the sheets from his bunk. Of the three, he was the most mutilated.  The maid Karen showed only one injury, a smashing blow on the head, probably from the head of the axe.  For axe it had been, beyond a doubt.  I put Williams to work below to clear away every evidence of what had happened.  He went down, ashy-faced, only to rush up again, refusing to stay alone.  I sent Clarke with him, and instructed Charlie Jones to keep them there until the cabin was in order.  At three bells the cook brought coffee, and some of the men took it. I tried to swallow, but it choked me.  Burns had served as second mate on a sailing vessel, and thought he could take us back, at least into more traveled waters.  We decided to head back to New York.  I got the code book from the captain's cabin, and we agreed to run up the flag, union down, if any other vessel came in sight.  I got the code word for "Mutiny--need assistance," and I asked the mate if he would signal if a vessel came near enough.  But he turned sullen and refused to answer.  I find it hard to recap calmly the events of that morning: the three still and shrouded figures, prone on deck; the crew, bareheaded, standing around, eyeing each other stealthily, with panic ready to leap free and grip each of them by the throat; the grim determination, the reason for which I did not yet know, to put the first mate in irons; and, over all, the clear sunrise of an August morning on the ocean, rails and decks gleaming, an odor of coffee in the air, the joyous lift and splash of the bowsprit as the Ella, headed back on her course, seemed to make for home like a nag for the stable.  Surely none of these men, some weeping, all grieving, could be the fiend who had committed the crimes.  One by one, I looked in their faces--at Burns, youngest member of the crew, a blue-eyed, sandy-haired Scot; at Clarke and Adams and Charlie Jones, old in the service of the Turner line; at McNamara, a shrewd little Irishman; at Oleson the Swede.  And, in spite of myself, I could not help comparing them with the heavy-shouldered, sodden-faced man below in his cabin, the owner of the ship.  One explanation came to me, and I leaped at it--the possibility of a stowaway hidden in the hold, some maniacal fugitive who had found in the little cargo boat's empty hull ample room to hide.  The men, too, seized at the idea.  One and all volunteered for what might prove to be a dangerous service.  I chose Charlie Jones and Clarke as being most familiar with the ship, and we went down into the hold.  Clarke carried a lantern.  Charlie Jones held Singleton's broken revolver.  I carried a belaying pin. But, although we searched every foot of space, we found nothing.  The formaldehyde with which Turner had fumigated the ship clung here tenaciously, and, mixed with the odors of bilge water and the indescribable heavy smells left by tropical cargoes, made me dizzy and ill.  We were stumbling along, Clarke with the lantern, I next, and Charlie Jones behind, on our way to the ladder again, when I received a stunning blow on the back of the head.  I turned dizzy, expecting nothing less than sudden death, when it developed that Jones, having stumbled over a loose plank, had fallen forward, the revolver in his outstretched hand striking my head.  He picked himself up sheepishly, and we went on.  But so unnerved was I by this fresh shock that it was a moment or two before I could essay the ladder.  Burns was waiting at the hatchway, peering down.  Beside him on the deck lay a bloodstained axe.  Elsa Lee, on hearing the story of Henrietta Sloane, had gone to the maids' cabin, and had found it where it had been flung into the berth of the stewardess.      But, after all, the story of Henrietta Sloane only added to the mystery.  She told it to me, sitting propped in a chair in Mrs. Johns's room, her face white, her lips dry and twitching.  The crew were making such breakfast as they could on deck, and Mr. Turner was still in a stupor in his room across the main cabin.  The four women, drawn together in their distress, were huddled in the center of the room, touching hands now and then, as if finding comfort in contact, and reassurance.  "I went to bed early," said the stewardess; "about ten o'clock, I think.  Karen had not come down; I wakened when the watch changed. It was hot, and the window from our room to the deck was open.  There is a curtain over it, to keep the helmsman from looking in--it is close to the wheel.  The bell, striking every half-hour, does not waken me any more, although it did at first.  It is just outside the window.  But I heard the watch change.  I heard eight bells struck, and the lookout man on the forecastle head call, 'All's well.'  "I sat up and turned on the lights.  Karen had not come down, and I was alarmed.  She had been--had been flirting a little with one of the sailors, and I had warned her that it would not do.  She'd be found out and get into trouble.  "The only way to reach our cabin was through the chart-room, and when I opened the door an inch or two, I saw why Karen had not come down.  Mr. Turner and Mr. Singleton were sitting there.  They were--" She hesitated.  "Please go on," said Mrs. Turner.  "They were drinking?"  "Yes, Mrs. Turner.  And Mr. Vail was there, too.  He was saying that the captain would come down and there would be more trouble.  I shut the door and stood just inside, listening.  Mr. Singleton said he hoped the captain would come--that he and Mr. Turner only wanted a chance to get at him."  Miss Lee leaned forward and searched the stewardess's face with strained eyes.  "You are sure that he mentioned Mr. Turner in that?"  "That was exactly what he said, Miss Lee. She did not see Mrs. Ladley at the time, but heard her in the next room. They were apparently reconciled: Mrs. Pitman reports Mr. Ladley in high good humor. If the quarrel recommenced during the night, the other boarder, named Reynolds, in the next room, heard nothing. Mrs. Pitman was up and down until one o'clock, when she dozed off. She heard no unusual sound.  "'At approximately two o'clock in the morning, however, this Reynolds came to the room, and said he had heard some one in a boat in the lower hall. He and Mrs. Pitman investigated. The boat which Mrs. Pitman uses during a flood, and which she had tied to the stair-rail, was gone, having been cut loose, not untied. Everything else was quiet, except that Mrs. Ladley's dog had been shut in a third-story room.  "'At a quarter after four that morning Mrs. Pitman, thoroughly awake, heard the boat returning, and going to the stairs, met Ladley coming in. He muttered something about having gone for medicine for his wife and went to his room, shutting the dog out. This is worth attention, for the dog ordinarily slept in their room.'"  "What sort of a dog?" asked Mr. Howell. He had been listening attentively.  "A water-spaniel. 'The rest of the night, or early morning, was quiet. At a quarter after seven, Ladley asked for coffee and toast for one, and on Mrs. Pitman remarking this, said that his wife was not playing this week, and had gone for a few days' vacation, having left early in the morning.' Remember, during the night he had been out for medicine for her. Now she was able to travel, and, in fact, had started."  Mr. Howell was frowning at the floor. "If he was doing anything wrong, he was doing it very badly," he said.  "This is where I entered the case," said Mr. Holcombe, "I rowed into the lower hall this morning, to feed the dog, Peter, who was whining on the staircase. Mrs. Pitman was coming down, pale and agitated over the fact that the dog, shortly before, had found floating in the parlor down-stairs a slipper belonging to Mrs. Ladley, and, later, a knife with a broken blade. She maintains that she had the knife last night up-stairs, that it was not broken, and that it was taken from a shelf in her room while she dozed. The question is, then: Why was the knife taken? Who took it? And why? Has this man made away with his wife, or has he not?"  Mr. Howell looked at me and smiled. "Mr. Holcombe and I are old enemies," he said. "Mr. Holcombe believes that circumstantial evidence may probably hang a man; I do not." And to Mr. Holcombe: "So, having found a wet slipper and a broken knife, you are prepared for murder and sudden death!"  "I have more evidence," Mr. Holcombe said eagerly, and proceeded to tell what we had found in the room. Mr. Howell listened, smiling to himself, but at the mention of the onyx clock he got up and went to the mantel.  "By Jove!" he said, and stood looking at the mark in the dust. "Are you sure the clock was here yesterday?"  "I wound it night before last, and put the key underneath. Yesterday, before they moved up, I wound it again."  "The key is gone also. Well, what of it, Holcombe? Did he brain her with the clock? Or choke her with the key?"  Mr. Holcombe was looking at his note-book. "To summarize," he said, "we have here as clues indicating a crime, the rope, the broken knife, the slipper, the towel, and the clock. Besides, this scrap of paper may contain some information." He opened it and sat gazing at it in his palm. Then, "Is this Ladley's writing?" he asked me in a curious voice.  "Yes."  I glanced at the slip. Mr. Holcombe had just read from his note-book: "Rope, knife, slipper, towel, clock."  The slip I had found behind the wash-stand said "Rope, knife, shoe, towel. Horn--" The rest of the last word was torn off.  Mr. Howell was staring at the mantel. "Clock!" he repeated.      It was after four when Mr. Holcombe had finished going over the room. I offered to make both the gentlemen some tea, for Mr. Pitman had been an Englishman, and I had got into the habit of having a cup in the afternoon, with a cracker or a bit of bread. But they refused. Mr. Howell said he had promised to meet a lady, and to bring her through the flooded district in a boat. He shook hands with me, and smiled at Mr. Holcombe.  "You will have to restrain his enthusiasm, Mrs. Pitman," he said. "He is a bloodhound on the scent. If his baying gets on your nerves, just send for me." He went down the stairs and stepped into the boat. "Remember, Holcombe," he called, "every well-constituted murder has two things: a motive and a corpse. You haven't either, only a mass of piffling details--"  "If everybody waited until he saw flames, instead of relying on the testimony of the smoke," Mr. Holcombe snapped, "what would the fire loss be?"  Mr. Howell poled his boat to the front door, and sitting down, prepared to row out.  "You are warned, Mrs. Pitman," he called to me. "If he doesn't find a body to fit the clues, he's quite capable of making one to fill the demand."  "Horn--" said Mr. Holcombe, looking at the slip again. "The tail of the 'n' is torn off--evidently only part of a word. Hornet, Horning, Horner--Mrs. Pitman, will you go with me to the police station?"  I was more than anxious to go. In fact, I could not bear the idea of staying alone in the house, with heaven only knows what concealed in the depths of that muddy flood. I got on my wraps again, and Mr. Holcombe rowed me out. Peter plunged into the water to follow, and had to be sent back. He sat on the lower step and whined. Mr. Holcombe threw him another piece of liver, but he did not touch it.  We rowed to the corner of Robinson Street and Federal--it was before Federal Street was raised above the flood level--and left the boat in charge of a boy there. And we walked to the police station. On the way Mr. Holcombe questioned me closely about the events of the morning, and I recalled the incident of the burned pillow-slip. He made a note of it at once, and grew very thoughtful.  He left me, however, at the police station. "I'd rather not appear in this, Mrs. Pitman," he said apologetically, "and I think better along my own lines. Not that I have anything against the police; they've done some splendid work. But this case takes imagination, and the police department deals with facts. We have no facts yet. What we need, of course, is to have the man detained until we are sure of our case."  He lifted his hat and turned away, and I went slowly up the steps to the police station. Living, as I had, in a neighborhood where the police, like the poor, are always with us, and where the visits of the patrol wagon are one of those familiar sights that no amount of repetition enabled any of us to treat with contempt, I was uncomfortable until I remembered that my grandfather had been one of the first mayors of the city, and that, if the patrol had been at my house more than once, the entire neighborhood would testify that my boarders were usually orderly.  At the door some one touched me on the arm. It was Mr. Holcombe again.  "I have been thinking it over," he said, "and I believe you'd better not mention the piece of paper that you found behind the wash-stand. They might say the whole thing is a hoax."  "Very well," I agreed, and went in.  The police sergeant in charge knew me at once, having stopped at my house more than once in flood-time for a cup of hot coffee.  "Sit down, Mrs. Pitman," he said. "I suppose you are still making the best coffee and doughnuts in the city of Allegheny? Well, what's the trouble in your district? Want an injunction against the river for trespass?"  "The river has brought me a good bit of trouble," I said. "I'm--I'm worried, Mr. Sergeant. I think a woman from my house has been murdered, but I don't know."  "Murdered," he said, and drew up his chair. "Tell me about it."  I told him everything, while he sat back with his eyes half closed, and his fingers beating a tattoo on the arm of his chair.  When I finished he got up and went into an inner room. He came back in a moment.  "I want you to come in and tell that to the chief," he said, and led the way.  All told, I repeated my story three times that afternoon, to the sergeant, to the chief of police, and the third time to both the others and two detectives.  The second time the chief made notes of what I said.  "Know this man Ladley?" he asked the others. None of them did, but they all knew of Jennie Brice, and some of them had seen her in the theater.  "Get the theater, Tom," the chief said to one of the detectives.  Luckily, what he learned over the telephone from the theater corroborated my story. Jennie Brice was not in the cast that week, but should have reported that morning (Monday) to rehearse the next week's piece. No message had been received from her, and a substitute had been put in her place.  The chief hung up the receiver and turned to me. "You are sure about the clock, Mrs. Pitman?" he asked. "It was there when they moved up-stairs to the room?"  "Yes, sir."  "You are certain you will not find it on the parlor mantel when the water goes down?"  "The mantels are uncovered now. It is not there."  "You think Ladley has gone for good?"  "Yes, sir."  "He'd be a fool to try to run away, unless--Graves, you'd better get hold of the fellow, and keep him until either the woman is found or a body. The river is falling. In a couple of days we will know if she is around the premises anywhere."  Before I left, I described Jennie Brice for them carefully. Asked what she probably wore, if she had gone away as her husband said, I had no idea; she had a lot of clothes, and dressed a good bit. But I recalled that I had seen, lying on the bed, the black and white dress with the red collar, and they took that down, as well as the brown valise.  The chief rose and opened the door for me himself. "If she actually left town at the time you mention," he said, "she ought not to be hard to find. There are not many trains before seven in the morning, and most of them are locals."  "And--and if she did not, if he--do you think she is in the house--or--or--the cellar?"  "Not unless Ladley is more of a fool than I think he is," he said, smiling. "Personally, I believe she has gone away, as he says she did. But if she hasn't--He probably took the body with him when he said he was getting medicine, and dropped it in the current somewhere. But we must go slow with all this. There's no use shouting 'wolf' yet."  "But--the towel?"  "He may have cut himself, shaving. It _has_ been done."  "And the knife?"  He shrugged his shoulders good-naturedly.  "I've seen a perfectly good knife spoiled opening a bottle of pickles."  "But the slippers? And the clock?"  "My good woman, enough shoes and slippers are forgotten in the bottoms of cupboards year after year in flood-time, and are found floating around the streets, to make all the old-clothesmen in town happy. I have seen almost everything floating about, during one of these annual floods."  "I dare say you never saw an onyx clock floating around," I replied a little sharply. I had no sense of humor that day. He stopped smiling at once, and stood tugging at his mustache.  "No," he admitted. "An onyx clock sinks, that's true. That's a very nice little point, that onyx clock. He may be trying to sell it, or perhaps--" He did not finish.  I went back immediately, only stopping at the market to get meat for Mr. Reynolds' supper. It was after half past five and dusk was coming on. I got a boat and was rowed directly home. Peter was not at the foot of the steps. I paid the boatman and let him go, and turned to go up the stairs. Some one was speaking in the hall above.  I have read somewhere that no two voices are exactly alike, just as no two violins ever produce precisely the same sound. I think it is what they call the timbre that is different. I have, for instance, never heard a voice like Mr. Pitman's, although Mr. Harry Lauder's in a phonograph resembles it. And voices have always done for me what odors do for some people, revived forgotten scenes and old memories. But the memory that the voice at the head of the stairs brought back was not very old, although I had forgotten it. I seemed to hear again, all at once, the lapping of the water Sunday morning as it began to come in over the door-sill; the sound of Terry ripping up the parlor carpet, and Mrs. Ladley calling me a she-devil in the next room, in reply to this very voice.  But when I got to the top of the stairs, it was only Mr. Howell, who had brought his visitor to the flood district, and on getting her splashed with the muddy water, had taken her to my house for a towel and a cake of soap.  I lighted the lamp in the hall, and Mr. Howell introduced the girl. She was a pretty girl, slim and young, and she had taken her wetting good-naturedly.  "I know we are intruders, Mrs. Pitman," she said, holding out her hand. "Especially now, when you are in trouble."  "I have told Miss Harvey a little," Mr. Howell said, "and I promised to show her Peter, but he is not here."  I think I had known it was my sister's child from the moment I lighted the lamp. There was something of Alma in her, not Alma's hardness or haughtiness, but Alma's dark blue eyes with black lashes, and Alma's nose. Alma was always the beauty of the family. What with the day's excitement, and seeing Alma's child like this, in my house, I felt things going round and clutched at the stair-rail. Mr. Howell caught me.  "Why, Mrs. Pitman!" he said. "What's the matter?"  I got myself in hand in a moment and smiled at the girl.  "Nothing at all," I said. "Indigestion, most likely. Too much tea the last day or two, and not enough solid food. I've been too anxious to eat."  Lida--for she was that to me at once, although I had never seen her before--Lida was all sympathy and sweetness. She actually asked me to go with her to a restaurant and have a real dinner. I could imagine Alma, had she known! But I excused myself.  "I have to cook something for Mr. Reynolds," I said, "and I'm better now, anyhow, thank you. Mr. Howell, may I speak to you for a moment?"  He followed me along the back hall, which was dusk.  "I have remembered something that I had forgotten, Mr. Howell," I said. "On Sunday morning, the Ladleys had a visitor."  "Yes?"  "They had very few visitors."  "I see."  "I did not see him, but--I heard his voice." Mr. Howell did not move, but I fancied he drew his breath in quickly. "It sounded--it was not by any chance _you_?"  "I? A newspaper man, who goes to bed at three A.M. on Sunday morning, up and about at ten!"  "I didn't say what time it was," I said sharply.  But at that moment Lida called from the front hall.  "I think I hear Peter," she said. "He is shut in somewhere, whining."  We went forward at once. She was right. Peter was scratching at the door of Mr. Ladley's room, although I had left the door closed and Peter in the hall. I let him out, and he crawled to me on three legs, whimpering. Mr. Howell bent over him and felt the fourth.  "Poor little beast!" he said. "His leg is broken!"  He made a splint for the dog, and with Lida helping, they put him to bed in a clothes-basket in my up-stairs kitchen. It was easy to see how things lay with Mr. Howell. He was all eyes for her: he made excuses to touch her hand or her arm--little caressing touches that made her color heighten. And with it all, there was a sort of hopelessness in his manner, as if he knew how far the girl was out of his reach. Knowing Alma and her pride, I knew better than they how hopeless it was.  I was not so sure about Lida. I wondered if she was in love with the boy, or only in love with love. She was very young, as I had been. God help her, if, like me, she sacrificed everything, to discover, too late, that she was only in love with love!      Mr. Reynolds did not come home to dinner after all. The water had got into the basement at the store, he telephoned, one of the flood-gates in a sewer having leaked, and they were moving some of the departments to an upper floor. I had expected to have him in the house that evening, and now I was left alone again.  But, as it happened, I was not alone. Mr. Graves, one of the city detectives, came at half past six, and went carefully over the Ladleys' room. I showed him the towel and the slipper and the broken knife, and where we had found the knife-blade. He was very non-committal, and left in a half-hour, taking the articles with him in a newspaper.  At seven the door-bell rang. I went down as far as I could on the staircase, and I saw a boat outside the door, with the boatman and a woman in it. I called to them to bring the boat back along the hall, and I had a queer feeling that it might be Mrs. Ladley, and that I'd been making a fool of myself all day for nothing. But it was not Mrs. Ladley.  "Is this number forty-two?" asked the woman, as the boat came back.  "Yes."  "Does Mr. Ladley live here?"  "Yes. But he is not here now."  "Are you Mrs. Pittock?"  "Pitman, yes."  The boat bumped against the stairs, and the woman got out. She was as tall as Mrs. Ladley, and when I saw her in the light from the upper hall, I knew her instantly. It was Temple Hope, the leading woman from the Liberty Theater.  "I would like to talk to you, Mrs. Pitman," she said. "Where can we go?"  I led the way back to my room, and when she had followed me in, she turned and shut the door.  "Now then," she said without any preliminary, "where is Jennie Brice?"  "I don't know, Miss Hope," I answered.  We looked at each other for a minute, and each of us saw what the other suspected.  "He has killed her!" she exclaimed. "She was afraid he would do it, and--he has."  "Killed her and thrown her into the river," I said. "That's what I think, and he'll go free at that. It seems there isn't any murder when there isn't any corpse."  "Nonsense! If he has done that, the river will give her up, eventually."  "The river doesn't always give them up," I retorted. "Not in flood-time, anyhow. Or when they are found it is months later, and you can't prove anything."  She had only a little time, being due at the theater soon, but she sat down and told me the story she told afterward on the stand:  She had known Jennie Brice for years, they having been together in the chorus as long before as _Nadjy_.  "She was married then to a fellow on the vaudeville circuit," Miss Hope said. "Burns has the key around his neck."  Clarke, I think it was, went into the tent, and came out again directly.  "There's no key around his neck," he said gruffly.  "It may have slipped around under his back."  "It isn't there at all."  I ran into the tent, where Jones, having exhausted the resources of the injured man's clothing, was searching among the blankets on which he lay.  There was no key.  I went out to the men again, bewildered. The dawn had come, a pink and rosy dawn that promised another stifling day. It revealed the disarray of the deck--the basins, the old mahogany amputating-case with its lock plate of bone, the stained and reddened towels; and it showed the brooding and overcast faces of the men.  "Isn't it there?" I asked.  "Our agreement was for me to carry the key to Singleton's cabin and Burns the captain's."  Miss Lee, by the rail, came forward slowly, and looked up at me.  "Isn't it possible," she said, "that, knowing where the key was, some one wished to get it, and so--"  She indicated the tent and Burns.  I knew then.  How dull I had been, and stupid!  The men caught her meaning, too, and we tramped heavily forward, the girl and I leading.  The door into the captain's room was open, and the axe was gone from the bunk.  The key, with the cord that Burns had worn around his neck, was in the door, the string torn and pulled as if it had been jerked away from the unconscious man.  Later on we verified this by finding, on the back of Burns's neck an abraded line two inches or so in length.  It was a strong cord--the kind a sailor pins his faith to, and uses indiscriminately to hold his trousers or his knife.  I ordered a rigid search of the deck, but the axe was gone.  Nor was it ever found.  It had taken its bloody story many fathoms deep into the old Atlantic, and hidden it, where many crimes have been hidden, in the ooze and slime of the sea-bottom.  That day was memorable for more than the attack on Burns.  It marked a complete revolution in my idea of the earlier crimes, and of the criminal.  Two things influenced my change of mental attitude.  The attack on Burns was one.  I did not believe that Turner had strength enough to fell so vigorous a man, even with the capstan bar which we found lying near by.  Nor could he have jerked and broken the amberline. Mrs. Johns I eliminated for the same reason, of course.  I could imagine her getting the key by subtlety, wheedling the impressionable young sailor into compliance.  But force!  The second reason was the stronger.  Singleton, the mate, had become a tractable and almost amiable prisoner.  Like Turner, he was ugly only when he was drinking, and there was not even enough liquor on the Ella to revive poor Burns. He spent his days devising, with bits of wire, a ring puzzle that he intended should make his fortune.  And I believe he contrived, finally, a clever enough bit of foolery.  He was anxious to talk, and complained bitterly of loneliness, using every excuse to hold Tom, the cook, when he carried him his meals.  He had asked for a Bible, too, and read it now and then.  The morning of Burns's injury, I visited Singleton.  The new outrage, coming at a time when they were slowly recovering confidence, had turned the men surly.  The loss of the axe, the handle of which I had told them would, under skillful eyes, reveal the murderer as accurately as a photograph, was a serious blow. Again arose the specter of the innocent suffering for the guilty. They went doggedly about their work, and wherever they gathered there was muttered talk of the white figure.  There was grumbling, too, over their lack of weapons for defense.  The cook was a ringleader of the malcontents.  Certain utensils were allowed him; but he was compelled at night to lock them in the galley, after either Burns's inspection or mine, and to turn over the key to one of us.  On the morning after the attack, therefore, Tom, carrying Singleton's breakfast to him, told him at length what had occurred in the night, and dilated on his lack of self-defense should an attack be directed toward him.  Singleton promptly offered to make him, out of wire, a key to the galley door, so that he could get what he wanted from it.  The cook was to take an impression of the lock.  In exchange, Tom was to fetch him, from a hiding place which Singleton designated in the forward house, a bottle of whiskey.  The cook was a shrewd mulatto, and he let Singleton make the key. It was after ten that morning when he brought it to me.  I was trying to get the details of his injury from Burns, at the time, in the tent.  "I didn't see or hear anything, Leslie,"  Burns said feebly.  "I don't even remember being hit.  I felt there was some one behind me. That was all."  "There had been nothing suspicious earlier in the night?"  He lay thinking.  He was still somewhat confused.  "No--I think not.  Or--yes, I thought once I saw some one standing by the mainmast--behind it.  It wasn't."  "How long was Mrs. Johns on deck?"  "Not long."  "Did she ask you to do something for her?"  Pale as he was, he colored; but he eyed me honestly.  "Yes.  Don't ask me any more, Leslie.  It had nothing to do with this."  "What did she ask you to do?" I persisted remorselessly.  "I don't want to talk; my head aches."  "Very well.  Then I'll tell you what happened after I went off watch. No, I wasn't spying.  I know the woman, that's all.  She said you looked tired, and wouldn't it be all right if you sat down for a moment and talked to her."  "No; she said she was nervous."  "The same thing--only better.  Then she persisted in talking of the crime, and finally she said she would like to see the axe.  It wouldn't do any harm.  She, wouldn't touch it."  He watched me uneasily.  "She didn't either," he said.  "I'll swear to that, Leslie.  She didn't go near the bunk.  She covered her face with her hands, and leaned against the door.  I thought she was going to faint."  "Against the door, of course!  And got an impression of the key. The door opens in.  She could take out the key, press it against a cake of wax or even a cake of soap in her hand, and slip it back into the lock again while you--What were you doing while she was doing all that?"  "She dropped her salts.  I picked them up."  "Exactly!  Well, the axe is gone."  He started up on his elbow.  "Gone!"  "Thrown overboard, probably.  It is not in the cabin."  It was brutal, perhaps; but the situation was all of that.  As Burns fell back, colorless, Tom, the cook, brought into the tent the wire key that Singleton had made.  That morning I took from inside of Singleton's mattress a bunch of keys, a long steel file, and the leg of one of his chairs, carefully unscrewed and wrapped at the end with wire a formidable club.  One of the keys opened Singleton's door.  That was on Saturday.  Early Monday morning we sighted land.      We picked up a pilot outside the Lewes breakwater a man of few words. I told him only the outlines of our story, and I believe he half discredited me at first.  God knows, I was not a creditable object. When I took him aft and showed him the jolly-boat, he realized, at last, that he was face to face with a great tragedy, and paid it the tribute of throwing away his cigar.  He suggested our raising the yellow plague flag; and this we did, with a ready response from the quarantine officer.  The quarantine officer came out in a power-boat, and mounted the ladder; and from that moment my command of the Ella ceased.  Turner, immaculately dressed, pale, distinguished, member of the yacht club and partner in the Turner line, met him at the rail, and conducted him, with a sort of chastened affability, to the cabin.  Exhausted from lack of sleep, terrified with what had gone by and what was yet to come, unshaven and unkempt, the men gathered on the forecastle-head and waited.  The conference below lasted perhaps an hour.  At the end of that time the quarantine officer came up and shouted a direction from below, as a result of which the jolly-boat was cut loose, and, towed by the tug, taken to the quarantine station.  There was an argument, I believe, between Turner and the officer, as to allowing us to proceed up the river without waiting for the police.  Turner prevailed, however, and, from the time we hoisted the yellow flag, we were on our way to the city, a tug panting beside us, urging the broad and comfortable lines of the old cargo boat to a semblance of speed.  The quarantine officer, a dapper little man, remained on the boat, and busied himself officiously, getting the names of the men, peering at Singleton through his barred window, and expressing disappointment at my lack of foresight in having the bloodstains cleared away.  "Every stain is a clue, my man, to the trained eye," he chirruped. "With an axe, too!  What a brutal method!  Brutal!  Where is the axe?"  "Gone," I said patiently.  "It was stolen out of the captain's cabin."  He eyed me over his glasses.  "That's very strange," he commented.  "No stains, no axe!  You fellows have been mighty careful to destroy the evidence, haven't you?"  All that long day we made our deliberate progress up the river. The luggage from the after house was carried up on deck by Adams and Clarke, and stood waiting for the customhouse.  Turner, his hands behind him, paced the deck hour by hour, his heavy face colorless.  His wife, dark, repressed, with a look of being always on guard, watched him furtively.  Mrs. Johns, dressed in black, talked to the doctor; and, from the notes he made, I knew she was telling the story of the tragedy.  And here, there, and everywhere, efficient, normal, and so lovely that it hurt me to look at her, was Elsa. Williams, the butler, had emerged from his chrysalis of fright, and was ostentatiously looking after the family's comfort.  No clearer indication could have been given of the new status of affairs than his changed attitude toward me.  He came up to me, early in the afternoon, and demanded that I wash down the deck before the women came up.  I smiled down at him cheerfully.  "Williams," I said, "you are a coward--a mean, white-livered coward. You have skulked in the after house, behind women, when there was man's work to do.  If I wash that deck, it will be with you as a mop."  He blustered something about speaking to Mr. Turner and seeing that I did the work I was brought on board to do, and, seeing Turner's eye on us, finished his speech with an ugly epithet.  My nerves were strained to the utmost: lack of sleep and food had done their work. I was no longer in command of the Ella; I was a common sailor, ready to vent my spleen through my fists.  I knocked him down with my open hand.  It was a barbarous and a reckless thing to do.  He picked himself up and limped away, muttering.  Turner had watched the scene with his cold blue eyes, and the little doctor with his near-sighted ones.  "A dangerous man, that!" said the doctor.  "Dangerous and intelligent," replied Turner.  "A bad combination!"  It was late that night when the Ella anchored in the river at Philadelphia.  We were not allowed to land.  The police took charge of ship, crew, and passengers.  The men slept heavily on deck, except Burns, who developed a slight fever from his injury, and moved about restlessly.  It seemed to me that the vigilance of the officers was exerted largely to prevent an escape from the vessel, and not sufficiently for the safety of those on board.  I spoke of this, and a guard was placed at the companionway again.  Thus I saw Elsa Lee for the last time until the trial.  She was dressed, as she had been in the afternoon, in a dark cloth suit of some sort, and I did not see her until I had spoken to the officer in charge.  She turned, at my voice, and called me to join her where she stood.  "We are back again, Leslie."  "Yes, Miss Lee."  "Back to--what?  To live the whole thing over again in a courtroom! If only we could go away, anywhere, and try to forget!"  She had not expected any answer, and I had none ready.  I was thinking--Heaven help me--that there were things I would not forget if I could: the lift of her lashes as she looked, up at me; the few words we had had together, the day she had told me the deck was not clean; the night I had touched her hand with my lips.  "We are to be released, I believe," she said, "on our own--some legal term; I forget it."  "Recognizance, probably."  "Yes.  You do not know law as well as medicine?"  "I am sorry--no; and I know very little medicine."  "But you sewed up a wound!"  "As a matter of fact," I admitted, "that was my initial performance, and it is badly done.  It--it puckers."  She turned on me a trifle impatiently.  "Why do you make such a secret of your identity?" she demanded. "Is it a pose? Or--have you a reason for concealing it?"  "It is not a pose; and I have nothing to be ashamed of, unless poverty--"  "Of course not.  What do you mean by poverty?"  "The common garden variety sort.  I have hardly a dollar in the world. As to my identity,--if it interests you at all, I graduated in medicine last June.  I spent the last of the money that was to educate me in purchasing a dress suit to graduate in, and a supper by way of celebration.  The dress suit helped me to my diploma.  The supper gave me typhoid."  "So that was it!"  "Not jail, you see."  "And what are you going to do now?"  I glanced around to where a police officer stood behind us watchfully.  "Now?  Why, now I go to jail in earnest."  "You have been very good to us," she said wistfully.  "We have all been strained and nervous.  Maybe you have not thought I noticed or--or appreciated what you were doing; but I have, always.  You have given all of yourself for us.  You have not slept or eaten.  And now you are going to be imprisoned.  It isn't just!"  I tried to speak lightly, to reassure her.  "Don't be unhappy about that," I said.  "A nice, safe jail, where one may sleep and eat, and eat and sleep--oh, I shall be very comfortable! And if you wish to make me exceedingly happy, you will see that they let me have a razor."  But, to my surprise, she buried her face in her arms.  I could not believe at first that she was crying.  The policeman had wandered across to the other rail, and stood looking out at the city lights, his back to us.  I put my hand out to touch her soft hair, then drew it back.  I could not take advantage of her sympathy, of the hysterical excitement of that last night on the Ella.  I put my hands in my pockets, and held them there, clenched, lest, in spite of my will, I reach out to take her in my arms.      And now I come, with some hesitation, to the trial.  Hesitation, because I relied on McWhirter to keep a record.  And McWhirter, from his notes, appears to have been carried away at times by excitement, and either jotted down rows of unintelligible words, or waited until evening and made up his notes, like a woman's expense account, from a memory never noticeable for accuracy.  At dawn, the morning after we anchored, Charlie Jones roused me, grinning.  "Friend of yours over the rail, Leslie," he said.  "Wants to take you ashore!"  I knew no one in Philadelphia except the chap who had taken me yachting once, and I felt pretty certain that he would not associate Leslie the football player with Leslie the sailor on the Ella.  I went reluctantly to the rail, and looked down.  Below me, just visible in the river mist of the early morning, was a small boat from which two men were looking up.  One was McWhirter!  "Hello, old top," he cried.   "Or is it you behind that beard?"  "It's I, all right, Mac," I said, somewhat huskily.  What with seeing him again, his kindly face behind its glasses, the cheerful faith in me which was his contribution to our friendship,--even the way he shook his own hand in default of mine,--my throat tightened.  Here, after all, was home and a friend.  He looked up at the rail, and motioned to a rope that hung there.  "Get your stuff and come with us for breakfast," he said.  "You look as if you hadn't eaten since you left."  "I'm afraid I can't, Mac."  "They're not going to hold you, are they?"  "For a day or so, yes."  Mac's reply to this was a violent resume of the ancestry and present lost condition of the Philadelphia police, ending with a request that I jump over, and let them go to the place he had just designated as their abiding-place in eternity.  On an officer lounging to the rail and looking down, however, he subsided into a low muttering.  The story of how McWhirter happened to be floating on the bosom of the Delaware River before five o'clock in the morning was a long one--it was months before I got it in full.  Briefly, going home from the theater in New York the night before, he had bought an "extra" which had contained a brief account of the Ella's return.  He seems to have gone into a frenzy of excitement at once.  He borrowed a small car,--one scornfully designated as a "road louse,"--and assembled in it, in wild confusion, one suit of clothes for me, his own and much too small, one hypodermic case, an armful of newspapers with red scare-heads, a bottle of brandy, a bottle of digitalis, one police card, and one excited young lawyer, of the same vintage in law that Mac and I were in medicine.  At the last moment, fearful that the police might not know who I was, he had flung in a scrapbook in which he had pasted--with a glue that was to make his fortune--records of my exploits on the football field!  A dozen miles from Philadelphia the little machine had turned over on a curve, knocking all the law and most of the enthusiasm out of Walters, the legal gentleman, and smashing the brandy-bottle. McWhirter had picked himself up, kicked viciously at the car, and, gathering up his impedimenta, had made the rest of the journey by foot and street-car.  His wrath at finding me a prisoner was unbounded; his scorn at Walters, the attorney, for not confounding the police with law enough to free me, was furious and contemptuous.  He picked up the oars in sullen silence, and, leaning on them, called a loud and defiant farewell for the benefit of the officer.  "All right," he said.  "An hour or so won't make much difference. But you'll be free today, all right, all right.  And don't let them bluff you, boy.  If the police get funny, tackle them and throw 'em overboard, one by one.  You can do it."  He made an insulting gesture at the police, picked up his oars, and rowed away into the mist.  But I was not free, that day, nor for many days.  As I had expected, Turner, his family, Mrs. Johns, and the stewardess were released, after examination.  The rest of us were taken to jail.  Singleton as a suspect, the others to make sure of their presence at the trial.  The murders took place on the morning of August 12.  The Grand jury met late in September, and found an indictment against Singleton. The trial began on the 16th of November.  The confinement was terrible.  Accustomed to regular exercise as I was, I suffered mentally and physically. I had taken dinner at Bellwood before, and the memory was not hilarious. Miss Letitia was deaf, but chose to ignore the fact. With superb indifference she would break into the conversation with some wholly alien remark that necessitated a reassembling of one's ideas, making the meal a series of mental gymnastics. Miss Jane, through long practice, and because she only skimmed the surface of conversation, took her cerebral flights easily, but I am more unwieldy of mind.  Nor was Miss Letitia's dominance wholly conversational. Her sister Jane was her creature, alternately snubbed and bullied. To Miss Letitia, Jane, in spite of her sixty-five years, was still a child, and sometimes a bad one. Indeed, many a child of ten is more sophisticated. Miss Letitia gave her expurgated books to read, and forbade her to read divorce court proceedings in the newspapers. Once, a recreant housemaid presenting the establishment with a healthy male infant, Jane was sent to the country for a month, and was only brought back when the house had been fumigated throughout.  Poor Miss Jane! She met me with fluttering cordiality in the hall that night, safe in being herself for once, with the knowledge that Miss Letitia always received me from a throne-like horsehair sofa in the back parlor. She wore a new lace cap, and was twitteringly excited.  "Our niece is here," she explained, as I took off my coat--everything was "ours" with Jane; "mine" with Letitia--"and we are having an ice at dinner. Please say that ices are not injurious, Mr. Knox. My sister is so opposed to them and I had to beg for this."  "On the contrary, the doctors have ordered ices for my young nephews," I said gravely, "and I dote on them myself."  Miss Jane beamed. Indeed, there was something almost unnaturally gay about the little old lady all that evening. Perhaps it was the new lace cap. Later, I tried to analyze her manner, to recall exactly what she had said, to remember anything that could possibly help. But I could find no clue to what followed.  Miss Letitia received me as usual, in the back parlor. Miss Fleming was there also, sewing by a window, and in her straight white dress with her hair drawn back and braided around her head, she looked even younger than before. There was no time for conversation. Miss Letitia launched at once into the extravagance of both molasses and butter on the colored orphans' bread and after a glance at me, and a quick comprehension from my face that I had no news for her, the girl at the window bent over her sewing again.  "Molasses breeds worms," Miss Letitia said decisively. "So does pork. And yet those children think Heaven means ham and molasses three times a day."  "You have had no news at all?" Miss Fleming said cautiously, her head bent over her work.  "None," I returned, under cover of the table linen to which Miss Letitia's mind had veered. "I have a good man working on it." As she glanced at me questioningly, "It needed a detective, Miss Fleming." Evidently another day without news had lessened her distrust of the police, for she nodded acquiescence and went on with her sewing. Miss Letitia's monotonous monologue went on, and I gave it such attention as I might. For the lamps had been lighted, and with every movement of the girl across, I could see the gleaming of a diamond on her engagement finger.  "If I didn't watch her, Jane would ruin them," said Miss Letitia. "She gives 'em apples when they keep their faces clean, and the bills for soap have gone up double. Soap once a day's enough for a colored child. Do you smell anything burning, Knox?"  I sniffed and lied, whereupon Miss Letitia swept her black silk, her colored orphans and her majestic presence out of the room. As the door closed, Miss Fleming put down her sewing and rose. For the first time I saw how weary she looked.  "I do not dare to tell them, Mr. Knox," she said. "They are old, and they hate him anyhow. I couldn't sleep last night. Suppose he should have gone back, and found the house closed!"  "He would telephone here at once, wouldn't he?" I suggested.  "I suppose so, yes." She took up her sewing from the chair with a sigh. "But I'm afraid he won't come--not soon. I have hemmed tea towels for Aunt Letitia to-day until I am frantic, and all day I have been wondering over something you said yesterday. You said, you remember, that you were not a detective, that some men could take nineteen from thirty-five and leave nothing. What did you mean?"  I was speechless for a moment.  "The fact is--I--you see," I blundered, "it was a--merely a figure of speech, a--speech of figures is more accurate,--" And then dinner was announced and I was saved. But although she said little or nothing during the meal, I caught her looking across at me once or twice in a bewildered, puzzled fashion. I could fairly see her revolving my detestable figures in her mind.  Miss Letitia presided over the table in garrulous majesty. The two old ladies picked at their food, and Miss Jane had a spot of pink in each withered cheek. Margery Fleming made a brave pretense, but left her plate almost untouched. As for me, I ate a substantial masculine meal and half apologized for my appetite, but Letitia did not hear. She tore the board of managers to shreds with the roast, and denounced them with the salad. But Jane was all anxious hospitality.  "Please _do_ eat your dinner," she whispered. "I made the salad myself. And I know what it takes to keep a big man going. Harry eats more than Letitia and I together. Doesn't he, Margery?"  "Harry?" I asked.  "Mrs. Stevens is an unmitigated fool. I said if they elected her president I'd not leave a penny to the home. That's why I sent for you, Knox." And to the maid, "Tell Heppie to wash those cups in luke-warm water. They're the best ones. And not to drink her coffee out of them. She let her teeth slip and bit a piece out of one the last time."  Miss Jane leaned forward to me after a smiling glance at her niece across.  "Harry Wardrop, a cousin's son, and--" she patted Margery's hand with its ring--"soon to be something closer."  The girl's face colored, but she returned Miss Jane's gentle pressure.  "They put up an iron fence," Miss Letitia reverted somberly to her grievance, "when a wooden one would have done. It was extravagance, ruinous extravagance."  "Harry stays with us when he is in Manchester," Miss Jane went on, nodding brightly across at Letitia as if she, too, were damning the executive board. "Lately, he has been almost all the time in Plattsburg. He is secretary to Margery's father. It is a position of considerable responsibility, and we are very proud of him."  I had expected something of the sort, but the remainder of the meal had somehow lost its savor. There was a lull in the conversation while dessert was being brought in. Miss Jane sat quivering, watching her sister's face for signs of trouble; the latter had subsided into muttered grumbling, and Miss Fleming sat, one hand on the table, staring absently at her engagement ring.  "You look like a fool in that cap, Jane," volunteered Letitia, while the plates were being brought in. "What's for dessert?"  "Ice-cream," called Miss Jane, over the table.  "Well, you needn't," snapped Letitia, "I can hear you well enough. You told me it was junket."  "I said ice-cream, and you said it would be all right," poor Jane shrieked. "If you drink a cup of hot water after it, it won't hurt you."  "Fiddle," Letitia snapped unpleasantly. "I'm not going to freeze my stomach and then thaw it out like a drain pipe. Tell Heppie to put my ice-cream on the stove."  So we waited until Miss Letitia's had been heated, and was brought in, sicklied over with pale hues, not of thought, but of confectioners' dyes. Miss Letitia ate it resignedly. "Like as not I'll break out, I did the last time," she said gloomily. "I only hope I don't break out in colors."  The meal was over finally, but if I had hoped for another word alone with Margery Fleming that evening, I was foredoomed to disappointment. Letitia sent the girl, not ungently, to bed, and ordered Jane out of the room with a single curt gesture toward the door.  "You'd better wash those cups yourself, Jane," she said. "I don't see any sense anyhow in getting out the best china unless there's real company. Besides, I'm going to talk business."  Poor, meek, spiritless Miss Jane! The situation was absurd in spite of its pathos. She confided to me once that never in her sixty-five years of life had she bought herself a gown, or chosen the dinner. She was snubbed with painstaking perseverance, and sent out of the room when subjects requiring frank handling were under discussion. She was as unsophisticated as a child of ten, as unworldly as a baby, as--well, poor Miss Jane, again.  When the door had closed behind her, Miss Letitia listened for a moment, got up suddenly and crossing the room with amazing swiftness for her years, pounced on the knob and threw it open again. But the passage was empty; Miss Jane's slim little figure was disappearing into the kitchen. The older sister watched her out of sight, and then returned to her sofa without deigning explanation.  "I didn't want to see you about the will, Mr. Knox," she began without prelude. "The will can wait. I ain't going to die just yet--not if I know anything. But although I think you'd look a heap better and more responsible if you wore some hair on your face, still in most things I think you're a man of sense. And you're not too young. That's why I didn't send for Harry Wardrop; he's too young."  I winced at that. Miss Letitia leaned forward and put her bony hand on my knee.  "I've been robbed," she announced in a half whisper, and straightened to watch the effect of her words.  "Indeed!" I said, properly thunderstruck. I _was_ surprised. I had always believed that only the use of the fourth dimension in space would enable any one, not desired, to gain access to the Maitland house. "Of money?"  "Not money, although I had a good bit in the house." This also I knew. It was said of Miss Letitia that when money came into her possession it went out of circulation.  "Not--the pearls?" I asked.  She answered my question with another.  "When you had those pearls appraised for me at the jewelers last year, how many were there?"  "Not quite one hundred. I think--yes, ninety-eight."  "Exactly," she corroborated, in triumph. "They belonged to my mother. Margery's mother got some of them. That's a good many years ago, young man. They are worth more than they were then--a great deal more."  "Twenty-two thousand dollars," I repeated. "You remember, Miss Letitia, that I protested vigorously at the time against your keeping them in the house."  Miss Letitia ignored this, but before she went on she repeated again her cat-like pouncing at the door, only to find the hall empty as before. This time when she sat down it was knee to knee with me.  "Yesterday morning," she said gravely, "I got down the box; they have always been kept in the small safe in the top of my closet. When Jane found a picture of my niece, Margery Fleming, in Harry's room, I thought it likely there was some truth in the gossip Jane heard about the two, and--if there was going to be a wedding--why, the pearls were to go to Margery anyhow. But--I found the door of the safe unlocked and a little bit open--and ten of the pearls were gone!"  "Gone!" I echoed. "Ten of them! Why, it's ridiculous! If ten, why not the whole ninety-eight?"  "How do I know?" she replied with asperity. "That's what I keep a lawyer for: that's why I sent for you."  For the second time in two days I protested the same thing.  "But you need a detective," I cried. "If you can find the thief I will be glad to send him where he ought to be, but I couldn't find him."  "I will not have the police," she persisted inflexibly. "They will come around asking impertinent questions, and telling the newspapers that a foolish old woman had got what she deserved."  "Then you are going to send them to a bank?"  "You have less sense than I thought," she snapped. "I am going to leave them where they are, and watch. Whoever took the ten will be back for more, mark my words."  "I don't advise it," I said decidedly. "You have most of them now, and you might easily lose them all; not only that, but it is not safe for you or your sister."  "Stuff and nonsense!" the old lady said, with spirit. "As for Jane, she doesn't even know they are gone. I know who did it. It was the new housemaid, Bella MacKenzie. Nobody else could get in. I lock up the house myself at night, and I'm in the habit of doing a pretty thorough job of it. They went in the last three weeks, for I counted them Saturday three weeks ago myself. The only persons in the house in that time, except ourselves, were Harry, Bella and Hepsibah, who's been here for forty years and wouldn't know a pearl from a pickled onion."  "Then--what do you want me to do?" I asked. "Have Bella arrested and her trunk searched?"  I felt myself shrinking in the old lady's esteem every minute.  "Her trunk!" she said scornfully. "I turned it inside out this morning, pretending I thought she was stealing the laundry soap. Like as not she has them buried in the vegetable garden. What I want you to do is to stay here for three or four nights, to be on hand. When I catch the thief, I want my lawyer right by."  It ended by my consenting, of course. Miss Letitia was seldom refused. I telephoned to Fred that I would not be home, listened for voices and decided Margery Fleming had gone to bed. Miss Jane lighted me to the door of the guest room, and saw that everything was comfortable. Her thin gray curls bobbed as she examined the water pitcher, saw to the towels, and felt the bed linen for dampness. At the door she stopped and turned around timidly.  "Has--has anything happened to disturb my sister?" she asked. "She--has been almost irritable all day."  Almost!  "She is worried about her colored orphans," I evaded. "She does not approve of fireworks for them on the fourth of July."  Miss Jane was satisfied. I watched her little, old, black-robed figure go lightly down the hall. Then I bolted the door, opened all the windows, and proceeded to a surreptitious smoke.      The windows being wide open, it was not long before a great moth came whirring in. He hurled himself at the light and then, dazzled and singed, began to beat with noisy thumps against the barrier of the ceiling. Finding no egress there, he was back at the lamp again, whirling in dizzy circles until at last, worn out, he dropped to the table, where he lay on his back, kicking impotently.  The room began to fill with tiny winged creatures that flung themselves headlong to destruction, so I put out the light and sat down near the window, with my cigar and my thoughts.  Miss Letitia's troubles I dismissed shortly. While it was odd that only ten pearls should have been taken, still--in every other way it bore the marks of an ordinary theft. The thief might have thought that by leaving the majority of the gems he could postpone discovery indefinitely. But the Fleming case was of a different order. Taken by itself, Fleming's disappearance could have been easily accounted for. There must be times in the lives of all unscrupulous individuals when they feel the need of retiring temporarily from the public eye. But the intrusion into the Fleming home, the ransacked desk and the broken money drawer--most of all, the bit of paper with eleven twenty-two on it--here was a hurdle my legal mind refused to take.  I had finished my second cigar, and was growing more and more wakeful, when I heard a footstep on the path around the house. It was black outside; when I looked out, as I did cautiously, I could not see even the gray-white of the cement walk. The steps had ceased, but there was a sound of fumbling at one of the shutters below. The catch clicked twice, as if some thin instrument was being slipped underneath to raise it, and once I caught a muttered exclamation.  I drew in my head and, puffing my cigar until it was glowing, managed by its light to see that it was a quarter to two. When I listened again, the house-breaker had moved to another window, and was shaking it cautiously.  With Miss Letitia's story of the pearls fresh in my mind, I felt at once that the thief, finding his ten a prize, had come back for more. My first impulse was to go to the head of my bed, where I am accustomed to keep a revolver. With the touch of the tall corner post, however, I remembered that I was not at home, and that it was not likely there was a weapon in the house.  Finally, after knocking over an ornament that shattered on the hearth and sounded like the crash of doom, I found on the mantel a heavy brass candlestick, and with it in my hand I stepped into the gloom of the hallway and felt my way to the stairs.  There were no night lights; the darkness was total. I found the stairs before I expected to, and came within an ace of pitching down, headlong. I had kicked off my shoes--a fact which I regretted later. Once down the stairs I was on more familiar territory. I went at once into the library, which was beneath my room, but the sounds at the window had ceased. I thought I heard steps on the walk, going toward the front of the house. I wheeled quickly and started for the door, when something struck me a terrific blow on the nose. I reeled back and sat down, dizzy and shocked. It was only when no second blow followed the first that I realized what had occurred.  With my two hands out before me in the blackness, I had groped, one hand on either side of the open door, which of course I had struck violently with my nose. Afterward I found it had bled considerably, and my collar and tie must have added to my ghastly appearance.  My candlestick had rolled under the table, and after crawling around on my hands and knees, I found it. I had lost, I suppose, three or four minutes, and I was raging at my awkwardness and stupidity. No one, however, seemed to have heard the noise. For all her boasted watchfulness, Miss Letitia must have been asleep. I got back into the hall and from there to the dining-room. Some one was fumbling at the shutters there, and as I looked they swung open. It was so dark outside, with the trees and the distance from the street, that only the creaking of the shutter told it had opened. I stood in the middle of the room, with one hand firmly clutching my candlestick.  But the window refused to move. The burglar seemed to have no proper tools; he got something under the sash, but it snapped, and through the heavy plate-glass I could hear him swearing. Then he abruptly left the window and made for the front of the house.  I blundered in the same direction, my unshod feet striking on projecting furniture and causing me agonies, even through my excitement. When I reached the front door, however, I was amazed to find it unlocked, and standing open perhaps an inch. I stopped uncertainly. I was in a peculiar position; not even the most ardent admirers of antique brass candlesticks indorse them as weapons of offense or defense. But, there seeming to be nothing else to do, I opened the door quietly and stepped out into the darkness. Slowly, too--it was a new business for me--I was forming a theory of my own. It was a strange one, but it seemed to fit the facts as I knew them. With the story Wardrop told that afternoon came my first glimmer of light.  He was looking better than he had when I saw him before, but the news of Mrs. Butler's approaching death and the manner of her injury affected him strangely. He had seen the paper, like Bella, and he turned on me almost fiercely when I entered the library. Margery was in her old position at the window, looking out, and I knew the despondent droop of her shoulders.  "Is she conscious?" Wardrop asked eagerly, indicating the article in the paper.  "No, not now--at least, it is not likely."  He looked relieved at that, but only for a moment. Then he began to pace the room nervously, evidently debating some move. His next action showed the development of a resolution, for he pushed forward two chairs for Margery and myself.  "Sit down, both of you," he directed. "I've got a lot to say, and I want you both to listen. When Margery has heard the whole story, she will probably despise me for the rest of her life. I can't help it. I've got to tell all I know, and it isn't so much after all. You didn't fool me yesterday, Knox; I knew what that doctor was after. But he couldn't make me tell who killed Mr. Fleming, because, before God, I didn't know."     "I have to go back to the night Miss Jane disappeared--and that's another thing that has driven me desperate. Will you tell me why I should be suspected of having a hand in that, when she had been a mother to me? If she is dead, she can't exonerate me; if she is living, and we find her, she will tell you what I tell you--that I know nothing of the whole terrible business."  "I am quite certain of that, Wardrop," I interposed. "Besides, I think I have got to the bottom of that mystery."  Margery looked at me quickly, but I shook my head. It was too early to tell my suspicions.  "The things that looked black against me were bad enough, but they had nothing to do with Miss Jane. I will have to go back to before the night she--went away, back to the time Mr. Butler was the state treasurer, and your father, Margery, was his cashier.  "Butler was not a business man. He let too much responsibility lie with his subordinates--and then, according to the story, he couldn't do much anyhow, against Schwartz. The cashier was entirely under machine control, and Butler was neglectful. You remember, Knox, the crash, when three banks, rotten to the core, went under, and it was found a large amount of state money had gone too. It was Fleming who did it--I am sorry, Margery, but this is no time to mince words. It was Fleming who deposited the money in the wrecked banks, knowing what would happen. When the crash came, Butler's sureties, to save themselves, confiscated every dollar he had in the world. Butler went to the penitentiary for six months, on some minor count, and when he got out, after writing to Fleming and Schwartz, protesting his innocence, and asking for enough out of the fortune they had robbed him of to support his wife, he killed himself, at the White Cat."  Margery was very pale, but quiet. She sat with her fingers locked in her lap, and her eyes on Wardrop.  "It was a bad business," Wardrop went on wearily. "Fleming moved into Butler's place as treasurer, and took Lightfoot as his cashier. That kept the lid on. Once or twice, when there was an unexpected call for funds, the treasury was almost empty, and Schwartz carried things over himself. I went to Plattsburg as Mr. Fleming's private secretary when he became treasurer, and from the first I knew things were even worse than the average state government.  "Schwartz and Fleming had to hold together; they hated each other, and the feeling was trebled when Fleming married Schwartz's divorced wife."  Margery looked at me with startled, incredulous eyes. What she must have seen confirmed Wardrop's words, and she leaned back in her chair, limp and unnerved. But she heard and comprehended every word Wardrop was saying.  "The woman was a very ordinary person, but it seems Schwartz cared for her, and he tried to stab Mr. Fleming shortly after the marriage. About a year ago Mr. Fleming said another attempt had been made on his life, with poison; he was very much alarmed, and I noticed a change in him from that time on. Things were not going well at the treasury; Schwartz and his crowd were making demands that were hard to supply, and behind all that, Fleming was afraid to go out alone at night.  "He employed a man to protect him, a man named Carter, who had been a bartender in Plattsburg. When things began to happen here in Manchester, he took Carter to the home as a butler.  "Then the Borough Bank got shaky. If it went down there would be an ugly scandal, and Fleming would go too. His notes for half a million were there, without security, and he dared not show the canceled notes he had, with Schwartz's indorsement.  "I'm not proud of the rest of the story, Margery." He stopped his nervous pacing and stood looking down at her. "I was engaged to marry a girl who was everything on earth to me, and--I was private secretary to the state treasurer, with the princely salary of such a position!  "Mr. Fleming came back here when the Borough Bank threatened failure, and tried to get money enough to tide over the trouble. A half million would have done it, but he couldn't get it. He was in Butler's position exactly, only he was guilty and Butler was innocent. He raised a little money here, and I went to Plattsburg with securities and letters. It isn't necessary to go over the things I suffered there; I brought back one hundred and ten thousand dollars, in a package in my Russia leather bag. And--I had something else."  He wavered for the first time in his recital. He went on more rapidly, and without looking at either of us.  "I carried, not in the valise, a bundle of letters, five in all, which had been written by Henry Butler to Mr. Fleming, letters that showed what a dupe Butler had been, that he had been negligent, but not criminal; accusing Fleming of having ruined him, and demanding certain notes that would have proved it. If Butler could have produced the letters at the time of his trial, things would have been different."  "Were you going to sell the letters?" Margery demanded, with quick scorn.  "I intended to, but--I didn't. It was a little bit too dirty, after all. I met Mrs. Butler for the second time in my life, at the gate down there, as I came up from the train the night I got here from Plattsburg. She had offered to buy the letters, and I had brought them to sell to her. And then, at the last minute, I lied. I said I couldn't get them--that they were locked in the Monmouth Avenue house. I put her in a taxicab that she had waiting, and she went back to town. I felt like a cad; she wanted to clear her husband's memory, and I--well, Mr. Fleming was your father, Margery, I couldn't hurt you like that."  "Do you think Mrs. Butler took your leather bag?" I asked.  "I do not think so. It seems to be the only explanation, but I did not let it out of my hand one moment while we were talking. My hand was cramped from holding it, when she gave up in despair at last, and went back to the city."  "What did you do with the letters she wanted?"  "I kept them with me that night, and the next morning hid them in the secret closet. That was when I dropped my fountain pen!"  "And the pearls?" Margery asked suddenly. "When did you get them, Harry?"  To my surprise his face did not change. He appeared to be thinking.  "Two days before I left," he said. "We were using every method to get money, and your father said to sacrifice them, if necessary."  "My father!"  He wheeled on us both.  "Did you think I stole them?" he demanded. And I confess that I was ashamed to say I had thought precisely that.  "Your father gave me nine unmounted pearls to sell," he reiterated. "I got about a thousand dollars for them--eleven hundred and something, I believe."  Margery looked at me. I think she was fairly stunned. To learn that her father had married again, that he had been the keystone in an arch of villainy that, with him gone, was now about to fall, and to associate him with so small and mean a thing as the theft of a handful of pearls--she was fairly stunned.  "Then," I said, to bring Wardrop back to his story, "you found you had been robbed of the money, and you went in to tell Mr. Fleming. You had some words, didn't you?"  "He thought what you all thought," Wardrop said bitterly. "He accused me of stealing the money. I felt worse than a thief. He was desperate, and I took his revolver from him."  Margery had put her hands over her eyes. It was a terrible strain for her, but when I suggested that she wait for the rest of the story she refused vehemently.  "I came back here to Bellwood, and the first thing I learned was about Miss Jane. When I saw the blood print on the stair rail, I thought she was murdered, and I had more than I could stand. I took the letters out of the secret closet, before I could show it to you and Hunter, and later I put them in the leather bag I gave you, and locked it. You have it, haven't you, Knox?"  I nodded.  "As for that night at the club, I told the truth then, but not all the truth. I suppose I am a coward, but I was afraid to. If you knew Schwartz, you would understand."  With the memory of his huge figure and the heavy under-shot face that I had seen the night before, I could understand very well, knowing Wardrop.  "I went to that room at the White Cat that night, because I was afraid not to go. Fleming might kill himself or some one else. I went up the stairs, slowly, and I heard no shot. At the door I hesitated, then opened it quietly. The door into the built-in staircase was just closing. It must have taken me only an instant to realize what had happened. Fleming was swaying forward as I caught him. I jumped to the staircase and looked down, but I was too late. The door below had closed. I knew in another minute who had been there, and escaped. It was raining, you remember, and Schwartz had forgotten to take his umbrella with his name on the handle!"  "Schwartz!"  "Now do you understand why I was being followed?" he demanded. "I have been under surveillance every minute since that night. There's probably some one hanging around the gate now. Anyhow, I was frantic. I saw how it looked for me, and if I had brought Schwartz into it, I would have been knifed in forty-eight hours. I hardly remember what I did. I know I ran for a doctor, and I took the umbrella with me and left it in the vestibule of the first house I saw with a doctor's sign. I rang the bell like a crazy man, and then Hunter came along and said to go back; Doctor Gray was at the club.  "That is all I know. I'm not proud of it, Margery, but it might have been worse, and it's the truth. It clears up something, but not all. It doesn't tell where Aunt Jane is, or who has the hundred thousand. But it does show who killed your father. And if you know what is good for you, Knox, you will let it go at that. You can't fight the police and the courts single-handed. Look how the whole thing was dropped, and the most cold-blooded kind of murder turned into suicide. Suicide without a weapon! Bah!"  "I am not so sure about Schwartz," I said thoughtfully. "We haven't yet learned about eleven twenty-two C."      Miss Jane Maitland had been missing for ten days. In that time not one word had come from her. The reporter from the _Eagle_ had located her in a dozen places, and was growing thin and haggard following little old ladies along the street--and being sent about his business tartly when he tried to make inquiries.  Some things puzzled me more than ever in the light of Wardrop's story. For the third time I asked myself why Miss Letitia denied the loss of the pearls. There was nothing in what we had learned, either, to tell why Miss Jane had gone away--to ascribe a motive.  How she had gone, in view of Wardrop's story of the cab, was clear. She had gone by street-car, walking the three miles to Wynton alone at two o'clock in the morning, although she had never stirred around the house at night without a candle, and was privately known to sleep with a light when Miss Letitia went to bed first, and could not see it through the transom.  The theory I had formed seemed absurd at first, but as I thought it over, its probabilities grew on me. I took dinner at Bellwood and started for town almost immediately after.  Margery had gone to Miss Letitia's room, and Wardrop was pacing up and down the veranda, smoking. He looked dejected and anxious, and he welcomed my suggestion that he walk down to the station with me. As we went, a man emerged from the trees across and came slowly after us.  "You see, I am only nominally a free agent," he said morosely. "They'll poison me yet; I know too much."  We said little on the way to the train. Just before it came thundering along, however, he spoke again.  "I am going away, Knox. There isn't anything in this political game for me, and the law is too long. I have a chum in Mexico, and he wants me to go down there."  "Permanently?"  "Yes. There's nothing to hold me here now," he said.  I turned and faced him in the glare of the station lights.  "What do you mean?" I demanded.  "I mean that there isn't any longer a reason why one part of the earth is better than another. Mexico or Alaska, it's all the same to me."  He turned on his heel and left me. I watched him swing up the path, with his head down; I saw the shadowy figure of the other man fall into line behind him. Then I caught the platform of the last car as it passed, and that short ride into town was a triumphal procession with the wheels beating time and singing: "It's all the same--the same--to me--to me."  I called Burton by telephone, and was lucky enough to find him at the office. He said he had just got in, and, as usual, he wanted something to eat. We arranged to meet at a little Chinese restaurant, where at that hour, nine o'clock, we would be almost alone. Later on, after the theater, I knew that the place would be full of people, and conversation impossible.  Burton knew the place well, as he did every restaurant in the city.  "Hello, Mike," he said to the unctuous Chinaman who admitted us. And "Mike" smiled a slant-eyed welcome. The room was empty; it was an unpretentious affair, with lace curtains at the windows and small, very clean tables. At one corner a cable and slide communicated through a hole in the ceiling with the floor above, and through the aperture, Burton's order for chicken and rice, and the inevitable tea, was barked.  Burton listened attentively to Wardrop's story, as I repeated it.  "So Schwartz did it, after all!" he said regretfully, when I finished. "It's a tame ending. It had all the elements of the unusual, and it resolves itself into an ordinary, every-day, man-to-man feud. I'm disappointed; we can't touch Schwartz."  "I thought the _Times-Post_ was hot after him."  "Schwartz bought the _Times-Post_ at three o'clock this afternoon," Burton said, with repressed rage. "I'm called off. To-morrow we run a photograph of Schwartzwold, his place at Plattsburg, and the next day we eulogize the administration. I'm going down the river on an excursion boat, and write up the pig-killing contest at the union butchers' picnic."  "How is Mrs. Butler?" I asked, as his rage subsided to mere rumbling in his throat.  "Delirious"--shortly. "She's going to croak, Wardrop's going to Mexico, Schwartz will be next governor, and Miss Maitland's body will be found in a cistern. The whole thing has petered out. What's the use of finding the murderer if he's coated with asbestos and lined with money? Mike, I want some more tea to drown my troubles."  We called up the hospital about ten-thirty, and learned that Mrs. Butler was sinking. Fred was there, and without much hope of getting anything, we went over. I took Burton in as a nephew of the dying woman, and I was glad I had done it. She was quite conscious, but very weak. She told the story to Fred and myself, and in a corner Burton took it down in shorthand. We got her to sign it about daylight sometime, and she died very quietly shortly after Edith arrived at eight.  To give her story as she gave it would be impossible; the ramblings of a sick mind, the terrible pathos of it all, is impossible to repeat. She lay there, her long, thin body practically dead, fighting the death rattle in her throat. There were pauses when for five minutes she would lie in a stupor, only to rouse and go forward from the very word where she had stopped.  She began with her married life, and to understand the beauty of it is to understand the things that came after. She was perfectly, ideally, illogically happy. Then one day Henry Butler accepted the nomination for state treasurer, and with that things changed. During his term in office he altered greatly; his wife could only guess that things were wrong, for he refused to talk.  The crash came, after all, with terrible suddenness. There had been an all-night conference at the Butler home, and Mr. Butler, in a frenzy at finding himself a dupe, had called the butler from bed and forcibly ejected Fleming and Schwartz from the house. Ellen Butler had been horrified, sickened by what she regarded as the vulgarity of the occurrence. But her loyalty to her husband never wavered.  Butler was one honest man against a complete organization of unscrupulous ones. His disgrace, imprisonment and suicide at the White Cat had followed in rapid succession. With his death, all that was worth while in his wife died. Her health was destroyed; she became one of the wretched army of neurasthenics, with only one idea: to retaliate, to pay back in measure full and running over, her wrecked life, her dead husband, her grief and her shame.  She laid her plans with the caution and absolute recklessness of a diseased mentality. Normally a shrinking, nervous woman, she became cold, passionless, deliberate in her revenge. To disgrace Schwartz and Fleming was her original intention. But she could not get the papers.  She resorted to hounding Fleming, meaning to drive him to suicide. And she chose a method that had more nearly driven him to madness. Wherever he turned he found the figures eleven twenty-two C. Sometimes just the number, without the letter. It had been Henry Butler's cell number during his imprisonment, and if they were graven on his wife's soul, they burned themselves in lines of fire on Fleming's brain. For over a year she pursued this course--sometimes through the mail, at other times in the most unexpected places, wherever she could bribe a messenger to carry the paper. Sane? No, hardly sane, but inevitable as fate.  The time came when other things went badly with Fleming, as I had already heard from Wardrop. Where was Halsey?  "He was here, wasn't he?" Mr. Jarvis persisted.  "He stopped at the club on his way over."  "I--don't know where he is," I said feebly.  One of the men from the club came in, asked for the telephone, and I could hear him excitedly talking, saying something about coroners and detectives.  Mr. Jarvis leaned over to me.  "Why don't you trust me, Miss Innes?" he said.  "If I can do anything I will.  But tell me the whole thing."  I did, finally, from the beginning, and when I told of Jack Bailey's being in the house that night, he gave a long whistle.  "I wish they were both here," he said when I finished.  "Whatever mad prank took them away, it would look better if they were here. Especially--"  "Especially what?"  "Especially since Jack Bailey and Arnold Armstrong were notoriously bad friends.  It was Bailey who got Arnold into trouble last spring--something about the bank.  And then, too--"  "Go on," I said.  "If there is anything more, I ought to know."  "There's nothing more," he said evasively.  "There's just one thing we may bank on, Miss Innes.  Any court in the country will acquit a man who kills an intruder in his house, at night.  If Halsey--"  "Why, you don't think Halsey did it!" I exclaimed.  There was a queer feeling of physical nausea coming over me.  "No, no, not at all," he said with forced cheerfulness.  "Come, Miss Innes, you're a ghost of yourself and I am going to help you up-stairs and call your maid.  This has been too much for you."  Liddy helped me back to bed, and under the impression that I was in danger of freezing to death, put a hot-water bottle over my heart and another at my feet.  Then she left me.  It was early dawn now, and from voices under my window I surmised that Mr. Jarvis and his companions were searching the grounds.  As for me, I lay in bed, with every faculty awake.  Where had Halsey gone? How had he gone, and when? Before the murder, no doubt, but who would believe that?  If either he or Jack Bailey had heard an intruder in the house and shot him--as they might have been justified in doing--why had they run away?  The whole thing was unheard of, outrageous, and--impossible to ignore.  About six o'clock Gertrude came in.  She was fully dressed, and I sat up nervously.  "Poor Aunty!" she said.  "What a shocking night you have had!" She came over and sat down on the bed, and I saw she looked very tired and worn.  "Is there anything new?" I asked anxiously.  "Nothing.  The car is gone, but Warner"--he is the chauffeur--"Warner is at the lodge and knows nothing about it."  "Well," I said, "if I ever get my hands on Halsey Innes, I shall not let go until I have told him a few things.  When we get this cleared up, I am going back to the city to be quiet.  One more night like the last two will end me.  The peace of the country--fiddle sticks!"  Whereupon I told Gertrude of the noises the night before, and the figure on the veranda in the east wing.  As an afterthought I brought out the pearl cuff-link.  "I have no doubt now," I said, "that it was Arnold Armstrong the night before last, too.  He had a key, no doubt, but why he should steal into his father's house I can not imagine.  He could have come with my permission, easily enough.  Anyhow, whoever it was that night, left this little souvenir."  Gertrude took one look at the cuff-link, and went as white as the pearls in it; she clutched at the foot of the bed, and stood staring. As for me, I was quite as astonished as she was.  "Where did--you--find it?" she asked finally, with a desperate effort at calm.  And while I told her she stood looking out of the window with a look I could not fathom on her face.  It was a relief when Mrs. Watson tapped at the door and brought me some tea and toast.  The cook was in bed, completely demoralized, she reported, and Liddy, brave with the daylight, was looking for footprints around the house.  Mrs. Watson herself was a wreck; she was blue-white around the lips, and she had one hand tied up.  She said she had fallen down-stairs in her excitement.  It was natural, of course, that the thing would shock her, having been the Armstrongs' housekeeper for several years, and knowing Mr. Arnold well.  Gertrude had slipped out during my talk with Mrs. Watson, and I dressed and went down-stairs.  The billiard and card-rooms were locked until the coroner and the detectives got there, and the men from the club had gone back for more conventional clothing.  I could hear Thomas in the pantry, alternately wailing for Mr. Arnold, as he called him, and citing the tokens that had precursed the murder. The house seemed to choke me, and, slipping a shawl around me, I went out on the drive.  At the corner by the east wing I met Liddy.  Her skirts were draggled with dew to her knees, and her hair was still in crimps.  "Go right in and change your clothes," I said sharply.  "You're a sight, and at your age!"  She had a golf-stick in her hand, and she said she had found it on the lawn.  There was nothing unusual about it, but it occurred to me that a golf-stick with a metal end might have been the object that had scratched the stairs near the card-room.  I took it from her, and sent her up for dry garments.  Her daylight courage and self-importance, and her shuddering delight in the mystery, irritated me beyond words. After I left her I made a circuit of the building.  Nothing seemed to be disturbed: the house looked as calm and peaceful in the morning sun as it had the day I had been coerced into taking it.  There was nothing to show that inside had been mystery and violence and sudden death.  In one of the tulip beds back of the house an early blackbird was pecking viciously at something that glittered in the light. I picked my way gingerly over through the dew and stooped down: almost buried in the soft ground was a revolver!  I scraped the earth off it with the tip of my shoe, and, picking it up, slipped it into my pocket.  Not until I had got into my bedroom and double-locked the door did I venture to take it out and examine it.  One look was all I needed.  It was Halsey's revolver.  I had unpacked it the day before and put it on his shaving-stand, and there could be no mistake.  His name was on a small silver plate on the handle.  I seemed to see a network closing around my boy, innocent as I knew he was.  The revolver--I am afraid of them, but anxiety gave me courage to look through the barrel--the revolver had still two bullets in it.  I could only breathe a prayer of thankfulness that I had found the revolver before any sharp-eyed detective had come around.  I decided to keep what clues I had, the cuff-link, the golf-stick and the revolver, in a secure place until I could see some reason for displaying them.  The cuff-link had been dropped into a little filigree box on my toilet table.  I opened the box and felt around for it.  The box was empty--the cuff-link had disappeared!     At ten o'clock the Casanova hack brought up three men.  They introduced themselves as the coroner of the county and two detectives from the city.  The coroner led the way at once to the locked wing, and with the aid of one of the detectives examined the rooms and the body.  The other detective, after a short scrutiny of the dead man, busied himself with the outside of the house.  It was only after they had got a fair idea of things as they were that they sent for me.  I received them in the living-room, and I had made up my mind exactly what to tell.  I had taken the house for the summer, I said, while the Armstrongs were in California.  In spite of a rumor among the servants about strange noises--I cited Thomas--nothing had occurred the first two nights.  On the third night I believed that some one had been in the house: I had heard a crashing sound, but being alone with one maid had not investigated.  The house had been locked in the morning and apparently undisturbed.  Then, as clearly as I could, I related how, the night before, a shot had roused us; that my niece and I had investigated and found a body; that I did not know who the murdered man was until Mr. Jarvis from the club informed me, and that I knew of no reason why Mr. Arnold Armstrong should steal into his father's house at night.  I should have been glad to allow him entree there at any time.  "Have you reason to believe, Miss Innes," the coroner asked, "that any member of your household, imagining Mr. Armstrong was a burglar, shot him in self-defense?"  "I have no reason for thinking so," I said quietly.  "Your theory is that Mr. Armstrong was followed here by some enemy, and shot as he entered the house?"  "I don't think I have a theory," I said.  "The thing that has puzzled me is why Mr. Armstrong should enter his father's house two nights in succession, stealing in like a thief, when he needed only to ask entrance to be admitted."  The coroner was a very silent man: he took some notes after this, but he seemed anxious to make the next train back to town.  He set the inquest for the following Saturday, gave Mr. Jamieson, the younger of the two detectives, and the more intelligent looking, a few instructions, and, after gravely shaking hands with me and regretting the unfortunate affair, took his departure, accompanied by the other detective.  I was just beginning to breathe freely when Mr. Jamieson, who had been standing by the window, came over to me.  "The family consists of yourself alone, Miss Innes?"  "My niece is here," I said.  "There is no one but yourself and your niece?"  "My nephew."  I had to moisten my lips.  "Oh, a nephew.  I should like to see him, if he is here."  "He is not here just now," I said as quietly as I could.  "I expect him--at any time."  "He was here yesterday evening, I believe?"  "No--yes."  "Didn't he have a guest with him?  Another man?"  "He brought a friend with him to stay over Sunday, Mr. Bailey."  "Mr. John Bailey, the cashier of the Traders' Bank I believe." And I knew that some one at the Greenwood Club had told.  "When did they leave?"  "Very early--I don't know at just what time."  Mr. Jamieson turned suddenly and looked at me.  "Please try to be more explicit," he said.  "You say your nephew and Mr. Bailey were in the house last night, and yet you and your niece, with some women-servants, found the body.  Where was your nephew?"  I was entirely desperate by that time.  "I do not know," I cried, "but be sure of this: Halsey knows nothing of this thing, and no amount of circumstantial evidence can make an innocent man guilty."  "Sit down," he said, pushing forward a chair.  "There are some things I have to tell you, and, in return, please tell me all you know.  Believe me, things always come out.  In the first place, Mr. Armstrong was shot from above.  The bullet was fired at close range, entered below the shoulder and came out, after passing through the heart, well down the back.  In other words, I believe the murderer stood on the stairs and fired down.  In the second place, I found on the edge of the billiard-table a charred cigar which had burned itself partly out, and a cigarette which had consumed itself to the cork tip.  Neither one had been more than lighted, then put down and forgotten.  Have you any idea what it was that made your nephew and Mr. Bailey leave their cigars and their game, take out the automobile without calling the chauffeur, and all this at--let me see certainly before three o'clock in the morning?"  "I don't know," I said; "but depend on it, Mr. Jamieson, Halsey will be back himself to explain everything."  "I sincerely hope so," he said.  "Miss Innes, has it occurred to you that Mr. Bailey might know something of this?"  Gertrude had come down-stairs and just as he spoke she came in. I saw her stop suddenly, as if she had been struck.  "He does not," she said in a tone that was not her own.  "Mr. Bailey and my brother know nothing of this.  The murder was committed at three.  They left the house at a quarter before three."  "How do you know that?" Mr. Jamieson asked oddly.  "Do you KNOW at what time they left?"  "I do," Gertrude answered firmly.  "At a quarter before three my brother and Mr. Bailey left the house, by the main entrance. I--was--there."  "Gertrude," I said excitedly, "you are dreaming!  Why, at a quarter to three--"  "Listen," she said.  "At half-past two the downstairs telephone rang. I had not gone to sleep, and I heard it.  Then I heard Halsey answer it, and in a few minutes he came up-stairs and knocked at my door. We--we talked for a minute, then I put on my dressing-gown and slippers, and went down-stairs with him.  Mr. Bailey was in the billiard-room.  We--we all talked together for perhaps ten minutes. Then it was decided that--that they should both go away--"  "Can't you be more explicit?" Mr. Jamieson asked.  "WHY did they go away?"  "I am only telling you what happened, not why it happened," she said evenly.  "Halsey went for the car, and instead of bringing it to the house and rousing people, he went by the lower road from the stable. Mr. Bailey was to meet him at the foot of the lawn.  Mr. Bailey left--"  "Which way?" Mr. Jamieson asked sharply.  "By the main entrance.  He left--it was a quarter to three.  I know exactly."  "The clock in the hall is stopped, Miss Innes," said Jamieson. Nothing seemed to escape him.  "He looked at his watch," she replied, and I could see Mr. Jamieson's snap, as if he had made a discovery.  As for myself, during the whole recital I had been plunged into the deepest amazement.  "Will you pardon me for a personal question?"  The detective was a youngish man, and I thought he was somewhat embarrassed.  "What are your--your relations with Mr. Bailey?"  Gertrude hesitated.  Then she came over and put her hand lovingly in mine.  "I am engaged to marry him," she said simply.  I had grown so accustomed to surprises that I could only gasp again, and as for Gertrude, the hand that lay in mine was burning with fever.  "And--after that," Mr. Jamieson went on, "you went directly to bed?"  Gertrude hesitated.  "No," she said finally.  "I--I am not nervous, and after I had extinguished the light, I remembered something I had left in the billiard-room, and I felt my way back there through the darkness."  "Will you tell me what it was you had forgotten?"  "I can not tell you," she said slowly.  "I--I did not leave the billiard-room at once--"  "Why?"  The detective's tone was imperative.  "This is very important, Miss Innes."  "I was crying," Gertrude said in a low tone.  "When the French clock in the drawing-room struck three, I got up, and then--I heard a step on the east porch, just outside the card-room.  Some one with a key was working with the latch, and I thought, of course, of Halsey.  When we took the house he called that his entrance, and he had carried a key for it ever since.  The door opened and I was about to ask what he had forgotten, when there was a flash and a report.  Some heavy body dropped, and, half crazed with terror and shock, I ran through the drawing-room and got up-stairs--I scarcely remember how."  She dropped into a chair, and I thought Mr. Jamieson must have finished.  But he was not through.  "You certainly clear your brother and Mr. Bailey admirably," he said. "The testimony is invaluable, especially in view of the fact that your brother and Mr. Armstrong had, I believe, quarreled rather seriously some time ago."  "Nonsense," I broke in.  "Things are bad enough, Mr. Jamieson, without inventing bad feeling where it doesn't exist.  Gertrude, I don't think Halsey knew the--the murdered man, did he?"  But Mr. Jamieson was sure of his ground.  "The quarrel, I believe," he persisted, "was about Mr. Armstrong's conduct to you, Miss Gertrude.  He had been paying you unwelcome attentions."  And I had never seen the man!  When she nodded a "yes" I saw the tremendous possibilities involved. If this detective could prove that Gertrude feared and disliked the murdered man, and that Mr. Armstrong had been annoying and possibly pursuing her with hateful attentions, all that, added to Gertrude's confession of her presence in the billiard-room at the time of the crime, looked strange, to say the least.  The prominence of the family assured a strenuous effort to find the murderer, and if we had nothing worse to look forward to, we were sure of a distasteful publicity.  Mr. Jamieson shut his note-book with a snap, and thanked us.  "I have an idea," he said, apropos of nothing at all, "that at any rate the ghost is laid here.  Whatever the rappings have been--and the colored man says they began when the family went west three months ago--they are likely to stop now."  Which shows how much he knew about it.  The ghost was not laid: with the murder of Arnold Armstrong he, or it, only seemed to take on fresh vigor.  Mr. Jamieson left then, and when Gertrude had gone up-stairs, as she did at once, I sat and thought over what I had just heard. Her engagement, once so engrossing a matter, paled now beside the significance of her story.  If Halsey and Jack Bailey had left before the crime, how came Halsey's revolver in the tulip bed? What was the mysterious cause of their sudden flight?  What had Gertrude left in the billiard-room?  What was the significance of the cuff-link, and where was it?     When the detective left he enjoined absolute secrecy on everybody in the household.  The Greenwood Club promised the same thing, and as there are no Sunday afternoon papers, the murder was not publicly known until Monday.  The coroner himself notified the Armstrong family lawyer, and early in the afternoon he came out. I had not seen Mr. Jamieson since morning, but I knew he had been interrogating the servants.  Gertrude was locked in her room with a headache, and I had luncheon alone.  Mr. Harton, the lawyer, was a little, thin man, and he looked as if he did not relish his business that day.  "This is very unfortunate, Miss Innes," he said, after we had shaken hands.  "Most unfortunate--and mysterious.  With the father and mother in the west, I find everything devolves on me; and, as you can understand, it is an unpleasant duty."  "No doubt," I said absently.  "Mr. Harton, I am going to ask you some questions, and I hope you will answer them.  I feel that I am entitled to some knowledge, because I and my family are just now in a most ambiguous position."  I don't know whether he understood me or not: he took of his glasses and wiped them.  "I shall be very happy," he said with old-fashioned courtesy.  "Thank you.  Mr. Harton, did Mr. Arnold Armstrong know that Sunnyside had been rented?"  "I think--yes, he did.  In fact, I myself told him about it."  "And he knew who the tenants were?"  "Yes."  "He had not been living with the family for some years, I believe?"  "No.  Unfortunately, there had been trouble between Arnold and his father.  For two years he had lived in town."  "Then it would be unlikely that he came here last night to get possession of anything belonging to him?" He suggested that we have prayers over the bodies when we placed them in the boat, and I agreed to read the burial service from the Episcopal Prayer Book.  The voices from Turner's cabin came steadily, Miss Lee's low tones, Turner's heavy bass only now and then.  Once I heard her give a startled exclamation, and both Jones and I leaped to the door.  But the next moment she was talking again quietly.  Ten minutes--fifteen--passed.  I grew restless and took to wandering about the cabin.  Mrs. Johns came to the door opposite, and asked to have tea sent down to the stewardess.  I called the request up the companionway, unwilling to leave the cabin for a moment.  When I came back, Jones was standing at the door of Vail's cabin, looking in.  His face was pale.  "Look there!" he said hoarsely.  "Look at the bell.  He must have tried to push the button!"  I stared in.  Williams had put the cabin to rights, as nearly as he could.  The soaked mattress was gone, and a clean linen sheet was spread over the bunk.  Poor Vail's clothing, as he had taken it off the night before, hung on a mahogany stand beside the bed, and above, almost concealed by his coat, was the bell.  Jones's eyes were fixed on the darkish smear, over and around the bell, on the white paint.  I measured the height of the bell from the bed.  It was well above, and to one side--a smear rather than a print, too indeterminate to be of any value, sinister, cruel.  "He didn't do that, Charlie," I said.  "He couldn't have got up to it after--That is the murderer's mark.  He leaned there, one hand against the wall, to look down at his work. And, without knowing it, he pressed the button that roused the two women."  He had not heard the story of Henrietta Sloane, and, as we waited, I told him.  Some of the tension was relaxing.  He tried, in his argumentative German way, to drag me into a discussion as to the foreordination of a death that resulted from an accidental ringing of a bell.  But my ears were alert for the voices near by, and soon Miss Lee opened the door.  Turner was sitting on his bunk.  He had made an attempt to shave, and had cut his chin severely.  He was in a dressing-gown, and was holding a handkerchief to his face; he peered at me over it with red-rimmed eyes.  "This--this is horrible, Leslie," he said.  "I can hardly believe it."  "It is true, Mr. Turner."  He took the handkerchief away and looked to see if the bleeding had stopped.  I believe he intended to impress us both with his coolness, but it was an unfortunate attempt.  His lips, relieved of the pressure, were twitching; his nerveless fingers could hardly refold the handkerchief.  "Wh-why was I not--called at once?" he demanded.  "I notified you.  You were--you must have gone to sleep again."  "I don't believe you called me.  You're--lying, aren't you?"  He got up, steadying himself by the wall, and swaying dizzily to the motion of the ship.  "You shut me off down here, and then run things your own damned way."  He turned on Miss Lee.  "Where's Helen?"  "In her room, Marsh.  She has one of her headaches.  Please don't disturb her."  "Where's Williams?" He turned to me.  "I can get him for you."  "Tell him to bring me a highball.  My mouth's sticky."  He ran his tongue over his dry lips.  "And--take a message from me to Richardson--"  He stopped, startled.  Indeed, Miss Lee and I had both started.  "To who's running the boat, anyhow?  Singleton?"  "Mr. Singleton is a prisoner in the forward house," I said gravely.  The effect of this was astonishing.  He stared at us both, and, finding corroboration in Miss Lee's face, his own took on an instant expression of relief.  He dropped to the side of the bed, and his color came slowly back.  He even smiled--a crafty grin that was inexpressibly horrible.  "Singleton!" he said.  "Why do they--how do they know it was he?"  "He had quarreled with the captain last night, and he was on duty at the time of the when the thing happened.  The man at the wheel claims to have seen him in the chartroom just before, and there was other evidence, I believe.  The lookout saw him forward, with something--possibly the axe.  Not decisive, of course, but enough to justify putting him in irons.  Somebody did it, and the murderer is on board, Mr. Turner."  His grin had faded, but the crafty look in his pale-blue eyes remained.  "The chart-room was dark.  How could the steersman--"  He checked himself abruptly, and looked at us both quickly.  "Where are--they?" he asked in a different tone.  "On deck."  "We can't keep them in this weather."  "We must," I said.  "We will have to get to the nearest port as quickly as we can, and surrender ourselves and the bodies.  This thing will have to be sifted to the bottom, Mr. Turner.  The innocent must not suffer for the guilty, and every one on the ship is under suspicion."  He fell into a passion at that, insisting that the bodies be buried at once, asserting his ownership of the vessel as his authority, demanding to know what I, a forecastle hand, had to say about it, flinging up and down the small room, showering me with invective and threats, and shoving Miss Lee aside when she laid a calming hand on his arm.  The cut on his chin was bleeding again, adding to his wild and sinister expression.  He ended by demanding Williams.  I opened the door and called to Charlie Jones to send the butler, and stood by, waiting for the fresh explosion that was coming. Williams shakily confessed that there was no whiskey on board.  "Where is it?" Turner thundered.  Williams looked at me.  He was in a state of inarticulate fright.  "I ordered it overboard," I said.  Turner whirled on me, incredulity and rage in his face.  "You!"  I put the best face I could on the matter, and eyed him steadily. "There has been too much drinking on this ship," I said.  "If you doubt it, go up and look at the three bodies on the deck."  "What have you to do about it?"  His eyes were narrowed; there was menace in every line of his face.  "With Schwartz gone, Captain Richardson dead, and Singleton in irons, the crew had no officers.  They asked me to take charge."  "So!  And you used your authority to meddle with what does not concern you  The ship has an officer while I am on it.  And there will be no mutiny."  He flung into the main cabin, and made for the forward companionway. I stepped back to allow Miss Lee to precede me.  She was standing, her back to the dressing-stand, facing the door.  She looked at me and made a helpless gesture with her hands, as if the situation were beyond her. Then I saw her look down.  She took a quick step or two toward the door, and, stooping picked up some small object from almost under my foot.  The incident would have passed without notice, had she not, in attempting to wrap it in her handkerchief, dropped it.  I saw then that it was a key.  "Let me get it for you," I said.  To my amazement, she put her foot over it.  "Please see what Mr. Turner is doing," she said.  "It is the key to my jewel-case."  "Will you let me see it?"  "No."  "It is not the key to a jewel-case."  "It does not concern you what it is."  "It is the key to the storeroom door."  "You are stronger than I am.  You look the brute.  You can knock me away and get it."  I knew then, of course, that it was the storeroom key.  But I could not take it by force.  And so defiantly she faced me, so valiant was every line of her slight figure, that I was ashamed of my impulse to push her aside and take it.  I loved her with every inch of my overgrown body, and I did the thing she knew I would do.  I bowed and left the cabin. But I had no intention of losing the key.  I could not take it by force, but she knew as well as I did what finding it there in Turner's room meant.  Turner had locked me in. But I must be able to prove it--my wits against hers, and the advantage mine.  I had the women under guard.  I went up on deck.  A curious spectacle revealed itself.  Turner, purple with anger, was haranguing the men, who stood amidships, huddled together, but grim and determined withal.  Burns, a little apart from the rest, was standing, sullen, his arms folded.  As Turner ceased, he took a step forward.  "You are right, Mr. Turner," he said.  "It's your ship, and it's up to you to say where she goes and how she goes, sir.  But some one will hang for this, Mr. Turner,--some one that's on this deck now; and the bodies are going back with us--likewise the axe.  There ain't going to be a mistake--the right man is going to swing."  "That's mutiny!"  "Yes, sir," Burns acknowledged, his face paling a little.  "I guess you could call it that."  Turner swung on his heel and went below, where Jones, relieved of guard duty by Burns, reported him locked in his room, refusing admission to his wife and Miss Lee, both of whom had knocked on the door.  The trouble with Turner added to the general misery of the situation. Burns got our position at noon with more or less exactness, and the general working of the Ella went on well enough.  But the situation was indescribable.  Men started if a penknife dropped, and swore if a sail flapped.  The call of the boatswain's pipe rasped their ears, and the preparation for stowing the bodies in the jolly-boat left them unnerved and sick.  Some sort of a meal was cooked, but no one could eat; Williams brought up, untasted, the luncheon he had carried down to the after house.  At two o'clock all hands gathered amidships, and the bodies were carried forward to where the boat, lowered in its davits and braced, lay on the deck.  It had been lined with canvas and tarpaulin, and a cover of similar material lay ready to be nailed in place.  All the men were bareheaded.  Many were in tears.  Miss Lee came forward with us, and it was from her prayer-book that I, too moved for self-consciousness, read the burial-service.  "I am the resurrection and the life," I read huskily.  The figures at my feet, in their canvas shrouds, rolled gently with the rocking of the ship; the sun beat down on the decks, on the bare heads of the men, on the gilt edges of the prayer-book, gleaming in the light, on the last of the land-birds, drooping in the heat on the main cross-trees.  "... For man walketh in a vain shadow," I read, "and disquieteth himself in vain....  "O spare me a little, that I may recover my strength: before I go hence, and be no more seen."      Mrs. Johns and the stewardess came up late in the afternoon.  We had railed off a part of the deck around the forward companionway for them, and none of the crew except the man on guard was allowed inside the ropes.  After a consultation, finding the ship very short-handed, and unwilling with the night coming on to trust any of the men, Burns and I decided to take over this duty ourselves, and, by stationing ourselves at the top of the companionway, to combine the duties of officer on watch and guard of the after house.  To make the women doubly secure, we had Oleson nail all the windows closed, although they were merely portholes.  Jones was no longer on guard below, and I had exchanged Singleton's worthless revolver for my own serviceable one.  Mrs. Johns, carefully dressed, surveyed the railed-off deck with raised eyebrows.  "For--us?" she asked, looking at me.  The men were gathered about the wheel aft, and were out of ear-shot.  Mrs. Sloane had dropped into a steamer-chair, and was lying back with closed eyes.  "Yes, Mrs. Johns."  "Where have you put them?"  I pointed to where the jolly-boat, on the port side of the ship, swung on its davits.  "And the mate, Mr. Singleton?"  "He is in the forward house."  "What did you do with the--the weapon?"  "Why do you ask that?"  "Morbid curiosity," she said, with a lightness of tone that rang false to my ears.  "And then--naturally, I should like to be sure that it is safely overboard, so it will not be"--she shivered--"used again."  "It is not overboard, Mrs. Johns," I said gravely.  "It is locked in a safe place, where it will remain until the police come to take it."  "You are rather theatrical, aren't you?" she scoffed, and turned away. But a second later she came back to me, and put her hand on my arm. "Tell me where it is," she begged.  "You are making a mystery of it, and I detest mysteries."  I saw under her mask of lightness then: she wanted desperately to know where the axe was.  Her eyes fell, under my gaze.  "I am sorry.  There is no mystery.  It is simply locked away for safe-keeping."  She bit her lip.  "Do you know what I think?" she said slowly.  "I think you have hypnotized the crew, as you did me--at first.  Why has no one remembered that you were in the after house last night, that you found poor Wilmer Vail, that you raised the alarm, that you discovered the captain and Karen?  Why should I not call the men here and remind them of all that?"  "I do not believe you will.  They know I was locked in the storeroom. The door--the lock--"  "You could have locked yourself in."  "You do not know what you are saying!"  But I had angered her, and she went on cruelly:--  "Who are you, anyhow?  You are not a sailor.  You came here and were taken on because you told a hard-luck story.  How do we know that you came from a hospital?  Men just out of prison look as you did. Do you know what we called you, the first two days out?  We called you Elsa's jail-bird  And now, because you have dominated the crew, we are in your hands!"  "Do Mrs. Turner and Miss Lee think that?"  "They feel as I do.  This is a picked crew men the Turner line has employed for years."  "You are very brave, Mrs. Johns," I said.  "If I were what you think I am, I would be a dangerous enemy."  "I am not afraid of you."  I thought fast.  She was right.  It had not occurred to me before, but it swept over me overwhelmingly.  "You are leaving me only one thing to do," I said.  "I shall surrender myself to the men at once."  I took out my revolver and held it out to her.  "This rope is a dead-line.  The crew know, and you will have no trouble; but you must stand guard here until some one else is sent."  She took the revolver without a word, and, somewhat dazed by this new turn of events, I went aft.  The men were gathered there, and I surrendered myself.  They listened in silence while I told them the situation.  Burns, who had been trying to sleep, sat up and stared at me incredulously.  "It will leave you pretty short-handed, boys," I finished, "but you'd better fasten me up somewhere.  But I want to be sure of one thing first: whatever happens, keep the guard for the women."  "We'd like to talk it over, Leslie," Burns said, after a word with the others.  I went forward a few feet, taking care to remain where they could see me, and very soon they called me.  There had been a dispute, I believe. Adams and McNamara stood off from the others, their faces not unfriendly, but clearly differing from the decision.  Charlie Jones, who, by reason of long service and a sort of pious control he had in the forecastle, was generally spokesman for the crew, took a step or two toward me.  "We'll not do it, boy," he said.  "We think we know a man when we see one, as well as having occasion to know that you're white all through. And we're not inclined to set the talk of women against what we think best to do.  So you stick to your job, and we're back of you."  In spite of myself, I choked up.  I tried to tell them what their loyalty meant to me; but I could only hold out my hand, and, one by one, they came up and shook it solemnly.  "We think," McNamara said, when, last of all, he and Adams came up, "that it would be best, lad, if we put down in the log-book all that has happened last night and to-day, and this just now, too.  It's fresh in our minds now, and it will be something to go by."  So Burns and I got the log-book from the captain's cabin.  The axe was there, where we had placed it earlier in the day, lying on the white cover of the bed.  The room was untouched, as the dead man had left it--a collar on the stand, brushes put down hastily, a half-smoked cigar which had burned a long scar on the wood before it had gone out. We went out silently, Burns carrying the book, I locking the door behind us.  Mrs. Johns, sitting near the companionway with the revolver on her knee, looked up and eyed me coolly.  "So they would not do it!"  "I am sorry to disappoint you--they would not."  She held up my revolver to me, and smiled cynically.  "Remember," she said, "I only said you were a possibility."  "Thank you; I shall remember."  By unanimous consent, the task of putting down what had happened was given to me.  I have a copy of the log-book before me now, the one that was used at the trial.  The men read it through before they signed it.                                                     August thirteenth.  This morning, between two-thirty and three o'clock, three murders were committed on the yacht Ella.  At the request of Mrs. Johns, one of the party on board, I had moved to the after house to sleep, putting my blanket and pillow in the storeroom and sleeping on the floor there. Mrs. Johns gave, as her reason, a fear of something going wrong, as there was trouble between Mr. Turner and the captain. I slept with a revolver beside me and with the door of the storeroom open.  At some time shortly before three o'clock I wakened with a feeling of suffocation, and found that the door was closed and locked on the outside.  I suspected a joke among the crew, and set to work with my pen-knife to unscrew the lock.  When I had two screws out, a woman screamed, and I broke down the door.  As the main cabin was dark, I saw no one and could not tell where the cry came from.  I ran into Mr. Vail's cabin, next the storeroom, and called him.  His door was standing open.  I heard him breathing heavily.  Then the breathing stopped.  I struck a match, and found him dead.  His head had been crushed in with an axe, the left hand cut off, and there were gashes on the right shoulder and the abdomen.  I knew the helmsman would be at the wheel, and ran up the after companionway to him and told him.  Then I ran forward and called the first mate, Mr. Singleton, who was on duty.  He had been drinking. I asked him to call the captain, but he did not.  He got his revolver, and we hurried down the forward companion.  The body of the captain was lying at the foot of the steps, his head on the lowest stair.  He had been killed like Mr. Vail.  His cap had been placed over his face.  The mate collapsed on the steps.  I found the light switch and turned it on.  There was no one in the cabin or in the chart-room.  I ran to Mr. Turner's room, going through Mr. I looked after him until he turned the next corner, and I knew I had not been mistaken; it was Wardrop.  The next minute Hunter appeared, from the same direction, and we walked quickly together. I told him who the man just ahead had been, and he nodded without surprise. But before we turned the next corner he stopped.  "Did you ever hear of the White Cat?" he asked. "Little political club?"  "Never."  "I'm a member of it," he went on rapidly. "It's run by the city ring, or rather it runs itself. Be a good fellow while you're there, and keep your eyes open. It's a queer joint."  The corner we turned found us on a narrow, badly paved street. The broken windows of the warehouse still looked down on us, and across the street was an ice factory, with two deserted wagons standing along the curb. As well as I could see for the darkness, a lumber yard stretched beyond the warehouse, its piles of boards giving off in the rain the aromatic odor of fresh pine.  At a gate in the fence beyond the warehouse Hunter stopped. It was an ordinary wooden gate and it opened with a thumb latch. Beyond stretched a long, narrow, brick-paved alleyway, perhaps three feet wide, and lighted by the merest glimmer of a light ahead. Hunter went on regardless of puddles in the brick paving, and I stumbled after him. As we advanced, I could see that the light was a single electric bulb, hung over a second gate. While Hunter fumbled for a key in his pocket, I had time to see that this gate had a Yale lock, was provided, at the side, with an electric bell button, and had a letter slot cut in it.  Hunter opened the gate and preceded me through it. The gate swung to and clicked behind me. After the gloom of the passageway, the small brick-paved yard seemed brilliant with lights. Two wires were strung its length, dotted with many electric lamps. In a corner a striped tent stood out in grotesque relief; it seemed to be empty, and the weather was an easy explanation. From the two-story house beyond there came suddenly a burst of piano music and a none too steady masculine voice. Hunter turned to me, with his foot on the wooden steps.  "Above everything else," he warned, "keep your temper. Nobody gives a hang in here whether you're the mayor of the town, the champion pool-player of the first ward, or the roundsman on the beat."  The door at the top of the steps was also Yale-locked. We stepped at once into the kitchen, from which I imagined that the house faced on another street, and that for obvious reasons only its rear entrance was used. The kitchen was bright and clean; it was littered, however, with half-cut loaves of bread, glasses and empty bottles. Over the range a man in his shirt sleeves was giving his whole attention to a slice of ham, sizzling on a skillet, and at a table near-by a young fellow, with his hair cut in a barber's oval over the back of his neck, was spreading slices of bread and cheese with mustard.  "How are you, Mr. Mayor?" Hunter said, as he shed his raincoat. "This is Mr. Knox, the man who's engineering the _Star-Eagle_ fight."  The man over the range wiped one greasy hand and held it out to me.  "The Cat is purring a welcome," he said, indicating the frying ham. "If my cooking turns out right I'll ask you to have some ham with me. I don't know why in thunder it gets black in the middle and won't cook around the edges."  I recognized the mayor. He was a big fellow, handsome in a heavy way, and "Tommy" to every one who knew him. It seemed I was about to see my city government at play.  Hunter was thoroughly at home. He took my coat and his own and hung them somewhere to dry. Then he went into a sort of pantry opening off the kitchen and came out with four bottles of beer.  "We take care of ourselves here," he explained, as the newly barbered youth washed some glasses. "If you want a sandwich, there is cooked ham in the refrigerator and cheese--if our friend at the sink has left any."  The boy looked up from his glasses. "It's rat-trap cheese, that stuff," he growled.  "The other ran out an hour ago and didn't come back," put in the mayor, grinning. "You can kill that with mustard, if it's too lively."  "Get some cigars, will you?" Hunter asked me. "They're on a shelf in the pantry. I have my hands full."  I went for the cigars, remembering to keep my eyes open. The pantry was a small room: it contained an ice-box, stocked with drinkables, ham, eggs and butter. On shelves above were cards, cigars and liquors, and there, too, I saw a box with an indorsement which showed the "honor system" of the Cat Club.  "Sign checks and drop here," it read, and I thought about the old adage of honor among thieves and politicians.  When I came out with the cigars Hunter was standing with a group of new arrivals; they included one of the city physicians, the director of public charities and a judge of a local court. The latter, McFeely, a little, thin Irishman, knew me and accosted me at once. The mayor was busy over the range, and was almost purple with heat and unwonted anxiety.  When the three new-comers went up-stairs, instead of going into the grill-room, I looked at Hunter.  "Is this where the political game is played?" I asked.  "Yes, if the political game is poker," he replied, and led the way into the room which adjoined the kitchen.  No one paid any attention to us. Bare tables, a wooden floor, and almost as many cuspidors as chairs, comprised the furniture of the long room. In one corner was a battered upright piano, and there were two fireplaces with old-fashioned mantels. Perhaps a dozen men were sitting around, talking loudly, with much scraping of chairs on the bare floor. At one table they were throwing poker dice, but the rest were drinking beer and talking in a desultory way. At the piano a man with a red mustache was mimicking the sextette from _Lucia_ and a roar of applause met us as we entered the room. Hunter led the way to a corner and put down his bottles.  "It's fairly quiet to-night," he said. "To-morrow's the big night--Saturday."  "What time do they close up?" I asked. In answer Hunter pointed to a sign over the door. It was a card, neatly printed, and it said, "The White Cat never sleeps."  "There are only two rules here," he explained. "That is one, and the other is, 'If you get too noisy, and the patrol wagon comes, make the driver take you home.'"  The crowd was good-humored; it paid little or no attention to us, and when some one at the piano began to thump a waltz, Hunter, under cover of the noise, leaned over to me.  "We traced Fleming here, through your corner-man and the cabby," he said carefully. "I haven't seen him, but it is a moral certainty he is skulking in one of the up-stairs rooms. His precious private secretary is here, too."  I glanced around the room, but no one was paying any attention to us.  "I don't know Fleming by sight," the detective went on, "and the pictures we have of him were taken a good while ago, when he wore a mustache. When he was in local politics, before he went to the legislature, he practically owned this place, paying for favors with membership tickets. A man could hide here for a year safely. The police never come here, and a man's business is his own."  "He is up-stairs now?"  "Yes. There are four rooms up there for cards, and a bath-room. It's an old dwelling house. Would Fleming know you?"  "No, but of course Wardrop would."  As if in answer to my objection, Wardrop appeared at that moment. He ran down the painted wooden stairs and hurried through the room without looking to right or left. The piano kept on, and the men at the tables were still engrossed with their glasses and one another. Wardrop was very pale; he bolted into a man at the door, and pushed him aside without ceremony.  "You might go up now," Hunter said, rising. "I will see where the young gentleman is making for. Just open the door of the different rooms up-stairs, look around for Fleming, and if any one notices you, ask if Al Hunter is there. That will let you out."  He left me then, and after waiting perhaps a minute, I went up-stairs alone. The second floor was the ordinary upper story of a small dwelling house. The doors were closed, but loud talking, smoke, and the rattle of chips floated out through open transoms. From below the noise of the piano came up the staircase, unmelodious but rhythmical, and from the street on which the house faced an automobile was starting its engine, with a series of shot-like explosions.  The noise was confusing, disconcerting. I opened two doors, to find only the usual poker table, with the winners sitting quietly, their cards bunched in the palms of their hands, and the losers, growing more voluble as the night went on, buying chips recklessly, drinking more than they should. The atmosphere was reeking with smoke.  The third door I opened was that of a dingy bath-room, with a zinc tub and a slovenly wash-stand. The next, however, was different. The light streamed out through the transom as in the other rooms, but there was no noise from within. With my hand on the door, I hesitated--then, with Hunter's injunction ringing in my ears, I opened it and looked in.  A breath of cool night air from an open window met me. There was no noise, no smoke, no sour odor of stale beer. A table had been drawn to the center of the small room, and was littered with papers, pen and ink. At one corner was a tray, containing the remnants of a meal; a pillow and a pair of blankets on a couch at one side showed the room had been serving as a bedchamber.  But none of these things caught my eye at first. At the table, leaning forward, his head on his arms, was a man. I coughed, and receiving no answer, stepped into the room.  "I beg your pardon," I said, "but I am looking, for--"  Then the truth burst on me, overwhelmed me. A thin stream was spreading over the papers on the table, moving slowly, sluggishly, as is the way with blood when the heart pump is stopped. I hurried over and raised the heavy, wobbling, gray head. It was Allan Fleming and he had been shot through the forehead.      My first impulse was to rouse the house; my second, to wait for Hunter. To turn loose that mob of half-drunken men in such a place seemed profanation. There was nothing of the majesty or panoply of death here, but the very sordidness of the surroundings made me resolve to guard the new dignity of that figure. I was shocked, of course; it would be absurd to say that I was emotionally unstrung. On the contrary, I was conscious of a distinct feeling of disappointment. Fleming had been our key to the Bellwood affair, and he had put himself beyond helping to solve any mystery. I locked the door and stood wondering what to do next. I should have called a doctor, no doubt, but I had seen enough of death to know that the man was beyond aid of any kind.  It was not until I had bolted the door that I discovered the absence of any weapon. Everything that had gone before had pointed to a position so untenable that suicide seemed its natural and inevitable result. With the discovery that there was no revolver on the table or floor, the thing was more ominous. I decided at once to call the young city physician in the room across the hall, and with something approximating panic, I threw open the door--to face Harry Wardrop, and behind him, Hunter.  I do not remember that any one spoke. Hunter jumped past me into the room and took in in a single glance what I had labored to acquire in three minutes. As Wardrop came in, Hunter locked the door behind him, and we three stood staring at the prostrate figure over the table.  I watched Wardrop: I have never seen so suddenly abject a picture. He dropped into a chair, and feeling for his handkerchief, wiped his shaking lips; every particle of color left his face, and he was limp, unnerved.  "Did you hear the shot?" Hunter asked me. "It has been a matter of minutes since it happened."  "I don't know," I said, bewildered. "I heard a lot of explosions, but I thought it was an automobile, out in the street."  Hunter was listening while he examined the room, peering under the table, lifting the blankets that had trailed off the couch on to the floor. Some one outside tried the door-knob, and finding the door locked, shook it slightly.  "Fleming!" he called under his breath. "Fleming!"  We were silent, in response to a signal from Hunter, and the steps retreated heavily down the hall. The detective spread the blankets decently over the couch, and the three of us moved the body there. Wardrop was almost collapsing.  "Now," Hunter said quietly, "before I call in Doctor Gray from the room across, what do you know about this thing, Mr. Wardrop?"  Wardrop looked dazed.  "He was in a bad way when I left this morning," he said huskily. "There isn't much use now trying to hide anything; God knows I've done all I could. But he has been using cocaine for years, and to-day he ran out of the stuff. When I got here, about half an hour ago, he was on the verge of killing himself. I got the revolver from him--he was like a crazy man, and as soon as I dared to leave him, I went out to try and find a doctor--"  "To get some cocaine?"  "Yes."  "Not--because he was already wounded, and you were afraid it was fatal?"  Wardrop shuddered; then he pulled himself together, and his tone was more natural.  "What's the use of lying about it?" he said wearily. "You won't believe me if I tell the truth, either, but--he was dead when I got here. I heard something like the bang of a door as I went up-stairs, but the noise was terrific down below, and I couldn't tell. When I went in, he was just dropping forward, and--" he hesitated.  "The revolver?" Hunter queried, lynx-eyed.  "Was in his hand. He was dead then."  "Where is the revolver?"  "I will turn it over to the coroner."  "You will give it to me," Hunter replied sharply. And after a little fumbling, Wardrop produced it from his hip pocket. It was an ordinary thirty-eight. The detective opened it and glanced at it. Two chambers were empty.  "And you waited--say ten minutes, before you called for help, and even then you went outside hunting a doctor! What were you doing in those ten minutes?"  Wardrop shut his lips and refused to reply.  "If Mr. Fleming shot himself," the detective pursued relentlessly, "there would be powder marks around the wound. Then, too, he was in the act of writing a letter. It was a strange impulse, this--you see, he had only written a dozen words."  I glanced at the paper on the table. The letter had no superscription; it began abruptly:       "I shall have to leave here. The numbers have followed me.      To-night--"  That was all.  "This is not suicide," Hunter said gravely. "It is murder, and I warn you, Mr. Wardrop, to be careful what you say. Will you ask Doctor Gray to come in, Mr. Knox?"  I went across the hall to the room where the noise was loudest. Fortunately, Doctor Gray was out of the game. He was opening a can of caviar at a table in the corner and came out in response to a gesture. He did not ask any questions, and I let him go into the death chamber unprepared. The presence of death apparently had no effect on him, but the identity of the dead man almost stupefied him.  "Fleming!" he said, awed, as he looked down at the body. "Fleming, by all that's sacred! And a suicide!"  Hunter watched him grimly.  "How long has he been dead?" he asked.  The doctor glanced at the bullet wound in the forehead, and from there significantly to the group around the couch.  "Not an hour--probably less than half," he said. "It's strange we heard nothing, across the hall there."  Hunter took a clean folded handkerchief from his pocket and opening it laid it gently over the dead face. I think it was a relief to all of us. The doctor got up from his kneeling posture beside the couch, and looked at Hunter inquiringly.  "What about getting him away from here?" he said. "There is sure to be a lot of noise about it, and--you remember what happened when Butler killed himself here."  "He was reported as being found dead in the lumber yard," Hunter said dryly. "Well, Doctor, this body stays where it is, and I don't give a whoop if the whole city government wants it moved. It won't be. This is murder, not suicide."  The doctor's expression was curious.  "Murder!" he repeated. "Why--who--"  But Hunter had many things to attend to; he broke in ruthlessly on the doctor's amazement.  "See if you can get the house empty, Doctor; just tell them he is dead--the story will get out soon enough."  As the doctor left the room Hunter went to the open window, through which a fresh burst of rain was coming, and closed it. The window gave me an idea, and I went over and tried to see through the streaming pane. There was no shed or low building outside, but not five yards away the warehouse showed its ugly walls and broken windows.  "Look here, Hunter," I said, "why could he not have been shot from the warehouse?"  "He could have been--but he wasn't," Hunter affirmed, glancing at Wardrop's drooping figure. "Mr. Wardrop, I am going to send for the coroner, and then I shall ask you to go with me to the office and tell the chief what you know about this. Knox, will you telephone to the coroner?"  In an incredibly short time the club-house was emptied, and before midnight the coroner himself arrived and went up to the room. As for me, I had breakfasted, lunched and dined on horrors, and I sat in the deserted room down-stairs and tried to think how I was to take the news to Margery.  At twelve-thirty Wardrop, Hunter and the coroner came down-stairs, leaving a detective in charge of the body until morning, when it could be taken home. The coroner had a cab waiting, and he took us at once to Hunter's chief. He had not gone to bed, and we filed into his library sepulchrally.  Wardrop told his story, but it was hardly convincing. The chief, a large man who said very little, and leaned back with his eyes partly shut, listened in silence, only occasionally asking a question. The coroner, who was yawning steadily, left in the middle of Wardrop's story, as if in his mind, at least, the guilty man was as good as hanged.  "I am--I was--Mr. Allan Fleming's private secretary," Wardrop began. "I secured the position through a relationship on his wife's side. I have held the position for three years. Before that I read law. For some time I have known that Mr. Fleming used a drug of some kind. Until a week ago I did not know what it was. On the ninth of May, Mr. Fleming sent for me. I was in Plattsburg at the time, and he was at home. He was in a terrible condition--not sleeping at all, and he said he was being followed by some person who meant to kill him. Finally he asked me to get him some cocaine, and when he had taken it he was more like himself.