"Did you ever long, and long, for money--money to use without question, money that no one would take you to task about?  My mother and I have been surrounded for years with every indulgence everything that would make a display.  But we have never had any money, Miss Innes; that must have been why mother rented this house.  My stepfather pays our bills. It's the most maddening, humiliating existence in the world.  I would love honest poverty better."  "Never mind," I said; "when you and Halsey are married you can be as honest as you like, and you will certainly be poor."  Halsey came to the door at that moment and I could hear him coaxing Liddy for admission to the sick room.  "Shall I bring him in?" I asked Louise, uncertain what to do. The girl seemed to shrink back among her pillows at the sound of his voice.  I was vaguely irritated with her; there are few young fellows like Halsey--straightforward, honest, and willing to sacrifice everything for the one woman.  I knew one once, more than thirty years ago, who was like that: he died a long time ago.  And sometimes I take out his picture, with its cane and its queer silk hat, and look at it.  But of late years it has grown too painful: he is always a boy--and I am an old woman.  I would not bring him back if I could.  Perhaps it was some such memory that made me call out sharply.  "Come in, Halsey."  And then I took my sewing and went into the boudoir beyond, to play propriety.  I did not try to hear what they said, but every word came through the open door with curious distinctness. Halsey had evidently gone over to the bed and I suppose he kissed her. There was silence for a moment, as if words were superfluous things.  "I have been almost wild, sweetheart,"--Halsey's voice.  "Why didn't you trust me, and send for me before?"  "It was because I couldn't trust myself," she said in a low tone.  "I am too weak to struggle to-day; oh, Halsey, how I have wanted to see you!"  There was something I did not hear, then Halsey again.  "We could go away," he was saying.  "What does it matter about any one in the world but just the two of us?  To be always together, like this, hand in hand; Louise--don't tell me it isn't going to be.  I won't believe you."  "You don't know; you don't know," Louise repeated dully. "Halsey, I care--you know that--but--not enough to marry you."  "That is not true, Louise," he said sternly.  "You can not look at me with your honest eyes and say that."  "I can not marry you," she repeated miserably.  "It's bad enough, isn't it?  Don't make it worse.  Some day, before long, you will be glad."  "Then it is because you have never loved me."  There were depths of hurt pride in his voice.  "You saw how much I loved you, and you let me think you cared--for a while.  No--that isn't like you, Louise.  There is something you haven't told me.  Is it--because there is some one else?"  "Yes," almost inaudibly.  "Louise!  Oh, I don't believe it."  "It is true," she said sadly.  "Halsey, you must not try to see me again.  As soon as I can, I am going away from here--where you are all so much kinder than I deserve.  And whatever you hear about me, try to think as well of me as you can.  I am going to marry--another man.  How you must hate me--hate me!"  I could hear Halsey cross the room to the window.  Then, after a pause, he went back to her again.  I could hardly sit still; I wanted to go in and give her a good shaking.  "Then it's all over," he was saying with a long breath.  "The plans we made together, the hopes, the--all of it--over!  Well, I'll not be a baby, and I'll give you up the minute you say 'I don't love you and I do love--some one else'!"  "I can not say that," she breathed, "but, very soon, I shall marry--the other man."  I could hear Halsey's low triumphant laugh.  "I defy him," he said.  "Sweetheart, as long as you care for me, I am not afraid."  The wind slammed the door between the two rooms just then, and I could hear nothing more, although I moved my chair quite close. After a discreet interval, I went into the other room, and found Louise alone. She was staring with sad eyes at the cherub painted on the ceiling over the bed, and because she looked tired I did not disturb her.     We had discovered Louise at the lodge Tuesday night.  It was Wednesday I had my interview with her.  Thursday and Friday were uneventful, save as they marked improvement in our patient. Gertrude spent almost all the time with her, and the two had grown to be great friends.  But certain things hung over me constantly; the coroner's inquest on the death of Arnold Armstrong, to be held Saturday, and the arrival of Mrs. Armstrong and young Doctor Walker, bringing the body of the dead president of the Traders' Bank.  We had not told Louise of either death.  Then, too, I was anxious about the children.  With their mother's inheritance swept away in the wreck of the bank, and with their love affairs in a disastrous condition, things could scarcely be worse. Added to that, the cook and Liddy had a flare-up over the proper way to make beef-tea for Louise, and, of course, the cook left.  Mrs. Watson had been glad enough, I think, to turn Louise over to our care, and Thomas went upstairs night and morning to greet his young mistress from the doorway.  Poor Thomas!  He had the faculty--found still in some old negroes, who cling to the traditions of slavery days--of making his employer's interest his.  It was always "we" with Thomas; I miss him sorely; pipe-smoking, obsequious, not over reliable, kindly old man!  On Thursday Mr. Harton, the Armstrongs' legal adviser, called up from town.  He had been advised, he said, that Mrs. Armstrong was coming east with her husband's body and would arrive Monday.  He came with some hesitation, he went on, to the fact that he had been further instructed to ask me to relinquish my lease on Sunnyside, as it was Mrs. Armstrong's desire to come directly there.  I was aghast.  "Here!" I said.  "Surely you are mistaken, Mr. Harton.  I should think, after--what happened here only a few days ago, she would never wish to come back."  "Nevertheless," he replied, "she is most anxious to come.  This is what she says.  'Use every possible means to have Sunnyside vacated.  Must go there at once.'"  "Mr. Harton," I said testily, "I am not going to do anything of the kind.  I and mine have suffered enough at the hands of this family.  I rented the house at an exorbitant figure and I have moved out here for the summer.  My city home is dismantled and in the hands of decorators. I have been here one week, during which I have had not a single night of uninterrupted sleep, and I intend to stay until I have recuperated. Moreover, if Mr. Armstrong died insolvent, as I believe was the case, his widow ought to be glad to be rid of so expensive a piece of property."  The lawyer cleared his throat.  "I am very sorry you have made this decision," he said.  "Miss Innes, Mrs. Fitzhugh tells me Louise Armstrong is with you."  "She is."  "Has she been informed of this--double bereavement?"  "Not yet," I said.  "She has been very ill; perhaps to-night she can be told."  "It is very sad; very sad," he said.  "I have a telegram for her, Mrs. Innes.  Shall I send it out?"  "Better open it and read it to me," I suggested.  "If it is important, that will save time."  There was a pause while Mr. Harton opened the telegram.  Then he read it slowly, judicially.  "'Watch for Nina Carrington.  Home Monday.  Signed F. L. W.'"  "Hum!" I said.  "'Watch for Nina Carrington.  Home Monday.'  Very well, Mr. Harton, I will tell her, but she is not in condition to watch for any one."  "Well, Miss Innes, if you decide to--er--relinquish the lease, let me know," the lawyer said.  "I shall not relinquish it," I replied, and I imagined his irritation from the way he hung up the receiver.  I wrote the telegram down word for word, afraid to trust my memory, and decided to ask Doctor Stewart how soon Louise might be told the truth. The closing of the Traders' Bank I considered unnecessary for her to know, but the death of her stepfather and stepbrother must be broken to her soon, or she might hear it in some unexpected and shocking manner.  Doctor Stewart came about four o'clock, bringing his leather satchel into the house with a great deal of care, and opening it at the foot of the stairs to show me a dozen big yellow eggs nesting among the bottles.  "Real eggs," he said proudly.  "None of your anemic store eggs, but the real thing--some of them still warm.  Feel them!  Egg-nog for Miss Louise."  He was beaming with satisfaction, and before he left, he insisted on going back to the pantry and making an egg-nog with his own hands. Somehow, all the time he was doing it, I had a vision of Doctor Willoughby, my nerve specialist in the city, trying to make an egg-nog. I wondered if he ever prescribed anything so plebeian--and so delicious.  And while Doctor Stewart whisked the eggs he talked.  "I said to Mrs. Stewart," he confided, a little red in the face from the exertion, "after I went home the other day, that you would think me an old gossip, for saying what I did about Walker and Miss Louise."  "Nothing of the sort," I protested.  "The fact is," he went on, evidently justifying him self, "I got that piece of information just as we get a lot of things, through the kitchen end of the house.  Young Walker's chauffeur--Walker's more fashionable than I am, and he goes around the country in a Stanhope car--well, his chauffeur comes to see our servant girl, and he told her the whole thing.  I thought it was probable, because Walker spent a lot of time up here last summer, when the family was here, and besides, Riggs, that's Walker's man, had a very pat little story about the doctor's building a house on this property, just at the foot of the hill.  The sugar, please."  The egg-nog was finished.  Drop by drop the liquor had cooked the egg, and now, with a final whisk, a last toss in the shaker, it was ready, a symphony in gold and white.  The doctor sniffed it.  "Real eggs, real milk, and a touch of real Kentucky whisky," he said.  He insisted on carrying it up himself, but at the foot of the stairs he paused.  "Riggs said the plans were drawn for the house," he said, harking back to the old subject.  "Drawn by Huston in town.  So I naturally believed him."  When the doctor came down, I was ready with a question.  "Doctor," I asked, "is there any one in the neighborhood named Carrington?  Nina Carrington?"  "Carrington?"  He wrinkled his forehead.  "Carrington?  No, I don't remember any such family.  There used to be Covingtons down the creek."  "The name was Carrington," I said, and the subject lapsed.  Gertrude and Halsey went for a long walk that afternoon, and Louise slept.  Time hung heavy on my hands, and I did as I had fallen into a habit of doing lately--I sat down and thought things over.  One result of my meditations was that I got up suddenly and went to the telephone. I had taken the most intense dislike to this Doctor Walker, whom I had never seen, and who was being talked of in the countryside as the fiance of Louise Armstrong.  I knew Sam Huston well.  There had been a time, when Sam was a good deal younger than he is now, before he had married Anne Endicott, when I knew him even better.  So now I felt no hesitation in calling him over the telephone.  But when his office boy had given way to his confidential clerk, and that functionary had condescended to connect his employer's desk telephone, I was somewhat at a loss as to how to begin.  "Why, how are you, Rachel?" Sam said sonorously.  "Going to build that house at Rock View?"  It was a twenty-year-old joke of his.  "Sometime, perhaps," I said.  "Just now I want to ask you a question about something which is none of my business."  "I see you haven't changed an iota in a quarter of a century, Rachel." This was intended to be another jest.  "Ask ahead: everything but my domestic affairs is at your service."  "Try to be serious," I said.  "And tell me this: has your firm made any plans for a house recently, for a Doctor Walker, at Casanova?"  "Yes, we have."  "Where was it to be built?  I have a reason for asking."  "It was to be, I believe, on the Armstrong place.  Mr. Armstrong himself consulted me, and the inference was--in fact, I am quite certain--the house was to be occupied by Mr. Armstrong's daughter, who was engaged to marry Doctor Walker."  When the architect had inquired for the different members of my family, and had finally rung off, I was certain of one thing. Louise Armstrong was in love with Halsey, and the man she was going to marry was Doctor Walker.  Moreover, this decision was not new; marriage had been contemplated for some time. There must certainly be some explanation--but what was it?  That day I repeated to Louise the telegram Mr. Warton had opened.  She seemed to understand, but an unhappier face I have never seen.  She looked like a criminal whose reprieve is over, and the day of execution approaching.     The next day, Friday, Gertrude broke the news of her stepfather's death to Louise.  She did it as gently as she could, telling her first that he was very ill, and finally that he was dead.  Louise received the news in the most unexpected manner, and when Gertrude came out to tell me how she had stood it, I think she was almost shocked.  "She just lay and stared at me, Aunt Ray," she said.  "Do you know, I believe she is glad, glad!  And she is too honest to pretend anything else.  What sort of man was Mr. Paul Armstrong, anyhow?"  "He was a bully as well as a rascal, Gertrude," I said.  "But I am convinced of one thing; Louise will send for Halsey now, and they will make it all up."  For Louise had steadily refused to see Halsey all that day, and the boy was frantic.  We had a quiet hour, Halsey and I, that evening, and I told him several things; about the request that we give up the lease to Sunnyside, about the telegram to Louise, about the rumors of an approaching marriage between the girl and Doctor Walker, and, last of all, my own interview with her the day before.  He sat back in a big chair, with his face in the shadow, and my heart fairly ached for him.  He was so big and so boyish!  When I had finished he drew a long breath.  "Whatever Louise does," he said, "nothing will convince me, Aunt Ray, that she doesn't care for me.  And up to two months ago, when she and her mother went west, I was the happiest fellow on earth.  Then something made a difference: she wrote me that her people were opposed to the marriage; that her feeling for me was what it had always been, but that something had happened which had changed her ideas as to the future.  I was not to write until she wrote me, and whatever occurred, I was to think the best I could of her.  It sounded like a puzzle. When I saw her yesterday, it was the same thing, only, perhaps, worse."  "Halsey," I asked, "have you any idea of the nature of the interview between Louise Armstrong and Arnold the night he was murdered?"  "It was stormy.  Thomas says once or twice he almost broke into the room, he was so alarmed for Louise."  "Another thing, Halsey," I said, "have you ever heard Louise mention a woman named Carrington, Nina Carrington?"  "Never," he said positively.  For try as we would, our thoughts always came back to that fatal Saturday night, and the murder.  Every conversational path led to it, and we all felt that Jamieson was tightening the threads of evidence around John Bailey.  The detective's absence was hardly reassuring; he must have had something to work on in town, or he would have returned.  The papers reported that the cashier of the Traders' Bank was ill in his apartments at the Knickerbocker--a condition not surprising, considering everything.  The guilt of the defunct president was no longer in doubt; the missing bonds had been advertised and some of them discovered.  In every instance they had been used as collateral for large loans, and the belief was current that not less than a million and a half dollars had been realized.  Every one connected with the bank had been placed under arrest, and released on heavy bond.  Was he alone in his guilt, or was the cashier his accomplice? Where was the money?  The estate of the dead man was comparatively small--a city house on a fashionable street, Sunnyside, a large estate largely mortgaged, an insurance of fifty thousand dollars, and some personal property--this was all.  The rest lost in speculation probably, the papers said.  There was one thing which looked uncomfortable for Jack Bailey: he and Paul Armstrong together had promoted a railroad company in New Mexico, and it was rumored that together they had sunk large sums of money there.  The business alliance between the two men added to the belief that Bailey knew something of the looting.  His unexplained absence from the bank on Monday lent color to the suspicion against him.  The strange thing seemed to be his surrendering himself on the point of departure.  To me, it seemed the shrewd calculation of a clever rascal.  I was not actively antagonistic to Gertrude's lover, but I meant to be convinced, one way or the other.  I took no one on faith.  That night the Sunnyside ghost began to walk again.  Liddy had been sleeping in Louise's dressing-room on a couch, and the approach of dusk was a signal for her to barricade the entire suite.  Situated as its was, beyond the circular staircase, nothing but an extremity of excitement would have made her pass it after dark.  I confess myself that the place seemed to me to have a sinister appearance, but we kept that wing well lighted, and until the lights went out at midnight it was really cheerful, if one did not know its history.  On Friday night, then, I had gone to bed, resolved to go at once to sleep.  Thoughts that insisted on obtruding themselves I pushed resolutely to the back of my mind, and I systematically relaxed every muscle.  I fell asleep soon, and was dreaming that Doctor Walker was building his new house immediately in front of my windows: I could hear the thump-thump of the hammers, and then I waked to a knowledge that somebody was pounding on my door.  I was up at once, and with the sound of my footstep on the floor the low knocking ceased, to be followed immediately by sibilant whispering through the keyhole.  "Miss Rachel! Miss Rachel!" somebody was saying, over and over.  "Is that you, Liddy?" I asked, my hand on the knob.  "For the love of mercy, let me in!" she said in a low tone.  She was leaning against the door, for when I opened it, she fell in. She was greenish-white, and she had a red and black barred flannel petticoat over her shoulders.  "Listen," she said, standing in the middle of the floor and holding on to me.  "Oh, Miss Rachel, it's the ghost of that dead man hammering to get in!"  Sure enough, there was a dull thud--thud--thud from some place near. It was muffled: one rather felt than heard it, and it was impossible to locate.  One moment it seemed to come, three taps and a pause, from the floor under us: the next, thud--thud--thud--it came apparently from the wall. It seemed a pity to twist it up again, but when I suggested this, cautiously, she said it was troublesome and got in her eyes when it was loose. So she gathered it up, while I held a row of little shell combs and pins, and when it was done it was vastly becoming, too. Funny about hair: a man never knows he has it until he begins to lose it, but it's different with a girl. Something of the unconventional situation began to dawn on her as she put in the last hair-pin and patted some stray locks to place.  "I have not told you my name," she said abruptly. "I forgot that because I know who you are, you know nothing about me. I am Alison West, and my home is in Richmond."  So that was it! This was the girl of the photograph on John Gilmore's bedside table. The girl McKnight expected to see in Richmond the next day, Sunday! She was on her way back to meet him! Well, what difference did it make, anyhow? We had been thrown together by the merest chance. In an hour or two at the most we would be back in civilization and she would recall me, if she remembered me at all, as an unshaven creature in a red cravat and tan shoes, with a soiled Pullman sheet tied around my neck. I drew a deep breath.  "Just a twinge," I said, when she glanced up quickly. "It's very good of you to let me know, Miss West. I have been hearing delightful things about you for three months."  "From Richey McKnight?" She was frankly curious.  "Yes. From Richey McKnight," I assented. Was it any wonder McKnight was crazy about her? I dug my heels into the dust.  "I have been visiting near Cresson, in the mountains," Miss West was saying. "The person you mentioned, Mrs. Curtis, was my hostess. We--we were on our way to Washington together." She spoke slowly, as if she wished to give the minimum of explanation. Across her face had come again the baffling expression of perplexity and trouble I had seen before.  "You were on your way home, I suppose? Richey spoke about seeing you," I floundered, finding it necessary to say something. She looked at me with level, direct eyes.  "No," she returned quietly. "I did not intend to go home. I--well, it doesn't matter; I am going home now."  A woman in a calico dress, with two children, each an exact duplicate of the other, had come quickly down the road. She took in the situation at a glance, and was explosively hospitable.  "You poor things," she said. "If you'll take the first road to the left over there, and turn in at the second pigsty, you will find breakfast on the table and a coffee-pot on the stove. And there's plenty of soap and water, too. Don't say one word. There isn't a soul there to see you."  We accepted the invitation and she hurried on toward the excitement and the railroad. I got up carefully and helped Miss West to her feet.  "At the second pigsty to the left," I repeated, "we will find the breakfast I promised you seven eternities ago. Forward to the pigsty!"  We said very little for the remainder of that walk. I had almost reached the limit of endurance: with every step the broken ends of the bone grated together. We found the farm-house without difficulty, and I remember wondering if I could hold out to the end of the old stone walk that led between hedges to the door.  "Allah be praised," I said with all the voice I could muster. "Behold the coffee-pot!" And then I put down the grip and folded up like a jack-knife on the porch floor.  When I came around something hot was trickling down my neck, and a despairing voice was saying, "Oh, I don't seem to be able to pour it into your mouth. Please open your eyes."  "But I don't want it in my eyes," I replied dreamily. "I haven't any idea what came over me. It was the shoes, I think: the left one is a red-hot torture." I was sitting by that time and looking across into her face.  Never before or since have I fainted, but I would do it joyfully, a dozen times a day, if I could waken again to the blissful touch of soft fingers on my face, the hot ecstasy of coffee spilled by those fingers down my neck. There was a thrill in every tone of her voice that morning. Before long my loyalty to McKnight would step between me and the girl he loved: life would develop new complexities. In those early hours after the wreck, full of pain as they were, there was nothing of the suspicion and distrust that came later. Shorn of our gauds and baubles, we were primitive man and woman, together: our world for the hour was the deserted farm-house, the slope of wheat-field that led to the road, the woodland lot, the pasture.  We breakfasted together across the homely table. Our cheerfulness, at first sheer reaction, became less forced as we ate great slices of bread from the granny oven back of the house, and drank hot fluid that smelled like coffee and tasted like nothing that I have ever swallowed. We found cream in stone jars, sunk deep in the chill water of the spring house. And there were eggs, great yellow-brown ones,--a basket of them.  So, like two children awakened from a nightmare, we chattered over our food: we hunted mutual friends, we laughed together at my feeble witticisms, but we put the horror behind us resolutely. After all, it was the hat with the green ribbons that brought back the strangeness of the situation.  All along I had had the impression that Alison West was deliberately putting out of her mind something that obtruded now and then. It brought with it a return of the puzzled expression that I had surprised early in the day, before the wreck. I caught it once, when, breakfast over, she was tightening the sling that held the broken arm. I had prolonged the morning meal as much as I could, but when the wooden clock with the pink roses on the dial pointed to half after ten, and the mother with the duplicate youngsters had not come back, Miss West made the move I had dreaded.  "If we are to get into Baltimore at all we must start," she said, rising. "You ought to see a doctor as soon as possible."  "Hush," I said warningly. "Don't mention the arm, please; it is asleep now. You may rouse it."  "If I only had a hat," she reflected. "It wouldn't need to be much of one, but--" She gave a little cry and darted to the corner. "Look," she said triumphantly, "the very thing. With the green streamers tied up in a bow, like this--do you suppose the child would mind? I can put five dollars or so here--that would buy a dozen of them."  It was a queer affair of straw, that hat, with a round crown and a rim that flopped dismally. With a single movement she had turned it up at one side and fitted it to her head. Grotesque by itself, when she wore it it was a thing of joy.  Evidently the lack of head covering had troubled her, for she was elated at her find. She left me, scrawling a note of thanks and pinning it with a bill to the table-cloth, and ran up-stairs to the mirror and the promised soap and water.  I did not see her when she came down. I had discovered a bench with a tin basin outside the kitchen door, and was washing, in a helpless, one-sided way. I felt rather than saw that she was standing in the door-way, and I made a final plunge into the basin.  "How is it possible for a man with only a right hand to wash his left ear?" I asked from the roller towel. I was distinctly uncomfortable: men are more rigidly creatures of convention than women, whether they admit it or not. "There is so much soap on me still that if I laugh I will blow bubbles. Washing with rain-water and home-made soap is like motoring on a slippery road. I only struck the high places."  Then, having achieved a brilliant polish with the towel, I looked at the girl.  She was leaning against the frame of the door, her face perfectly colorless, her breath coming in slow, difficult respirations. The erratic hat was pinned to place, but it had slid rakishly to one side. When I realized that she was staring, not at me, but past me to the road along which we had come, I turned and followed her gaze. There was no one in sight: the lane stretched dust white in the sun,--no moving figure on it, no sign of life.       The surprising change in her held me speechless. All the animation of the breakfast table was gone: there was no hint of the response with which, before, she had met my nonsensical sallies. She stood there, white-lipped, unsmiling, staring down the dusty road. One hand was clenched tight over some small object. Her eyes dropped to it from the distant road, and then closed, with a quick, indrawn breath. Her color came back slowly. Whatever had caused the change, she said nothing. She was anxious to leave at once, almost impatient over my deliberate masculine way of getting my things together. Afterward I recalled that I had wanted to explore the barn for a horse and some sort of a vehicle to take us to the trolley, and that she had refused to allow me to look. I remembered many things later that might have helped me, and did not. At the time, I was only completely bewildered. Save the wreck, the responsibility for which lay between Providence and the engineer of the second section, all the events of that strange morning were logically connected; they came from one cause, and tended unerringly to one end. But the cause was buried, the end not yet in view.  Not until we had left the house well behind did the girl's face relax its tense lines. I was watching her more closely than I had realized, for when we had gone a little way along the road she turned to me almost petulantly. "Please don't stare so at me," she said, to my sudden confusion. "I know the hat is dreadful. Green always makes me look ghastly."  "Perhaps it was the green." I was unaccountably relieved. "Do you know, a few minutes ago, you looked almost pallid to me!"  She glanced at me quickly, but I was gazing ahead. We were out of sight of the house, now, and with every step away from it the girl was obviously relieved. Whatever she held in her hand, she never glanced at it. But she was conscious of it every second. She seemed to come to a decision about it while we were still in sight of the gate, for she murmured something and turned back alone, going swiftly, her feet stirring up small puffs of dust at every step. She fastened something to the gate-post,--I could see the nervous haste with which she worked. When she joined me again it was without explanation. But the clenched fingers were free now, and while she looked tired and worn, the strain had visibly relaxed.  We walked along slowly in the general direction of the suburban trolley line. Once a man with an empty wagon offered us a lift, but after a glance at the springless vehicle I declined.  "The ends of the bone think they are castanets as it is," I explained. "But the lady--"  The young lady, however, declined and we went on together. Once, when the trolley line was in sight, she got a pebble in her low shoe, and we sat down under a tree until she found the cause of the trouble.  "I--I don't know what I should have done without you," I blundered. "Moral support and--and all that. Do you know, my first conscious thought after the wreck was of relief that you had not been hurt?"  She was sitting beside me, where a big chestnut tree shaded the road, and I surprised a look of misery on her face that certainly my words had not been meant to produce.  "And my first thought," she said slowly, "was regret that I--that I hadn't been obliterated, blown out like a candle. Please don't look like that! I am only talking."  But her lips were trembling, and because the little shams of society are forgotten at times like this, I leaned over and patted her hand lightly, where it rested on the grass beside me.  "You must not say those things," I expostulated. "Perhaps, after all, your friends--"  "I had no friends on the train." Her voice was hard again, her tone final. She drew her hand from under mine, not quickly, but decisively. A car was in sight, coming toward us. The steel finger of civilization, of propriety, of visiting cards and formal introductions was beckoning us in. Miss West put on her shoe.  We said little on the car. The few passengers stared at us frankly, and discussed the wreck, emphasizing its horrors. The girl did not seem to hear. Once she turned to me with the quick, unexpected movement that was one of her charms.  "I do not wish my mother to know I was in the accident," she said. "Will you please not tell Richey about having met me?"  I gave my promise, of course. Again, when we were almost into Baltimore, she asked to examine the gun-metal cigarette case, and sat silent with it in her hands, while I told of the early morning's events on the Ontario.  "So you see," I finished, "this grip, everything I have on, belongs to a fellow named Sullivan. He probably left the train before the wreck,--perhaps just after the murder."  "And so--you think he committed the--the crime?" Her eyes were on the cigarette case.  "Naturally," I said. "A man doesn't jump off a Pullman car in the middle of the night in another man's clothes, unless he is trying to get away from something. Besides the dirk, there were the stains that you saw. Why, I have the murdered man's pocket-book in this valise at my feet. What does that look like?"  I colored when I saw the ghost of a smile hovering around the corners of her mouth. "That is," I finished, "if you care to believe that I am innocent."  The sustaining chain of her small gold bag gave way just then. She did not notice it. I picked it up and slid the trinket into my pocket for safekeeping, where I promptly forgot it. Afterwards I wished I had let it lie unnoticed on the floor of that dirty little suburban car, and even now, when I see a woman carelessly dangling a similar feminine trinket, I shudder involuntarily: there comes back to me the memory of a girl's puzzled eyes under the brim of a flopping hat, the haunting suspicion of the sleepless nights that followed.  Just then I was determined that my companion should not stray back to the wreck, and to that end I was determinedly facetious.  "Do you know that it is Sunday?" she asked suddenly, "and that we are actually ragged?"  "Never mind that," I retorted. "All Baltimore is divided on Sunday into three parts, those who rise up and go to church, those who rise up and read the newspapers, and those who don't rise up. The first are somewhere between the creed and the sermon, and we need not worry about the others."  "You treat me like a child," she said almost pettishly. "Don't try so hard to be cheerful. It--it is almost ghastly."  After that I subsided like a pricked balloon, and the remainder of the ride was made in silence. The information that she would go to friends in the city was a shock: it meant an earlier separation than I had planned for. But my arm was beginning again. In putting her into a cab I struck it and gritted my teeth with the pain. It was probably for that reason that I forgot the gold bag.  She leaned forward and held out her hand. "I may not have another chance to thank you," she said, "and I think I would better not try, anyhow. I cannot tell you how grateful I am." I muttered something about the gratitude being mine: owing to the knock I was seeing two cabs, and two girls were holding out two hands.  "Remember," they were both saying, "you have never met me, Mr. Blakeley. And--if you ever hear anything about me--that is not--pleasant, I want you to think the best you can of me. Will you?"  The two girls were one now, with little flashes of white light playing all around. "I--I'm afraid that I shall think too well for my own good,"  I said unsteadily. And the cab drove on.       I had my arm done up temporarily in Baltimore and took the next train home. I was pretty far gone when I stumbled out of a cab almost into the scandalized arms of Mrs. Klopton. In fifteen minutes I was in bed, with that good woman piling on blankets and blistering me in unprotected places with hot-water bottles. And in an hour I had a whiff of chloroform and Doctor Williams had set the broken bone.  I dropped asleep then, waking in the late twilight to a realization that I was at home again, without the papers that meant conviction for Andy Bronson, with a charge of murder hanging over my head, and with something more than an impression of the girl my best friend was in love with, a girl moreover who was almost as great an enigma as the crime itself.  "And I'm no hand at guessing riddles," I groaned half aloud. Mrs. Klopton came over promptly and put a cold cloth on my forehead.  "Euphemia," she said to some one outside the door, "telephone the doctor that he is still rambling, but that he has switched from green ribbons to riddles."  "There's nothing the matter with me, Mrs. Klopton," I rebelled. "I was only thinking out loud. Confound that cloth: it's trickling all over me!" I gave it a fling, and heard it land with a soggy thud on the floor.  "Thinking out loud is delirium," Mrs. Klopton said imperturbably. "A fresh cloth, Euphemia."  This time she held it on with a firm pressure that I was too weak to resist. I expostulated feebly that I was drowning, which she also laid to my mental exaltation, and then I finally dropped into a damp sleep. It was probably midnight when I roused again. I had been dreaming of the wreck, and it was inexpressibly comforting to feel the stability of my bed, and to realize the equal stability of Mrs. Klopton, who sat, fully attired, by the night light, reading Science and Health.  "Does that book say anything about opening the windows on a hot night?"  I suggested, when I had got my bearings.  She put it down immediately and came over to me. If there is one time when Mrs. Klopton is chastened--and it is the only time--it is when she reads Science and Health. "I don't like to open the shutters, Mr. Lawrence," she explained. "Not since the night you went away."  But, pressed further, she refused to explain. "The doctor said you were not to be excited," she persisted. "Here's your beef tea."  "Not a drop until you tell me," I said firmly. "Besides, you know very well there's nothing the matter with me. This arm of mine is only a false belief." I sat up gingerly. "Now--why don't you open that window?"  Mrs. Klopton succumbed. "Because there are queer goings-on in that house next door," she said. "If you will take the beef tea, Mr. Lawrence, I will tell you."  The queer goings-on, however, proved to be slightly disappointing. It seemed that after I left on Friday night, a light was seen flitting fitfully through the empty house next door. Euphemia had seen it first and called Mrs. Klopton. Together they had watched it breathlessly until it disappeared on the lower floor.  "You should have been a writer of ghost stories," I said, giving my pillows a thump. "Constable," he said laconically.  "Veteran of the war, one arm; in office to conciliate the G. A. R. element.  Why?"  "Because I am uneasy to-night."  And I told him what Liddy had said. "Is there any one you can think of who could be relied on to watch the outside of the house to-night?"  "We might get Sam Bohannon from the club," he said thoughtfully. "It wouldn't be a bad scheme.  He's a smart darky, and with his mouth shut and his shirt-front covered, you couldn't see him a yard off in the dark."  Halsey conferred with Alex, and the result, in an hour, was Sam. His instructions were simple.  There had been numerous attempts to break into the house; it was the intention, not to drive intruders away, but to capture them.  If Sam saw anything suspicious outside, he was to tap at the east entry, where Alex and Halsey were to alternate in keeping watch through the night.  It was with a comfortable feeling of security that I went to bed that night.  The door between Gertrude's rooms and mine had been opened, and, with the doors into the hall bolted, we were safe enough. Although Liddy persisted in her belief that doors would prove no obstacles to our disturbers.  As before, Halsey watched the east entry from ten until two. He had an eye to comfort, and he kept vigil in a heavy oak chair, very large and deep.  We went up-stairs rather early, and through the open door Gertrude and I kept up a running fire of conversation.  Liddy was brushing my hair, and Gertrude was doing her own, with a long free sweep of her strong round arms.  "Did you know Mrs. Armstrong and Louise are in the village?" she called.  "No," I replied, startled.  "How did you hear it?"  "I met the oldest Stewart girl to-day, the doctor's daughter, and she told me they had not gone back to town after the funeral. They went directly to that little yellow house next to Doctor Walker's, and are apparently settled there.  They took the house furnished for the summer."  "Why, it's a bandbox," I said.  "I can't imagine Fanny Armstrong in such a place."  "It's true, nevertheless.  Ella Stewart says Mrs. Armstrong has aged terribly, and looks as if she is hardly able to walk."  I lay and thought over some of these things until midnight.  The electric lights went out then, fading slowly until there was only a red-hot loop to be seen in the bulb, and then even that died away and we were embarked on the darkness of another night.  Apparently only a few minutes elapsed, during which my eyes were becoming accustomed to the darkness.  Then I noticed that the windows were reflecting a faint pinkish light, Liddy noticed it at the same time, and I heard her jump up.  At that moment Sam's deep voice boomed from somewhere just below.  "Fire!" he yelled.  "The stable's on fire!"  I could see him in the glare dancing up and down on the drive, and a moment later Halsey joined him.  Alex was awake and running down the stairs, and in five minutes from the time the fire was discovered, three of the maids were sitting on their trunks in the drive, although, excepting a few sparks, there was no fire nearer than a hundred yards.  Gertrude seldom loses her presence of mind, and she ran to the telephone.  But by the time the Casanova volunteer fire department came toiling up the hill the stable was a furnace, with the Dragon Fly safe but blistered, in the road.  Some gasolene exploded just as the volunteer department got to work, which shook their nerves as well as the burning building.  The stable, being on a hill, was a torch to attract the population from every direction.  Rumor had it that Sunnyside was burning, and it was amazing how many people threw something over their night-clothes and flew to the conflagration.  I take it Casanova has few fires, and Sunnyside was furnishing the people, in one way and another, the greatest excitement they had had for years.  The stable was off the west wing.  I hardly know how I came to think of the circular staircase and the unguarded door at its foot.  Liddy was putting my clothes into sheets, preparatory to tossing them out the window, when I found her, and I could hardly persuade her to stop.  "I want you to come with me, Liddy," I said.  "Bring a candle and a couple of blankets."  She lagged behind considerably when she saw me making for the east wing, and at the top of the staircase she balked.  "I am not going down there," she said firmly.  "There is no one guarding the door down there," I explained. "Who knows?--this may be a scheme to draw everybody away from this end of the house, and let some one in here."  The instant I had said it I was convinced I had hit on the explanation, and that perhaps it was already too late.  It seemed to me as I listened that I heard stealthy footsteps on the east porch, but there was so much shouting outside that it was impossible to tell.  Liddy was on the point of retreat.  "Very well," I said, "then I shall go down alone.  Run back to Mr. Halsey's room and get his revolver.  Don't shoot down the stairs if you hear a noise: remember--I shall be down there.  And hurry."  I put the candle on the floor at the top of the staircase and took off my bedroom slippers.  Then I crept down the stairs, going very slowly, and listening with all my ears.  I was keyed to such a pitch that I felt no fear: like the condemned who sleep and eat the night before execution, I was no longer able to suffer apprehension.  I was past that.  Just at the foot of the stairs I stubbed my toe against Halsey's big chair, and had to stand on one foot in a soundless agony until the pain subsided to a dull ache.  And then--I knew I was right.  Some one had put a key into the lock, and was turning it.  For some reason it refused to work, and the key was withdrawn.  There was a muttering of voices outside: I had only a second.  Another trial, and the door would open.  The candle above made a faint gleam down the well-like staircase, and at that moment, with a second, no more, to spare, I thought of a plan.  The heavy oak chair almost filled the space between the newel post and the door.  With a crash I had turned it on its side, wedging it against the door, its legs against the stairs.  I could hear a faint scream from Liddy, at the crash, and then she came down the stairs on a run, with the revolver held straight out in front of her.  "Thank God," she said, in a shaking voice.  "I thought it was you."  I pointed to the door, and she understood.  "Call out the windows at the other end of the house," I whispered. "Run.  Tell them not to wait for anything."  She went up the stairs at that, two at a time.  Evidently she collided with the candle, for it went out, and I was left in darkness.  I was really astonishingly cool.  I remember stepping over the chair and gluing my ear to the door, and I shall never forget feeling it give an inch or two there in the darkness, under a steady pressure from without.  But the chair held, although I could hear an ominous cracking of one of the legs.  And then, without the slightest warning, the card-room window broke with a crash.  I had my finger on the trigger of the revolver, and as I jumped it went off, right through the door. Some one outside swore roundly, and for the first time I could hear what was said.  "Only a scratch. . . .  Men are at the other end of the house. . . . Have the whole rat's nest on us."  And a lot of profanity which I won't write down.  The voices were at the broken window now, and although I was trembling violently, I was determined that I would hold them until help came.  I moved up the stairs until I could see into the card-room, or rather through it, to the window.  As I looked a small man put his leg over the sill and stepped into the room.  The curtain confused him for a moment; then he turned, not toward me, but toward the billiard-room door.  I fired again, and something that was glass or china crashed to the ground.  Then I ran up the stairs and along the corridor to the main staircase.  Gertrude was standing there, trying to locate the shots, and I must have been a peculiar figure, with my hair in crimps, my dressing-gown flying, no slippers, and a revolver clutched in my hands I had no time to talk.  There was the sound of footsteps in the lower hall, and some one bounded up the stairs.  I had gone Berserk, I think.  I leaned over the stair-rail and fired again.  Halsey, below, yelled at me.  "What are you doing up there?" he yelled.  "You missed me by an inch."  And then I collapsed and fainted.  When I came around Liddy was rubbing my temples with eau de quinine, and the search was in full blast.  Well, the man was gone.  The stable burned to the ground, while the crowd cheered at every falling rafter, and the volunteer fire department sprayed it with a garden hose.  And in the house Alex and Halsey searched every corner of the lower floor, finding no one.  The truth of my story was shown by the broken window and the overturned chair.  That the unknown had got up-stairs was almost impossible.  He had not used the main staircase, there was no way to the upper floor in the east wing, and Liddy had been at the window, in the west wing, where the servants' stair went up.  But we did not go to bed at all. Sam Bohannon and Warner helped in the search, and not a closet escaped scrutiny.  Even the cellars were given a thorough overhauling, without result.  The door in the east entry had a hole through it where my bullet had gone.  The hole slanted downward, and the bullet was embedded in the porch. Some reddish stains showed it had done execution.  "Somebody will walk lame," Halsey said, when he had marked the course of the bullet.  "It's too low to have hit anything but a leg or foot."  From that time on I watched every person I met for a limp, and to this day the man who halts in his walk is an object of suspicion to me.  But Casanova had no lame men: the nearest approach to it was an old fellow who tended the safety gates at the railroad, and he, I learned on inquiry, had two artificial legs.  Our man had gone, and the large and expensive stable at Sunnyside was a heap of smoking rafters and charred boards.  Warner swore the fire was incendiary, and in view of the attempt to enter the house, there seemed to be no doubt of it.     If Halsey had only taken me fully into his confidence, through the whole affair, it would have been much simpler.  If he had been altogether frank about Jack Bailey, and if the day after the fire he had told me what he suspected, there would have been no harrowing period for all of us, with the boy in danger.  But young people refuse to profit by the experience of their elders, and sometimes the elders are the ones to suffer.  I was much used up the day after the fire, and Gertrude insisted on my going out.  The machine was temporarily out of commission, and the carriage horses had been sent to a farm for the summer. Gertrude finally got a trap from the Casanova liveryman, and we went out.  Just as we turned from the drive into the road we passed a woman.  She had put down a small valise, and stood inspecting the house and grounds minutely.  I should hardly have noticed her, had it not been for the fact that she had been horribly disfigured by smallpox.  "Ugh!" Gertrude said, when we had passed, "what a face!  I shall dream of it to-night.  Get up, Flinders."  "Flinders?" I asked.  "Is that the horse's name?"  "It is."  She flicked the horse's stubby mane with the whip.  "He didn't look like a livery horse, and the liveryman said he had bought him from the Armstrongs when they purchased a couple of motors and cut down the stable.  Nice Flinders--good old boy!"  Flinders was certainly not a common name for a horse, and yet the youngster at Richfield had named his prancing, curly-haired little horse Flinders!  It set me to thinking.  At my request Halsey had already sent word of the fire to the agent from whom we had secured the house.  Also, he had called Mr. Jamieson by telephone, and somewhat guardedly had told him of the previous night's events.  Mr. Jamieson promised to come out that night, and to bring another man with him.  I did not consider it necessary to notify Mrs. Armstrong, in the village. No doubt she knew of the fire, and in view of my refusal to give up the house, an interview would probably have been unpleasant enough.  But as we passed Doctor Walker's white and green house I thought of something.  "Stop here, Gertrude," I said.  "I am going to get out."  "To see Louise?" she asked.  "No, I want to ask this young Walker something."  She was curious, I knew, but I did not wait to explain.  I went up the walk to the house, where a brass sign at the side announced the office, and went in.  The reception-room was empty, but from the consulting-room beyond came the sound of two voices, not very amicable.  "It is an outrageous figure," some one was storming.  Then the doctor's quiet tone, evidently not arguing, merely stating something.  But I had not time to listen to some person probably disputing his bill, so I coughed.  The voices ceased at once: a door closed somewhere, and the doctor entered from the hall of the house.  He looked sufficiently surprised at seeing me.  "Good afternoon, Doctor," I said formally.  "I shall not keep you from your patient.  I wish merely to ask you a question."  "Won't you sit down?"  "It will not be necessary.  Doctor, has any one come to you, either early this morning or to-day, to have you treat a bullet wound?"  "Nothing so startling has happened to me," he said.  "A bullet wound! Things must be lively at Sunnyside."  "I didn't say it was at Sunnyside.  But as it happens, it was. If any such case comes to you, will it be too much trouble for you to let me know?"  "I shall be only too happy," he said.  "I understand you have had a fire up there, too.  A fire and shooting in one night is rather lively for a quiet place like that."  "It is as quiet as a boiler-shop," I replied, as I turned to go.  "And you are still going to stay?"  "Until I am burned out," I responded.  And then on my way down the steps, I turned around suddenly.  "Doctor," I asked at a venture, "have you ever heard of a child named Lucien Wallace?"  Clever as he was, his face changed and stiffened.  He was on his guard again in a moment.  "Lucien Wallace?" he repeated.  "No, I think not.  There are plenty of Wallaces around, but I don't know any Lucien."  I was as certain as possible that he did.  People do not lie readily to me, and this man lied beyond a doubt.  But there was nothing to be gained now; his defenses were up, and I left, half irritated and wholly baffled.  Our reception was entirely different at Doctor Stewart's.  Taken into the bosom of the family at once, Flinders tied outside and nibbling the grass at the roadside, Gertrude and I drank some home-made elderberry wine and told briefly of the fire.  Of the more serious part of the night's experience, of course, we said nothing.  But when at last we had left the family on the porch and the good doctor was untying our steed, I asked him the same question I had put to Doctor Walker.  "Shot!" he said.  "Bless my soul, no.  Why, what have you been doing up at the big house, Miss Innes?"  "Some one tried to enter the house during the fire, and was shot and slightly injured," I said hastily.  "Please don't mention it; we wish to make as little of it as possible."  There was one other possibility, and we tried that.  At Casanova station I saw the station master, and asked him if any trains left Casanova between one o'clock and daylight.  There was none until six A.M.  The next question required more diplomacy.  "Did you notice on the six-o'clock train any person--any man--who limped a little?" I asked.  "Please try to remember: we are trying to trace a man who was seen loitering around Sunnyside last night before the fire."  He was all attention in a moment.  "I was up there myself at the fire," he said volubly.  "I'm a member of the volunteer company.  First big fire we've had since the summer house burned over to the club golf links.  My wife was sayin' the other day, 'Dave, you might as well 'a' saved the money in that there helmet and shirt.'  And here last night they came in handy.  Rang that bell so hard I hadn't time scarcely to get 'em on."  "And--did you see a man who limped?" Gertrude put in, as he stopped for breath.  "Not at the train, ma'm," he said.  "No such person got on here to-day. But I'll tell you where I did see a man that limped.  I didn't wait till the fire company left; there's a fast freight goes through at four forty-five, and I had to get down to the station.  I seen there wasn't much more to do anyhow at the fire--we'd got the flames under control"--Gertrude looked at me and smiled--"so I started down the hill.  There was folks here and there goin' home, and along by the path to the Country Club I seen two men.  One was a short fellow.  He was sitting on a big rock, his back to me, and he had something white in his hand, as if he was tying up his foot.  After I'd gone on a piece I looked back, and he was hobbling on and--excuse me, miss--he was swearing something sickening."  "Did they go toward the club?" Gertrude asked suddenly, leaning forward.  "No, miss.  I think they came into the village.  I didn't get a look at their faces, but I know every chick and child in the place, and everybody knows me.  When they didn't shout at me--in my uniform, you know--I took it they were strangers."  So all we had for our afternoon's work was this: some one had been shot by the bullet that went through the door; he had not left the village, and he had not called in a physician.  Also, Doctor Walker knew who Lucien Wallace was, and his very denial made me confident that, in that one direction at least, we were on the right track.  The thought that the detective would be there that night was the most cheering thing of all, and I think even Gertrude was glad of it. Driving home that afternoon, I saw her in the clear sunlight for the first time in several days, and I was startled to see how ill she looked.  She was thin and colorless, and all her bright animation was gone.  "Gertrude," I said, "I have been a very selfish old woman.  You are going to leave this miserable house to-night.  Annie Morton is going to Scotland next week, and you shall go right with her."  To my surprise, she flushed painfully.  "I don't want to go, Aunt Ray," she said.  "Don't make me leave now."  "You are losing your health and your good looks," I said decidedly. "You should have a change."  "I shan't stir a foot."  She was equally decided.  Then, more lightly: "Why, you and Liddy need me to arbitrate between you every day in the week." He closed the vestibule door behind him and cavalierly turned out the light. Our dialogue was sharp, staccato.  "Have you a key to the empty house next door?" he demanded. "Somebody's in there, and the latch is caught."  "The houses are alike. The key to this door may fit. Did you see them go in?"  "No. There's a light moving up from room to room. I saw something like it last night, and I have been watching. The patrolman reported queer doings there a week or so ago."  "A light!" I exclaimed. "Do you mean that you--"  "Very likely," he said grimly. "Have you a revolver?"  "All kinds in the gun rack," I replied, and going into the den, I came back with a Smith and Wesson. "I'm not much use," I explained, "with this arm, but I'll do what I can. There may be somebody there. The servants here have been uneasy."  Johnson planned the campaign. He suggested on account of my familiarity with the roof, that I go there and cut off escape in that direction. "I have Robison out there now--the patrolman on the beat," he said. "He'll watch below and you above, while I search the house. Be as quiet as possible."  I was rather amused. I put on some clothes and felt my way carefully up the stairs, the revolver swinging free in my pocket, my hand on the rail. At the foot of the ladder I stopped and looked up. Above me there was a gray rectangle of sky dotted with stars. It occurred to me that with my one serviceable hand holding the ladder, I was hardly in a position to defend myself, that I was about to hoist a body that I am rather careful of into a danger I couldn't see and wasn't particularly keen about anyhow. I don't mind saying that the seconds it took me to scramble up the ladder were among the most unpleasant that I recall.  I got to the top, however, without incident. I could see fairly well after the darkness of the house beneath, but there was nothing suspicious in sight. The roofs, separated by two feet of brick wall, stretched around me, unbroken save by an occasional chimney. I went very softly over to the other trap, the one belonging to the suspected house. It was closed, but I imagined I could hear Johnson's footsteps ascending heavily. Then even that was gone. A near-by clock struck three as I stood waiting. I examined my revolver then, for the first time, and found it was empty!  I had been rather skeptical until now. I had had the usual tolerant attitude of the man who is summoned from his bed to search for burglars, combined with the artificial courage of firearms. With the discovery of my empty gun, I felt like a man on the top of a volcano in lively eruption. Suddenly I found myself staring incredulously at the trap-door at my feet. I had examined it early in the evening and found it bolted. Did I imagine it, or had it raised about an inch? Wasn't it moving slowly as I looked? No, I am not a hero: I was startled almost into a panic. I had one arm, and whoever was raising that trap-door had two. My knees had a queer inclination to bend the wrong way.  Johnson's footsteps were distinct enough, but he was evidently far below. The trap, raised perhaps two inches now, remained stationary. There was no sound from beneath it: once I thought I heard two or three gasping respirations: I am not sure they were not my own. I wanted desperately to stand on one leg at a time and hold the other up out of focus of a possible revolver.  I did not see the hand appear. There was nothing there, and then it was there, clutching the frame of the trap. I did the only thing I could think of; I put my foot on it!  There was not a sound from beneath. The next moment I was kneeling and had clutched the wrist just above the hand. After a second's struggle, the arm was still. With something real to face, I was myself again.  "Don't move, or I'll stand on the trap and break your arm," I panted. What else could I threaten? I couldn't shoot, I couldn't even fight. "Johnson!" I called.  And then I realized the thing that stayed with me for a month, the thing I can not think of even now without a shudder. The hand lay ice cold, strangely quiescent. Under my fingers, an artery was beating feebly. The wrist was as slender as--I held the hand to the light. Then I let it drop.  "Good Lord," I muttered, and remained on my knees, staring at the spot where the hand had been. It was gone now: there was a faint rustle in the darkness below, and then silence.  I held up my own hand in the starlight and stared at a long scratch in the palm. "A woman!" I said to myself stupidly. "By all that's ridiculous, a woman!"  Johnson was striking matches below and swearing softly to himself. "How the devil do you get to the roof?" he called. "I think I've broken my nose."  He found the ladder after a short search and stood at the bottom, looking up at me. "Well, I suppose you haven't seen him?" he inquired. "There are enough darned cubbyholes in this house to hide a patrol wagon load of thieves." He lighted a fresh match. "Hello, here's another door!"  By the sound of his diminishing footsteps I supposed it was a rear staircase. He came up again in ten minutes or so, this time with the policeman.  "He's gone, all right," he said ruefully. "If you'd been attending to your business, Robison, you'd have watched the back door."  "I'm not twins." Robison was surly.  "Well," I broke in, as cheerfully as I could, "if you are through with this jolly little affair, and can get down my ladder without having my housekeeper ring the burglar alarm, I have some good Monongahela whisky--eh?"  They came without a second invitation across the roof, and with them safely away from the house I breathed more freely. Down in the den I fulfilled my promise, which Johnson drank to the toast, "Coming through the rye." He examined my gun rack with the eye of a connoisseur, and even when he was about to go he cast a loving eye back at the weapons.  "Ever been in the army?" he inquired.  "No," I said with a bitterness that he noticed but failed to comprehend. "I'm a chocolate cream soldier--you don't read Shaw, I suppose, Johnson?"  "Never heard of him," the detective said indifferently. "Well, good night, Mr. Blakeley. Much obliged." At the door he hesitated and coughed.  "I suppose you understand, Mr. Blakeley," he said awkwardly, "that this--er--surveillance is all in the day's work. I don't like it, but it's duty. Every man to his duty, sir."  "Sometime when you are in an open mood, Johnson," I returned, "you can explain why I am being watched at all."       On Monday I went out for the first time. I did not go to the office. I wanted to walk. I thought fresh air and exercise would drive away the blue devils that had me by the throat. McKnight insisted on a long day in his car, but I refused.  "I don't know why not," he said sulkily. "I can't walk. I haven't walked two consecutive blocks in three years. Automobiles have made legs mere ornaments--and some not even that. We could have Johnson out there chasing us over the country at five dollars an hour!"  "He can chase us just as well at five miles an hour," I said. "But what gets me, McKnight, is why I am under surveillance at all. How do the police know I was accused of that thing?"  "The young lady who sent the flowers--she isn't likely to talk, is she?"  "No. That is, I didn't say it was a lady." I groaned as I tried to get my splinted arm into a coat. "Anyhow, she didn't tell," I finished with conviction, and McKnight laughed.  It had rained in the early morning, and Mrs. Klopton predicted more showers. In fact, so firm was her belief and so determined her eye that I took the umbrella she proffered me.  "Never mind," I said. "We can leave it next door; I have a story to tell you, Richey, and it requires proper setting."  McKnight was puzzled, but he followed me obediently round to the kitchen entrance of the empty house. It was unlocked, as I had expected. While we climbed to the upper floor I retailed the events of the previous night.  "It's the finest thing I ever heard of," McKnight said, staring up at the ladder and the trap. "What a vaudeville skit it would make! Only you ought not to have put your foot on her hand. They don't do it in the best circles."  I wheeled on him impatiently.  "You don't understand the situation at all, Richey!" I exclaimed. "What would you say if I tell you it was the hand of a lady? It was covered with rings."  "A lady!" he repeated. "Why, I'd say it was a darned compromising situation, and that the less you say of it the better. Look here, Lawrence, I think you dreamed it. You've been in the house too much. I take it all back: you do need exercise."  "She escaped through this door, I suppose," I said as patiently as I could. "Evidently down the back staircase. We might as well go down that way."  "According to the best precedents in these affairs, we should find a glove about here," he said as we started down. But he was more impressed than he cared to own. He examined the dusty steps carefully, and once, when a bit of loose plaster fell just behind him, he started like a nervous woman.  "What I don't understand is why you let her go," he said, stopping once, puzzled. "You're not usually quixotic."  "When we get out into the country, Richey," I replied gravely, "I am going to tell you another story, and if you don't tell me I'm a fool and a craven, on the strength of it, you are no friend of mine."  We stumbled through the twilight of the staircase into the blackness of the shuttered kitchen. The house had the moldy smell of closed buildings: even on that warm September morning it was damp and chilly. As we stepped into the sunshine McKnight gave a shiver.  "Now that we are out," he said, "I don't mind telling you that I have been there before. Do you remember the night you left, and, the face at the window?"  "When you speak of it--yes."  "Well, I was curious about that thing," he went on, as we started up the street, "and I went back. The street door was unlocked, and I examined every room. I was Mrs. Klopton's ghost that carried a light, and clumb."  "Did you find anything?"  "Only a clean place rubbed on the window opposite your dressing-room. Splendid view of an untidy interior. If that house is ever occupied, you'd better put stained glass in that window of yours."  As we turned the corner I glanced back. Half a block behind us Johnson was moving our way slowly. When he saw me he stopped and proceeded with great deliberation to light a cigar. By hurrying, however, he caught the car that we took, and stood unobtrusively on the rear platform. He looked fagged, and absent-mindedly paid our fares, to McKnight's delight.  "We will give him a run for his money," he declared, as the car moved countryward. "Conductor, let us off at the muddiest lane you can find."  At one o'clock, after a six-mile ramble, we entered a small country hotel. We had seen nothing of Johnson for a half hour. At that time he was a quarter of a mile behind us, and losing rapidly. Before we had finished our luncheon he staggered into the inn. One of his boots was under his arm, and his whole appearance was deplorable. He was coated with mud, streaked with perspiration, and he limped as he walked. He chose a table not far from us and ordered Scotch. Beyond touching his hat he paid no attention to us.  "I'm just getting my second wind," McKnight declared. "How do you feel, Mr. Johnson? Six or eight miles more and we'll all enjoy our dinners."  Johnson put down the glass he had raised to his lips without replying.  The fact was, however, that I was like Johnson. I was soft from my week's inaction, and I was pretty well done up. McKnight, who was a well spring of vitality and high spirits, ordered a strange concoction, made of nearly everything in the bar, and sent it over to the detective, but Johnson refused it.  "I hate that kind of person," McKnight said pettishly. "Kind of a fellow that thinks you're going to poison his dog if you offer him a bone."  When we got back to the car line, with Johnson a draggled and drooping tail to the kite, I was in better spirits. I had told McKnight the story of the three hours just after the wreck; I had not named the girl, of course; she had my promise of secrecy. But I told him everything else. It was a relief to have a fresh mind on it: I had puzzled so much over the incident at the farm-house, and the necklace in the gold bag, that I had lost perspective.  He had been interested, but inclined to be amused, until I came to the broken chain. Then he had whistled softly.  "But there are tons of fine gold chains made every year," he said. "Why in the world do you think that the--er--smeary piece came from that necklace?"  I had looked around. Johnson was far behind, scraping the mud off his feet with a piece of stick.  "I have the short end of the chain in the sealskin bag," I reminded him. "When I couldn't sleep this morning I thought I would settle it, one way or the other. It was hell to go along the way I had been doing. And--there's no doubt about it, Rich. It's the same chain."  We walked along in silence until we caught the car back to town.  "Well," he said finally, "you know the girl, of course, and I don't. But if you like her--and I think myself you're rather hard hit, old man--I wouldn't give a whoop about the chain in the gold purse. It's just one of the little coincidences that hang people now and then. And as for last night--if she's the kind of a girl you say she is, and you think she had anything to do with that, you--you're addled, that's all. You can depend on it, the lady of the empty house last week is the lady of last night. And yet your train acquaintance was in Altoona at that time."  Just before we got off the car, I reverted to the subject again. It was never far back in my mind.  "About the--young lady of the train, Rich," I said, with what I suppose was elaborate carelessness, "I don't want you to get a wrong impression. I am rather unlikely to see her again, but even if I do, I--I believe she is already 'bespoke,' or next thing to it."  He made no reply, but as I opened the door with my latch-key he stood looking up at me from the pavement with his quizzical smile.  "Love is like the measles," he orated. "The older you get it, the worse the attack."  Johnson did not appear again that day. A small man in a raincoat took his place. The next morning I made my initial trip to the office, the raincoat still on hand. I had a short conference with Miller, the district attorney, at eleven. Bronson was under surveillance, he said, and any attempt to sell the notes to him would probably result in their recovery. In the meantime, as I knew, the Commonwealth had continued the case, in hope of such contingency.  At noon I left the office and took a veterinarian to see Candida, the injured pony. By one o'clock my first day's duties were performed, and a long Sahara of hot afternoon stretched ahead. McKnight, always glad to escape from the grind, suggested a vaudeville, and in sheer ennui I consented. I could neither ride, drive nor golf, and my own company bored me to distraction.  "Coolest place in town these days," he declared. "Electric fans, breezy songs, airy costumes. And there's Johnson just behind--the coldest proposition in Washington."  He gravely bought three tickets and presented the detective with one. Then we went in. Having lived a normal, busy life, the theater in the afternoon is to me about on a par with ice-cream for breakfast. Up on the stage a very stout woman in short pink skirts, with a smile that McKnight declared looked like a slash in a roll of butter, was singing nasally, with a laborious kick at the end of each verse. Johnson, two rows ahead, went to sleep. McKnight prodded me with his elbow.  "Look at the first box to the right," he said, in a stage whisper. "I want you to come over at the end of this act."  It was the first time I had seen her since I put her in the cab at Baltimore. Outwardly I presume I was calm, for no one turned to stare at me, but every atom of me cried out at the sight of her. She was leaning, bent forward, lips slightly parted, gazing raptly at the Japanese conjurer who had replaced what McKnight disrespectfully called the Columns of Hercules. Compared with the draggled lady of the farm-house, she was radiant.  For that first moment there was nothing but joy at the sight of her. McKnight's touch on my arm brought me back to reality.  "Come over and meet them," he said. "That's the cousin Miss West is visiting, Mrs. Dallas."  But I would not go. After he went I sat there alone, painfully conscious that I was being pointed out and stared at from the box. The abominable Japanese gave way to yet more atrocious performing dogs.  "How many offers of marriage will the young lady in the box have?"  The dog stopped sagely at 'none,' and then pulled out a card that said eight. Wild shouts of glee by the audience. "The fools," I muttered.  After a little I glanced over. Mrs. Dallas was talking to McKnight, but She was looking straight at me. She was flushed, but more calm than I, and she did not bow. I fumbled for my hat, but the next moment I saw that they were going, and I sat still. When McKnight came back he was triumphant.  "I've made an engagement for you," he said. "Mrs. Dallas asked me to bring you to dinner to-night, and I said I knew you would fall all over yourself to go. You are requested to bring along the broken arm, and any other souvenirs of the wreck that you may possess."  "I'll do nothing of the sort," I declared, struggling against my inclination. "I can't even tie my necktie, and I have to have my food cut for me."  "Oh, that's all right," he said easily. "I'll send Stogie over to fix you up, and Mrs. Dal knows all about the arm. I told her."  (Stogie is his Japanese factotum, so called because he is lean, a yellowish brown in color, and because he claims to have been shipped into this country in a box.)  The Cinematograph was finishing the program. The house was dark and the music had stopped, as it does in the circus just before somebody risks his neck at so much a neck in the Dip of Death, or the hundred-foot dive. Then, with a sort of shock, I saw on the white curtain the announcement:                           THE NEXT PICTURE  IS THE DOOMED WASHINGTON FLIER, TAKEN A SHORT DISTANCE FROM THE SCENE OF THE WRECK ON THE FATAL MORNING OF SEPTEMBER TENTH. TWO MILES FARTHER ON IT MET WITH ALMOST COMPLETE ANNIHILATION.  I confess to a return of some of the sickening sensations of the wreck; people around me were leaning forward with tense faces. Then the letters were gone, and I saw a long level stretch of track, even the broken stone between the ties standing out distinctly. This is a staircase. I'm coming up to open another window."  It was eerie work, but I accomplished it finally, discovering, not without mishap, a room filled with more tables than I had ever dreamed of, tables that seemed to waylay and strike at me. When I had got a window open, Hotchkiss crawled through, and we were at last under shelter.  Our first thought was for a light. The same laborious investigation that had landed us where we were, revealed that the house was lighted by electricity, and that the plant was not in operation. By accident I stumbled across a tabouret with smoking materials, and found a half dozen matches. The first one showed us the magnitude of the room we stood in, and revealed also a brass candle-stick by the open fireplace, a candle-stick almost four feet high, supporting a candle of similar colossal proportions. It was Hotchkiss who discovered that it had been recently lighted. He held the match to it and peered at it over his glasses.  "Within ten minutes," he announced impressively, "this candle has been burning. Look at the wax! And the wick! Both soft."  "Perhaps it's the damp weather," I ventured, moving a little nearer to the circle of light. A gust of wind came in just then, and the flame turned over on its side and threatened demise. There was something almost ridiculous in the haste with which we put down the window and nursed the flicker to life.  The peculiarly ghost-like appearance of the room added to the uncanniness of the situation. The furniture was swathed in white covers for the winter; even the pictures wore shrouds. And in a niche between two windows a bust on a pedestal, similarly wrapped, one arm extended under its winding sheet, made a most life-like ghost, if any ghost can be life-like.  In the light of the candle we surveyed each other, and we were objects for mirth. Hotchkiss was taking off his sodden shoes and preparing to make himself comfortable, while I hung my muddy raincoat over the ghost in the corner. Thus habited, he presented a rakish but distinctly more comfortable appearance.  "When these people built," Hotchkiss said, surveying the huge dimensions of the room, "they must have bought a mountain and built all over it. What a room!"  It seemed to be a living-room, although Hotchkiss remarked that it was much more like a dead one. It was probably fifty feet long and twenty-five feet wide. It was very high, too, with a domed ceiling, and a gallery ran around the entire room, about fifteen feet above the floor. The candle light did not penetrate beyond the dim outlines of the gallery rail, but I fancied the wall there hung with smaller pictures.  Hotchkiss had discovered a fire laid in the enormous fireplace, and in a few minutes we were steaming before a cheerful blaze. Within the radius of its light and heat, we were comfortable again. But the brightness merely emphasized the gloom of the ghostly corners. We talked in subdued tones, and I smoked, a box of Russian cigarettes which I found in a table drawer. We had decided to stay all night, there being nothing else to do. I suggested a game of double-dummy bridge, but did not urge it when my companion asked me if it resembled euchre. Gradually, as the ecclesiastical candle paled in the firelight, we grew drowsy. I drew a divan into the cheerful area, and stretched myself out for sleep. Hotchkiss, who said the pain in his leg made him wakeful, sat wide-eyed by the fire, smoking a pipe.  I have no idea how much time had passed when something threw itself violently on my chest. I roused with a start and leaped to my feet, and a large Angora cat fell with a thump to the floor. The fire was still bright, and there was an odor of scorched leather through the room, from Hotchkiss' shoes. The little detective was sound asleep, his dead pipe in his fingers. The cat sat back on its haunches and wailed.  The curtain at the door into the hallway bellied slowly out into the room and fell again. The cat looked toward it and opened its mouth for another howl. I thrust at it with my foot, but it refused to move. Hotchkiss stirred uneasily, and his pipe clattered to the floor.  The cat was standing at my feet, staring behind me. Apparently it was following with its eyes, an object unseen to me, that moved behind me. The tip of its tail waved threateningly, but when I wheeled I saw nothing.  I took the candle and made a circuit of the room. Behind the curtain that had moved the door was securely closed. The windows were shut and locked, and everywhere the silence was absolute. The cat followed me majestically. I stooped and stroked its head, but it persisted in its uncanny watching of the corners of the room.  When I went back to my divan, after putting a fresh log on the fire, I was reassured. I took the precaution, and smiled at myself for doing it, to put the fire tongs within reach of my hand. But the cat would not let me sleep. After a time I decided that it wanted water, and I started out in search of some, carrying the candle without the stand. I wandered through several rooms, all closed and dismantled, before I found a small lavatory opening off a billiard room. The cat lapped steadily, and I filled a glass to take back with me. The candle flickered in a sickly fashion that threatened to leave me there lost in the wanderings of the many hallways, and from somewhere there came an occasional violent puff of wind. The cat stuck by my feet, with the hair on its back raised menacingly. I don't like cats; there is something psychic about them.  Hotchkiss was still asleep when I got back to the big room. I moved his boots back from the fire, and trimmed the candle. Then, with sleep gone from me, I lay back on my divan and reflected on many things: on my idiocy in coming; on Alison West, and the fact that only a week before she had been a guest in this very house; on Richey and the constraint that had come between us. From that I drifted back to Alison, and to the barrier my comparative poverty would be.  The emptiness, the stillness were oppressive. Once I heard footsteps coming, rhythmical steps that neither hurried nor dragged, and seemed to mount endless staircases without coming any closer. I realized finally that I had not quite turned off the tap, and that the lavatory, which I had circled to reach, must be quite close.  The cat lay by the fire, its nose on its folded paws, content in the warmth and companionship. I watched it idly. Now and then the green wood hissed in the fire, but the cat never batted an eye. Through an unshuttered window the lightning flashed. Suddenly the cat looked up. It lifted its head and stared directly at the gallery above. Then it blinked, and stared again. I was amused. Not until it had got up on its feet, eyes still riveted on the balcony, tail waving at the tip, the hair on its back a bristling brush, did I glance casually over my head.  From among the shadows a face gazed down at me, a face that seemed a fitting tenant of the ghostly room below. I saw it as plainly as I might see my own face in a mirror. While I stared at it with horrified eyes, the apparition faded. The rail was there, the Bokhara rug still swung from it, but the gallery was empty.  The cat threw back its head and wailed.       I jumped up and seized the fire tongs. The cat's wail had roused Hotchkiss, who was wide-awake at once. He took in my offensive attitude, the tongs, the direction of my gaze, and needed nothing more. As he picked up the candle and darted out into the hall, I followed him. He made directly for the staircase, and part way up he turned off to the right through a small door. We were on the gallery itself; below us the fire gleamed cheerfully, the cat was not in sight. There was no sign of my ghostly visitant, but as we stood there the Bokhara rug, without warning, slid over the railing and fell to the floor below.  "Man or woman?" Hotchkiss inquired in his most professional tone.  "Neither--that is, I don't know. I didn't notice anything but the eyes,"  I muttered. "They were looking a hole in me. If you'd seen that cat you would realize my state of mind. That was a traditional graveyard yowl."  "I don't think you saw anything at all," he lied cheerfully. "You dozed off, and the rest is the natural result of a meal on a buffet car."  Nevertheless, he examined the Bokhara carefully when we went down, and when I finally went to sleep he was reading the only book in sight--Elwell on Bridge. The first rays of daylight were coming mistily into the room when he roused me. He had his finger on his lips, and he whispered sibilantly while I tried to draw on my distorted boots.  "I think we have him," he said triumphantly. "I've been looking around some, and I can tell you this much. Just before we came in through the window last night, another man came. Only--he did not drop, as you did. He swung over to the stair railing, and then down. The rail is scratched. He was long enough ahead of us to go into the dining-room and get a decanter out of the sideboard. He poured out the liquor into a glass, left the decanter there, and took the whisky into the library across the hall. Then--he broke into a desk, using a paper knife for a jimmy."  "Good Lord, Hotchkiss," I exclaimed; "why, it may have been Sullivan himself! Confound your theories--he's getting farther away every minute."  "It was Sullivan," Hotchkiss returned imperturbably. "And he has not gone. His boots are by the library fire."  "He probably had a dozen pairs where he could get them," I scoffed. "And while you and I sat and slept, the very man we want to get our hands on leered at us over that railing."  "Softly, softly, my friend," Hotchkiss said, as I stamped into my other shoe. "I did not say he was gone. Don't jump at conclusions. It is fatal to reasoning. As a matter of fact, he didn't relish a night on the mountains any more than we did. After he had unintentionally frightened you almost into paralysis, what would my gentleman naturally do? Go out in the storm again? Not if I know the Alice-sit-by-the-fire type. He went up-stairs, well up near the roof, locked himself in and went to bed."  "And he is there now?"  "He is there now."  We had no weapons. I am aware that the traditional hero is always armed, and that Hotchkiss as the low comedian should have had a revolver that missed fire. As a fact, we had nothing of the sort. Hotchkiss carried the fire tongs, but my sense of humor was too strong for me; I declined the poker.  "All we want is a little peaceable conversation with him," I demurred. "We can't brain him first and converse with him afterward. And anyhow, while I can't put my finger on the place, I think your theory is weak. If he wouldn't run a hundred miles through fire and water to get away from us, then he is not the man we want."  Hotchkiss, however, was certain. He had found the room and listened outside the door to the sleeper's heavy breathing, and so we climbed past luxurious suites, revealed in the deepening daylight, past long vistas of hall and boudoir. And we were both badly winded when we got there. It was a tower room, reached by narrow stairs, and well above the roof level. Hotchkiss was glowing.  "It is partly good luck, but not all," he panted in a whisper. "If we had persisted in the search last night, he would have taken alarm and fled. Now--we have him. Are you ready?"  He gave a mighty rap at the door with the fire tongs, and stood expectant. Certainly he was right; some one moved within.  "Hello! Hello there!" Hotchkiss bawled. "You might as well come out. We won't hurt you, if you'll come peaceably."  "Tell him we represent the law," I prompted. "That's the customary thing, you know."  But at that moment a bullet came squarely through the door and flattened itself with a sharp pst against the wall of the tower staircase. We ducked unanimously, dropped back out of range, and Hotchkiss retaliated with a spirited bang at the door with the tongs. This brought another bullet. It was a ridiculous situation. Under the circumstances, no doubt, we should have retired, at least until we had armed ourselves, but Hotchkiss had no end of fighting spirit, and as for me, my blood was up.  "Break the lock," I suggested, and Hotchkiss, standing at the side, out of range, retaliated for every bullet by a smashing blow with the tongs. The shots ceased after a half dozen, and the door was giving, slowly. One of us on each side of the door, we were ready for almost any kind of desperate resistance. As it swung open Hotchkiss poised the tongs; I stood, bent forward, my arm drawn back for a blow.  Nothing happened.  There was not a sound. Finally, at the risk of losing an eye which I justly value, I peered around and into the room. There was no desperado there: only a fresh-faced, trembling-lipped servant, sitting on the edge of her bed, with a quilt around her shoulders and the empty revolver at her feet.  We were victorious, but no conquered army ever beat such a retreat as ours down the tower stairs and into the refuge of the living-room. There, with the door closed, sprawled on the divan, I went from one spasm of mirth into another, becoming sane at intervals, and suffering relapse again every time I saw Hotchkiss' disgruntled countenance. He was pacing the room, the tongs still in his hand, his mouth pursed with irritation. Finally he stopped in front of me and compelled my attention.  "When you have finished cackling," he said with dignity, "I wish to justify my position. Do you think the--er--young woman up-stairs put a pair of number eight boots to dry in the library last night? Do you think she poured the whisky out of that decanter?"  "They have been known to do it," I put in, but his eye silenced me.  "Moreover, if she had been the person who peered at you over the gallery railing last night, don't you suppose, with her--er--belligerent disposition, she could have filled you as full of lead as a window weight?"  "I do," I assented. "It wasn't Alice-sit-by-the-fire. I grant you that. Then who was it?"  Hotchkiss felt certain that it had been Sullivan, but I was not so sure. Why would he have crawled like a thief into his own house? If he had crossed the park, as seemed probable, when we did, he had not made any attempt to use the knocker. I gave it up finally, and made an effort to conciliate the young woman in the tower.  We had heard no sound since our spectacular entrance into her room. I was distinctly uncomfortable as, alone this time, I climbed to the tower staircase. Reasoning from before, she would probably throw a chair at me. I stopped at the foot of the staircase and called.  "Hello up there," I said, in as debonair a manner as I could summon. "Good morning. Wie geht es bei ihen?"  No reply.  "Bon jour, mademoiselle," I tried again. This time there was a movement of some sort from above, but nothing fell on me.  "I--we want to apologize for rousing you so--er--unexpectedly this morning," I went on. "The fact is, we wanted to talk to you, and you--you were hard to waken. We are travelers, lost in your mountains, and we crave a breakfast and an audience."  She came to the door then. I could feel that she was investigating the top of my head from above. "Is Mr. Sullivan with you?" she asked. It was the first word from her, and she was not sure of her voice.  "No. We are alone. If you will come down and look at us you will find us two perfectly harmless people, whose horse--curses on him--departed without leave last night and left us at your gate."  She relaxed somewhat then and came down a step or two. "I was afraid I had killed somebody," she said. "The housekeeper left yesterday, and the other maids went with her."  When she saw that I was comparatively young and lacked the earmarks of the highwayman, she was greatly relieved. She was inclined to fight shy of Hotchkiss, however, for some reason. She gave us a breakfast of a sort, for there was little in the house, and afterward we telephoned to the town for a vehicle. While Hotchkiss examined scratches and replaced the Bokhara rug, I engaged Jennie in conversation.  "Can you tell me," I asked, "who is managing the estate since Mrs. Curtis was killed?"  "No one," she returned shortly.  "Has--any member of the family been here since the accident?"  "No, sir. There was only the two, and some think Mr. Sullivan was killed as well as his sister."  "You don't?"  "No," with conviction.  "Why?"  She wheeled on me with quick suspicion.  "Are you a detective?" she demanded.  "No."  "You told him to say you represented the law."  "I am a lawyer. Some of them misrepresent the law, but I--"  She broke in impatiently.  "A sheriff's officer?"  "No. Look here, Jennie; I am all that I should be. You'll have to believe that. And I'm in a bad position through no fault of my own. I want you to answer some questions. If you will help me, I will do what I can for you. Do you live near here?"  Her chin quivered. It was the first sign of weakness she had shown.  "My home is in Pittsburg," she said, "and I haven't enough money to get there. They hadn't paid any wages for two months. They didn't pay anybody."  "Very well," I returned. "I'll send you back to Pittsburg, Pullman included, if you will tell me some things I want to know."  She agreed eagerly. Outside the window Hotchkiss was bending over, examining footprints in the drive.  "Now," I began, "there has been a Miss West staying here?"  "Yes."  "Mr. Sullivan was attentive to her?"  "Yes. She was the granddaughter of a wealthy man in Pittsburg. My aunt has been in his family for twenty years. Mrs. Curtis wanted her brother to marry Miss West."  "Do you think he did marry her?" I could not keep the excitement out of my voice.  "No. There were reasons"--she stopped abruptly.  "Do you know anything of the family? Are they--were they New Yorkers?"  "They came from somewhere in the south. I have heard Mrs. Curtis say her mother was a Cuban. I don't know much about them, but Mr. Sullivan had a wicked temper, though he didn't look it. Folks say big, light-haired people are easy going, but I don't believe it, sir."  "How long was Miss West here?"  "Two weeks."  I hesitated about further questioning. Critical as my position was, I could not pry deeper into Alison West's affairs. If she had got into the hands of adventurers, as Sullivan and his sister appeared to have been, she was safely away from them again. But something of the situation in the car Ontario was forming itself in my mind: the incident at the farmhouse lacked only motive to be complete. Was Sullivan, after all, a rascal or a criminal? Was the murderer Sullivan or Mrs. Conway? The lady or the tiger again.  Jennie was speaking.  "I hope Miss West was not hurt?" she asked. "We liked her, all of us. She was not like Mrs. Curtis."  I wanted to say that she was not like anybody in the world. Instead--"She escaped with some bruises," I said.  She glanced at my arm. "You were on the train?"  "Yes."  She waited for more questions, but none coming, she went to the door. They made a queer pair, for Alex was almost as disreputable as the tramp, and he had a badly swollen eye.  Gertrude had been sitting listlessly waiting for the evening message from Mr. Jamieson, but when the singular pair came in, as they did, without ceremony, she jumped up and stood staring. Winters, the detective who watched the house at night, followed them, and kept his eyes sharply on Alex's prisoner.  For that was the situation as it developed.  He was a tall lanky individual, ragged and dirty, and just now he looked both terrified and embarrassed.  Alex was too much engrossed to be either, and to this day I don't think I ever asked him why he went off without permission the day before.  "Miss Innes," Alex began abruptly, "this man can tell us something very important about the disappearance of Mr. Innes.  I found him trying to sell this watch."  He took a watch from his pocket and put it on the table.  It was Halsey's watch.  I had given it to him on his twenty-first birthday: I was dumb with apprehension.  "He says he had a pair of cuff-links also, but he sold them--"  "Fer a dollar'n half," put in the disreputable individual hoarsely, with an eye on the detective.  "He is not--dead?" I implored.  The tramp cleared his throat.  "No'm," he said huskily.  "He was used up pretty bad, but he weren't dead.  He was comin' to hisself when I"--he stopped and looked at the detective.  "I didn't steal it, Mr. Winters," he whined.  "I found it in the road, honest to God, I did."  Mr. Winters paid no attention to him.  He was watching Alex.  "I'd better tell what he told me," Alex broke in.  "It will be quicker. When Jamieson--when Mr. Jamieson calls up we can start him right.  Mr. Winters, I found this man trying to sell that watch on Fifth Street. He offered it to me for three dollars."  "How did you know the watch?" Winters snapped at him.  "I had seen it before, many times.  I used it at night when I was watching at the foot of the staircase."  The detective was satisfied. "When he offered the watch to me, I knew it, and I pretended I was going to buy it.  We went into an alley and I got the watch."  The tramp shivered.  It was plain how Alex had secured the watch.  "Then--I got the story from this fellow.  He claims to have seen the whole affair.  He says he was in an empty car--in the car the automobile struck."  The tramp broke in here, and told his story, with frequent interpretations by Alex and Mr. Winters.  He used a strange medley, in which familiar words took unfamiliar meanings, but it was gradually made clear to us.  On the night in question the tramp had been "pounding his ear"--this stuck to me as being graphic--in an empty box-car along the siding at Casanova.  The train was going west, and due to leave at dawn.  The tramp and the "brakey" were friendly, and things going well.  About ten o'clock, perhaps earlier, a terrific crash against the side of the car roused him.  He tried to open the door, but could not move it.  He got out of the other side, and just as he did so, he heard some one groan.  The habits of a lifetime made him cautious.  He slipped on to the bumper of a car and peered through.  An automobile had struck the car, and stood there on two wheels.  The tail lights were burning, but the headlights were out.  Two men were stooping over some one who lay on the ground.  Then the taller of the two started on a dog-trot along the train looking for an empty.  He found one four cars away and ran back again.  The two lifted the unconscious man into the empty box-car, and, getting in themselves, stayed for three or four minutes.  When they came out, after closing the sliding door, they cut up over the railroad embankment toward the town.  One, the short one, seemed to limp.  The tramp was wary.  He waited for ten minutes or so.  Some women came down a path to the road and inspected the automobile.  When they had gone, he crawled into the box-car and closed the door again.  Then he lighted a match.  The figure of a man, unconscious, gagged, and with his hands tied, lay far at the end.  The tramp lost no time; he went through his pockets, found a little money and the cuff-links, and took them.  Then he loosened the gag--it had been cruelly tight--and went his way, again closing the door of the box-car.  Outside on the road he found the watch.  He got on the fast freight east, some time after, and rode into the city.  He had sold the cuff-links, but on offering the watch to Alex he had been "copped."  The story, with its cold recital of villainy, was done.  I hardly knew if I were more anxious, or less.  That it was Halsey, there could be no doubt.  How badly he was hurt, how far he had been carried, were the questions that demanded immediate answer.  But it was the first real information we had had; my boy had not been murdered outright.  But instead of vague terrors there was now the real fear that he might be lying in some strange hospital receiving the casual attention commonly given to the charity cases.  Even this, had we known it, would have been paradise to the terrible truth.  I wake yet and feel myself cold and trembling with the horror of Halsey's situation for three days after his disappearance.  Mr. Winters and Alex disposed of the tramp with a warning.  It was evident he had told us all he knew.  We had occasion, within a day or two, to be doubly thankful that we had given him his freedom.  When Mr. Jamieson telephoned that night we had news for him; he told me what I had not realized before--that it would not be possible to find Halsey at once, even with this clue.  The cars by this time, three days, might be scattered over the Union.  But he said to keep on hoping, that it was the best news we had had. And in the meantime, consumed with anxiety as we were, things were happening at the house in rapid succession.  We had one peaceful day--then Liddy took sick in the night.  I went in when I heard her groaning, and found her with a hot-water bottle to her face, and her right cheek swollen until it was glassy.  "Toothache?" I asked, not too gently.  "You deserve it.  A woman of your age, who would rather go around with an exposed nerve in her head than have the tooth pulled!  It would be over in a moment."  "So would hanging," Liddy protested, from behind the hot-water bottle.  I was hunting around for cotton and laudanum.  "You have a tooth just like it yourself, Miss Rachel," she whimpered. "And I'm sure Doctor Boyle's been trying to take it out for years."  There was no laudanum, and Liddy made a terrible fuss when I proposed carbolic acid, just because I had put too much on the cotton once and burned her mouth.  I'm sure it never did her any permanent harm; indeed, the doctor said afterward that living on liquid diet had been a splendid rest for her stomach.  But she would have none of the acid, and she kept me awake groaning, so at last I got up and went to Gertrude's door.  To my surprise, it was locked.  I went around by the hall and into her bedroom that way.  The bed was turned down, and her dressing-gown and night-dress lay ready in the little room next, but Gertrude was not there.  She had not undressed.  I don't know what terrible thoughts came to me in the minute I stood there.  Through the door I could hear Liddy grumbling, with a squeal now and then when the pain stabbed harder.  Then, automatically, I got the laudanum and went back to her.  It was fully a half-hour before Liddy's groans subsided.  At intervals I went to the door into the hall and looked out, but I saw and heard nothing suspicious.  Finally, when Liddy had dropped into a doze, I even ventured as far as the head of the circular staircase, but there floated up to me only the even breathing of Winters, the night detective, sleeping just inside the entry.  And then, far off, I heard the rapping noise that had lured Louise down the staircase that other night, two weeks before.  It was over my head, and very faint--three or four short muffled taps, a pause, and then again, stealthily repeated.  The sound of Mr. Winters' breathing was comforting; with the thought that there was help within call, something kept me from waking him.  I did not move for a moment; ridiculous things Liddy had said about a ghost--I am not at all superstitious, except, perhaps, in the middle of the night, with everything dark--things like that came back to me. Almost beside me was the clothes chute.  I could feel it, but I could see nothing.  As I stood, listening intently, I heard a sound near me. It was vague, indefinite.  Then it ceased; there was an uneasy movement and a grunt from the foot of the circular staircase, and silence again.  I stood perfectly still, hardly daring to breathe.  Then I knew I had been right.  Some one was stealthily-passing the head of the staircase and coming toward me in the dark.  I leaned against the wall for support--my knees were giving way. The steps were close now, and suddenly I thought of Gertrude.  Of course it was Gertrude.  I put out one hand in front of me, but I touched nothing.  My voice almost refused me, but I managed to gasp out, "Gertrude!"  "Good Lord!" a man's voice exclaimed, just beside me.  And then I collapsed.  I felt myself going, felt some one catch me, a horrible nausea--that was all I remembered.  When I came to it was dawn.  I was lying on the bed in Louise's room, with the cherub on the ceiling staring down at me, and there was a blanket from my own bed thrown over me.  I felt weak and dizzy, but I managed to get up and totter to the door.  At the foot of the circular staircase Mr. Winters was still asleep. Hardly able to stand, I crept back to my room.  The door into Gertrude's room was no longer locked: she was sleeping like a tired child.  And in my dressing-room Liddy hugged a cold hot-water bottle, and mumbled in her sleep.  "There's some things you can't hold with hand cuffs," she was muttering thickly.     For the first time in twenty years, I kept my bed that day. Liddy was alarmed to the point of hysteria, and sent for Doctor Stewart just after breakfast.  Gertrude spent the morning with me, reading something--I forget what.  I was too busy with my thoughts to listen. I had said nothing to the two detectives. If Mr. Jamieson had been there, I should have told him everything, but I could not go to these strange men and tell them my niece had been missing in the middle of the night; that she had not gone to bed at all; that while I was searching for her through the house, I had met a stranger who, when I fainted, had carried me into a room and left me there, to get better or not, as it might happen.  The whole situation was terrible: had the issues been less vital, it would have been absurd.  Here we were, guarded day and night by private detectives, with an extra man to watch the grounds, and yet we might as well have lived in a Japanese paper house, for all the protection we had.  And there was something else: the man I had met in the darkness had been even more startled than I, and about his voice, when he muttered his muffled exclamation, there was something vaguely familiar.  All that morning, while Gertrude read aloud, and Liddy watched for the doctor, I was puzzling over that voice, without result.  And there were other things, too.  I wondered what Gertrude's absence from her room had to do with it all, or if it had any connection.  I tried to think that she had heard the rapping noises before I did and gone to investigate, but I'm afraid I was a moral coward that day.  I could not ask her.  Perhaps the diversion was good for me.  It took my mind from Halsey, and the story we had heard the night before.  The day, however, was a long vigil, with every ring of the telephone full of possibilities. Doctor Walker came up, some time just after luncheon, and asked for me.  "Go down and see him," I instructed Gertrude.  "Tell him I am out--for mercy's sake don't say I'm sick.  Find out what he wants, and from this time on, instruct the servants that he is not to be admitted.  I loathe that man."  Gertrude came back very soon, her face rather flushed.  "He came to ask us to get out," she said, picking up her book with a jerk.  "He says Louise Armstrong wants to come here, now that she is recovering."  "And what did you say?"  "I said we were very sorry we could not leave, but we would be delighted to have Louise come up here with us.  He looked daggers at me.  And he wanted to know if we would recommend Eliza as a cook.  He has brought a patient, a man, out from town, and is increasing his establishment--that's the way he put it."  "I wish him joy of Eliza," I said tartly.  "Did he ask for Halsey?"  "Yes.  I told him that we were on the track last night, and that it was only a question of time.  He said he was glad, although he didn't appear to be, but he said not to be too sanguine."  "Do you know what I believe?" I asked.  "I believe, as firmly as I believe anything, that Doctor Walker knows something about Halsey, and that he could put his finger on him, if he wanted to."  There were several things that day that bewildered me.  About three o'clock Mr. Jamieson telephoned from the Casanova station and Warner went down to meet him.  I got up and dressed hastily, and the detective was shown up to my sitting-room.  "No news?" I asked, as he entered.  He tried to look encouraging, without success.  I noticed that he looked tired and dusty, and, although he was ordinarily impeccable in his appearance, it was clear that he was at least two days from a razor.  "It won't be long now, Miss Innes," he said.  "I have come out here on a peculiar errand, which I will tell you about later. First, I want to ask some questions.  Did any one come out here yesterday to repair the telephone, and examine the wires on the roof?"  "Yes," I said promptly; "but it was not the telephone.  He said the wiring might have caused the fire at the stable.  I went up with him myself, but he only looked around."  Mr. Jamieson smiled.  "Good for you!" he applauded.  "Don't allow any one in the house that you don't trust, and don't trust anybody.  All are not electricians who wear rubber gloves."  He refused to explain further, but he got a slip of paper out of his pocketbook and opened it carefully.  "Listen," he said.  "You heard this before and scoffed.  In the light of recent developments I want you to read it again.  You are a clever woman, Miss Innes.  Just as surely as I sit here, there is something in this house that is wanted very anxiously by a number of people.  The lines are closing up, Miss Innes."  The paper was the one he had found among Arnold Armstrong's effects, and I read it again:   "----by altering the plans for----rooms, may be possible.  The best way, in my opinion, would be to----the plan for----in one of the----rooms----chimney."   "I think I understand," I said slowly.  "Some one is searching for the secret room, and the invaders--"  "And the holes in the plaster--"  "Have been in the progress of his--"  "Or her--investigations."  "Her?" I asked.  "Miss Innes," the detective said, getting up, "I believe that somewhere in the walls of this house is hidden some of the money, at least, from the Traders' Bank.  I believe, just as surely, that young Walker brought home from California the knowledge of something of the sort and, failing in his effort to reinstall Mrs. Armstrong and her daughter here, he, or a confederate, has tried to break into the house.  On two occasions I think he succeeded."  "On three, at least," I corrected.  And then I told him about the night before.  "I have been thinking hard," I concluded, "and I do not believe the man at the head of the circular staircase was Doctor Walker.  I don't think he could have got in, and the voice was not his."  Mr. Jamieson got up and paced the floor, his hands behind him.  "There is something else that puzzles me," he said, stepping before me. "Who and what is the woman Nina Carrington?  If it was she who came here as Mattie Bliss, what did she tell Halsey that sent him racing to Doctor Walker's, and then to Miss Armstrong?  If we could find that woman we would have the whole thing."  "Mr. Jamieson, did you ever think that Paul Armstrong might not have died a natural death?"  "That is the thing we are going to try to find out," he replied.  And then Gertrude came in, announcing a man below to see Mr. Jamieson.  "I want you present at this interview, Miss Innes," he said. "May Riggs come up?  He has left Doctor Walker and he has something he wants to tell us."  Riggs came into the room diffidently, but Mr. Jamieson put him at his ease.  He kept a careful eye on me, however, and slid into a chair by the door when he was asked to sit down.  "Now, Riggs," began Mr. Jamieson kindly.  "You are to say what you have to say before this lady."  "You promised you'd keep it quiet, Mr. Jamieson."  Riggs plainly did not trust me.  There was nothing friendly in the glance he turned on me.  "Yes, yes.  You will be protected.  But, first of all, did you bring what you promised?"  Riggs produced a roll of papers from under his coat, and handed them over.  Mr. Jamieson examined them with lively satisfaction, and passed them to me.  "The blue-prints of Sunnyside," he said. "What did I tell you?  Now, Riggs, we are ready."  "I'd never have come to you, Mr. Jamieson," he began, "if it hadn't been for Miss Armstrong.  When Mr. Innes was spirited away, like, and Miss Louise got sick because of it, I thought things had gone far enough.  I'd done some things for the doctor before that wouldn't just bear looking into, but I turned a bit squeamish."  "Did you help with that?" I asked, leaning forward.  "No, ma'm.  I didn't even know of it until the next day, when it came out in the Casanova Weekly Ledger.  But I know who did it, all right. I'd better start at the beginning.  "When Doctor Walker went away to California with the Armstrong family, there was talk in the town that when he came back he would be married to Miss Armstrong, and we all expected it. First thing I knew, I got a letter from him, in the west.  He seemed to be excited, and he said Miss Armstrong had taken a sudden notion to go home and he sent me some money.  I was to watch for her, to see if she went to Sunnyside, and wherever she was, not to lose sight of her until he got home.  I traced her to the lodge, and I guess I scared you on the drive one night, Miss Innes."  "And Rosie!" I ejaculated.  Riggs grinned sheepishly.  "I only wanted to make sure Miss Louise was there.  Rosie started to run, and I tried to stop her and tell her some sort of a story to account for my being there.  But she wouldn't wait."  "And the broken china--in the basket?" I thought the pursuit was only in his own head. He had a man named Carter on guard in his house, and acting as butler.  "There was trouble of some sort in the organization; I do not know just what. Mr. Schwartz came here to meet Mr. Fleming, and it seemed there was money needed. Mr. Fleming had to have it at once. He gave me some securities to take to Plattsburg and turn into money. I went on the tenth--"  "Was that the day Mr. Fleming disappeared?" the chief interrupted.  "Yes. He went to the White Cat, and stayed there. No one but the caretaker and one other man knew he was there. On the night of the twenty-first, I came back, having turned my securities into money. I carried it in a package in a small Russia leather bag that never left my hand for a moment. Mr. Knox here suggested that I had put it down, and it had been exchanged for one just like it, but I did not let it out of my hand on that journey until I put it down on the porch at the Bellwood house, while I tried to get in. I live at Bellwood, with the Misses Maitland, sisters of Mr. Fleming's deceased wife. I don't pretend to know how it happened, but while I was trying to get into the house it was rifled. Mr. Knox will bear me out in that. I found my grip empty."  I affirmed it in a word. The chief was growing interested.  "What was in the bag?" he asked.  Wardrop tried to remember.  "A pair of pajamas," he said, "two military brushes and a clothes-brush, two or three soft-bosomed shirts, perhaps a half-dozen collars, and a suit of underwear."  "And all this was taken, as well as the money?"  "The bag was left empty, except for my railroad schedule."  The chief and Hunter exchanged significant glances. Then--  "Go on, if you please," the detective said cheerfully.  I think Wardrop realized the absurdity of trying to make any one believe that part of the story. He shut his lips and threw up his head as if he intended to say nothing further.  "Go on," I urged. If he could clear himself he must. I could not go back to Margery Fleming and tell her that her father had been murdered and her lover was accused of the crime.  "The bag was empty," he repeated. "I had not been five minutes trying to open the shutters, and yet the bag had been rifled. Mr. Knox here found it among the flowers below the veranda, empty."  The chief eyed me with awakened interest.  "You also live at Bellwood, Mr. Knox?"  "No, I am attorney to Miss Letitia Maitland, and was there one night as her guest. I found the bag as Mr. Wardrop described, empty."  The chief turned back to Wardrop.  "How much money was there in it when you--left it?"  "A hundred thousand dollars. I was afraid to tell Mr. Fleming, but I had to do it. We had a stormy scene, this morning. I think he thought the natural thing--that I had taken it."  "He struck you, I believe, and knocked you down?" asked Hunter smoothly.  Wardrop flushed.  "He was not himself; and, well, it meant a great deal to him. And he was out of cocaine; I left him raging, and when I went home I learned that Miss Jane Maitland had disappeared, been abducted, at the time my satchel had been emptied! It's no wonder I question my sanity."  "And then--to-night?" the chief persisted.  "To-night, I felt that some one would have to look after Mr. Fleming; I was afraid he would kill himself. It was a bad time to leave while Miss Jane was missing. But--when I got to the White Cat I found him dead. He was sitting with his back to the door, and his head on the table."  "Was the revolver in his hand?"  "Yes."  "You are sure?" from Hunter. "Isn't it a fact, Mr. Wardrop, that you took Mr. Fleming's revolver from him this morning when he threatened you with it?"  Wardrop's face twitched nervously.  "You have been misinformed," he replied, but no one was impressed by his tone. It was wavering, uncertain. From Hunter's face I judged it had been a random shot, and had landed unexpectedly well.  "How many people knew that Mr. Fleming had been hiding at the White Cat?" from the chief.  "Very few--besides myself, only a man who looks after the club-house in the mornings, and Clarkson, the cashier of the Borough Bank, who met him there once by appointment."  The chief made no comment.  "Now, Mr. Knox, what about you?"  "I opened the door into Mr. Fleming's room, perhaps a couple of minutes after Mr. Wardrop went out," I said. "He was dead then, leaning on his outspread arms over the table; he had been shot in the forehead."  "You heard no shot while you were in the hall?"  "There was considerable noise; I heard two or three sharp reports like the explosions of an automobile engine."  "Did they seem close at hand?"  "Not particularly; I thought, if I thought at all, that they were on the street."  "You are right about the automobile," Hunter said dryly. "The mayor sent his car away as I left to follow Mr. Wardrop. The sounds you heard were not shots."  "It is a strange thing," the chief reflected, "that a revolver could be fired in the upper room of an ordinary dwelling house, while that house was filled with people--and nobody hear it. Were there any powder marks on the body?"  "None," Hunter said.  The chief got up stiffly.  "Thank you very much, gentlemen," he spoke quietly. "I think that is all. Hunter, I would like to see you for a few minutes."  I think Wardrop was dazed at finding himself free; he had expected nothing less than an immediate charge of murder. As we walked to the corner for a car or cab, whichever materialized first, he looked back.  "I thought so," he said bitterly. A man was loitering after us along the street. The police were not asleep, they had only closed one eye.  The last train had gone. We took a night electric car to Wynton, and walked the three miles to Bellwood. Neither of us was talkative, and I imagine we were both thinking of Margery, and the news she would have to hear.  It had been raining, and the roads were vile. Once Wardrop turned around to where we could hear the detective splashing along, well behind.  "I hope he's enjoying it," he said. "I brought you by this road, so he'd have to wade in mud up to his neck."  "The devil you did!" I exclaimed. "I'll have to be scraped with a knife before I can get my clothes off."  We both felt better for the laugh; it was a sort of nervous reaction. The detective was well behind, but after a while Wardrop stood still, while I plowed along. They came up together presently, and the three of us trudged on, talking of immaterial things.  At the door Wardrop turned to the detective with a faint smile. "It's raining again," he said, "you'd better come in. You needn't worry about me; I'm not going to run away, and there's a couch in the library."  The detective grinned, and in the light from the hall I recognized the man I had followed to the police station two nights before.  "I guess I will," he said, looking apologetically at his muddy clothes. "This thing is only a matter of form, anyhow."  But he didn't lie down on the couch. He took a chair in the hall near the foot of the stairs, and we left him there, with the evening paper and a lamp. It was a queer situation, to say the least.      Wardrop looked so wretched that I asked him into my room, and mixed him some whisky and water. When I had given him a cigar he began to look a little less hopeless.  "You've been a darned sight better to me than I would have been to you, under the circumstances," he said gratefully.  "I thought we would better arrange about Miss Margery before we try to settle down," I replied. "What she has gone through in the last twenty-four hours is nothing to what is coming to-morrow. Will you tell her about her father?"  He took a turn about the room.  "I believe it would come better from you," he said finally. "I am in the peculiar position of having been suspected by her father of robbing him, by you of carrying away her aunt, and now by the police and everybody else of murdering her father."  "I do not suspect you of anything," I justified myself. "I don't think you are entirely open, that is all, Wardrop. I think you are damaging yourself to shield some one else."  His expressive face was on its guard in a moment. He ceased his restless pacing, pausing impressively before me.  "I give you my word as a gentleman--I do not know who killed Mr. Fleming, and that when I first saw him dead, my only thought was that he had killed himself. He had threatened to, that day. Why, if you think I killed him, you would have to think I robbed him, too, in order to find a motive."  I did not tell him that that was precisely what Hunter _did_ think. I evaded the issue.  "Mr. Wardrop, did you ever hear of the figures eleven twenty-two?" I inquired.  "Eleven twenty-two?" he repeated. "No, never in any unusual connection."  "You never heard Mr. Fleming use them?" I persisted.  He looked puzzled.  "Probably," he said. "In the very nature of Mr. Fleming's position, we used figures all the time. Eleven twenty-two. That's the time the theater train leaves the city for Bellwood. Not what you want, eh?"  "Not quite," I answered non-committally and began to wind my watch. He took the hint and prepared to leave.  "I'll not keep you up any longer," he said, picking up his raincoat. He opened the door and stared ruefully down at the detective in the hall below. "The old place is queer without Miss Jane," he said irrelevantly. "Well, good night, and thanks."  He went heavily along the hall and I closed my door, I heard him pass Margery's room and then go back and rap lightly. She was evidently awake.  "It's Harry," he called. "I thought you wouldn't worry if you knew I was in the house to-night."  She asked him something, for--  "Yes, he is here," he said. He stood there for a moment, hesitating over something, but whatever it was, he decided against it.  "Good night, dear," he said gently and went away.  The little familiarity made me wince. Every unattached man has the same pang now and then. I have it sometimes when Edith sits on the arm of Fred's chair, or one of the youngsters leaves me to run to "daddy." And one of the sanest men I ever met went to his office and proposed to his stenographer in sheer craving for domesticity, after watching the wife of one of his friends run her hand over her husband's chin and give him a reproving slap for not having shaved!  I pulled myself up sharply and after taking off my dripping coat, I went to the window and looked out into the May night. It seemed incredible that almost the same hour the previous night little Miss Jane had disappeared, had been taken bodily away through the peace of the warm spring darkness, and that I, as wide-awake as I was at that moment, acute enough of hearing to detect Wardrop's careful steps on the gravel walk below, had heard no struggle, had permitted this thing to happen without raising a finger in the old lady's defense. And she was gone as completely as if she had stepped over some psychic barrier into the fourth dimension!  I found myself avoiding the more recent occurrence at the White Cat. I was still too close to it to have gained any perspective. On that subject I was able to think clearly of only one thing: that I would have to tell Margery in the morning, and that I would have given anything I possessed for a little of Edith's diplomacy with which to break the bad news. It was Edith who broke the news to me that the moths had got into my evening clothes while I was hunting in the Rockies, by telling me that my dress-coat made me look narrow across the shoulders and persuading me to buy a new one and give the old one to Fred. Then she broke the news of the moths to Fred!  I was ready for bed when Wardrop came back and rapped at my door. He was still dressed, and he had the leather bag in his hand.  "Look here," he said excitedly, when I had closed the door, "this is not my bag at all. Fool that I was. I never examined it carefully."  He held it out to me, and I carried it to the light. It was an ordinary eighteen-inch Russia leather traveling-bag, tan in color, and with gold-plated mountings. It was empty, save for the railroad schedule that still rested in one side pocket. Wardrop pointed to the empty pocket on the other side.  "In my bag," he explained rapidly, "my name was written inside that pocket, in ink. I did it myself--my name and address."  I looked inside the pockets on both sides: nothing had been written in.  "Don't you see?" he asked excitedly. "Whoever stole my bag had this one to substitute for it. If we can succeed in tracing the bag here to the shop it came from, and from there to the purchaser, we have the thief."  "There's no maker's name in it," I said, after a casual examination. Wardrop's face fell, and he took the bag from me despondently.  "No matter which way I turn," he said, "I run into a blind alley. If I were worth a damn, I suppose I could find a way out. But I'm not. Well, I'll let you sleep this time."  At the door, however, he turned around and put the bag on the floor, just inside.  "If you don't mind, I'll leave it here," he said. "They'll be searching my room, I suppose, and I'd like to have the bag for future reference."  He went for good that time, and I put out the light. As an afterthought I opened my door perhaps six inches, and secured it with one of the pink conch-shells which flanked either end of the stone hearth. I had failed the night before: I meant to be on hand that night.  I went to sleep immediately, I believe. I have no idea how much later it was that I roused. I wakened suddenly and sat up in bed. There had been a crash of some kind, for the shock was still vibrating along my nerves. Dawn was close; the window showed gray against the darkness inside, and I could make out dimly the larger objects in the room. I listened intently, but the house seemed quiet. Still I was not satisfied. I got up and, lighting the candle, got into my raincoat in lieu of a dressing-gown, and prepared to investigate.  With the fatality that seemed to pursue my feet in that house, with my first step I trod squarely on top of the conch-shell, and I fell back on to the edge of the bed swearing softly and holding the injured member. Only when the pain began to subside did I realize that I had left the shell on the door-sill, and that it had moved at least eight feet while I slept!  When I could walk I put it on the mantel, its mate from the other end of the hearth beside it. Then I took my candle and went out into the hall. My door, which I had left open, I found closed; nothing else was disturbed. The leather bag sat just inside, as Wardrop had left it. Through Miss Maitland's transom were coming certain strangled and irregular sounds, now falsetto, now deep bass, that showed that worthy lady to be asleep. A glance down the staircase revealed Davidson, stretching in his chair and looking up at me.  "I'm frozen," he called up cautiously. "Throw me down a blanket or two, will you?"  I got a couple of blankets from my bed and took them down. He was examining his chair ruefully.  "There isn't any grip to this horsehair stuff," he complained. "Every time I doze off I dream I'm coasting down the old hill back on the farm, and when I wake up I'm sitting on the floor, with the end of my back bone bent like a hook."  He wrapped himself in the blankets and sat down again, taking the precaution this time to put his legs on another chair and thus anchor himself. Then he produced a couple of apples and a penknife and proceeded to pare and offer me one.  "Found 'em in the pantry," he said, biting into one. "I belong to the apple society. Eat one apple every day and keep healthy!" He stopped and stared intently at the apple. "I reckon I got a worm that time," he said, with less ardor.  "I'll get something to wash him down," I offered, rising, but he waved me back to my stair.  "Not on your life," he said with dignity. "Let him walk. How are things going up-stairs?"  "You didn't happen to be up there a little while ago, did you?" I questioned in turn.  "No. I've been kept busy trying to sit tight where I am. Why?"  "Some one came into my room and wakened me," I explained. "I heard a racket and when I got up I found a shell that I had put on the door-sill to keep the door open, in the middle of the room. I stepped on it."  He examined a piece of apple before putting it in his mouth. Then he turned a pair of shrewd eyes on me.  "That's funny," he said. "Anything in the room disturbed?"  "Nothing."  "Where's the shell now?"  "On the mantel. I didn't want to step on it again."  He thought for a minute, but his next remark was wholly facetious.  "No. I guess you won't step on it up there. Like the old woman: she says, 'Motorman, if I put my foot on the rail will I be electrocuted?' And he says, 'No, madam, not unless you put your other foot on the trolley wire.'"  I got up impatiently. There was no humor in the situation that night for me.  "Some one had been in the room," I reiterated. "The door was closed, although I had left it open."  He finished his apple and proceeded with great gravity to drop the parings down the immaculate register in the floor beside his chair. Then--  "I've only got one business here, Mr. Knox," he said in an undertone, "and you know what that is. But if it will relieve your mind of the thought that there was anything supernatural about your visitor, I'll tell you that it was Mr. Wardrop, and that to the best of my belief he was in your room, not once, but twice, in the last hour and a half. As far as that shell goes, it was I that kicked it, having gone up without my shoes."  I stared at him blankly.  "What could he have wanted?" I exclaimed. But with his revelation, Davidson's interest ceased; he drew the blanket up around his shoulders and shivered.  "Search me," he said and yawned.  I went back to bed, but not to sleep. I deliberately left the door wide open, but no intrusion occurred. Once I got up and glanced down the stairs. For all his apparent drowsiness, Davidson heard my cautious movements, and saluted me in a husky whisper.  "Have you got any quinine?" he said. "I'm sneezing my head off."  But I had none. I gave him a box of cigarettes, and after partially dressing, I threw myself across the bed to wait for daylight. I was roused by the sun beating on my face, to hear Miss Letitia's tones from her room across.  "Nonsense," she was saying querulously. "Don't you suppose I can smell? Do you think because I'm a little hard of hearing that I've lost my other senses? Somebody's been smoking."  "It's me," Heppie shouted. "I--"  "You?" "I think it's Mrs. Ladley's fur coat," I said.  He stood there looking at it and thinking. Then: "It can't be hers," he said. "She wore hers when she went away."  "Perhaps she dropped it in the water."  He looked at me and smiled. "And why would she do that?" he asked mockingly. "Was it out of fashion?"  "That's Mrs. Ladley's coat," I persisted, but Molly Maguire jerked it from me and started away. He stood there looking at me and smiling in his nasty way.  "This excitement is telling on you, Mrs. Pitman," he said coolly. "You're too emotional for detective work." Then he went in and shut the door.  When I went down-stairs, Molly Maguire was waiting in the kitchen, and had the audacity to ask me if I thought the coat needed a new lining!  It was on Monday evening that the strangest event in years happened to me. I went to my sister's house! And the fact that I was admitted at a side entrance made it even stranger. It happened in this way:  Supper was over, and I was cleaning up, when an automobile came to the door. It was Alma's car. The chauffeur gave me a note:      "DEAR MRS PITMAN--I am not at all well, and very anxious. Will     you come to see me at once? My mother is out to dinner, and I am     alone. The car will bring you. Cordially,     "LIDA HARVEY."  I put on my best dress at once and got into the limousine. Half the neighborhood was out watching. I leaned back in the upholstered seat, fairly quivering with excitement. This was Alma's car; that was Alma's card-case; the little clock had her monogram on it. Even the flowers in the flower holder, yellow tulips, reminded me of Alma--a trifle showy, but good to look at! And I was going to her house!  I was not taken to the main entrance, but to a side door. The queer dream-like feeling was still there. In this back hall, relegated from the more conspicuous part of the house, there were even pieces of furniture from the old home, and my father's picture, in an oval gilt frame, hung over my head. I had not seen a picture of him for twenty years. I went over and touched it gently.  "Father, father!" I said.  Under it was the tall hall chair that I had climbed over as a child, and had stood on many times, to see myself in the mirror above. The chair was newly finished and looked the better for its age. I glanced in the old glass. The chair had stood time better than I. I was a middle-aged woman, lined with poverty and care, shabby, prematurely gray, a little hard. I had thought my father an old man when that picture was taken, and now I was even older. "Father!" I whispered again, and fell to crying in the dimly lighted hall.  Lida sent for me at once. I had only time to dry my eyes and straighten my hat. Had I met Alma on the stairs, I would have passed her without a word. She would not have known me. But I saw no one.  Lida was in bed. She was lying there with a rose-shaded lamp beside her, and a great bowl of spring flowers on a little stand at her elbow. She sat up when I went in, and had a maid place a chair for me beside the bed. She looked very childish, with her hair in a braid on the pillow, and her slim young arms and throat bare.  "I'm so glad you came!" she said, and would not be satisfied until the light was just right for my eyes, and my coat unfastened and thrown open.  "I'm not really ill," she informed me. "I'm--I'm just tired and nervous, and--and unhappy, Mrs. Pitman."  "I am sorry," I said. I wanted to lean over and pat her hand, to draw the covers around her and mother her a little,--I had had no one to mother for so long,--but I could not. She would have thought it queer and presumptuous--or no, not that. She was too sweet to have thought that.  "Mrs. Pitman," she said suddenly, "_who was_ this Jennie Brice?"  "She was an actress. She and her husband lived at my house."  "Was she--was she beautiful?"  "Well," I said slowly, "I never thought of that. She was handsome, in a large way."  "Was she young?"  "Yes. Twenty-eight or so."  "That isn't very young," she said, looking relieved. "But I don't think men like very young women. Do you?"  "I know one who does," I said, smiling. But she sat up in bed suddenly and looked at me with her clear childish eyes.  "I don't want him to like me!" she flashed. "I--I want him to hate me."  "Tut, tut! You want nothing of the sort."  "Mrs. Pitman," she said, "I sent for you because I'm nearly crazy. Mr. Howell was a friend of that woman. He has acted like a maniac since she disappeared. He doesn't come to see me, he has given up his work on the paper, and I saw him to-day on the street--he looks like a ghost."  That put me to thinking.  "He might have been a friend," I admitted. "Although, as far as I know, he was never at the house but once, and then he saw both of them."  "When was that?"  "Sunday morning, the day before she disappeared. They were arguing something."  She was looking at me attentively. "You know more than you are telling me, Mrs. Pitman," she said. "You--do you think Jennie Brice is dead, and that Mr. Howell knows--who did it?"  "I think she is dead, and I think possibly Mr. Howell suspects who did it. He does not _know_, or he would have told the police."  "You do not think he was--was in love with Jennie Brice, do you?"  "I'm certain of that," I said. "He is very much in love with a foolish girl, who ought to have more faith in him than she has."  [Illustration: She sat up in bed suddenly.]  She colored a little, and smiled at that, but the next moment she was sitting forward, tense and questioning again.  "If that is true, Mrs. Pitman," she said, "who was the veiled woman he met that Monday morning at daylight, and took across the bridge to Pittsburgh? I believe it was Jennie Brice. If it was not, who was it?"  "I don't believe he took any woman across the bridge at that hour. Who says he did?"  "Uncle Jim saw him. He had been playing cards all night at one of the clubs, and was walking home. He says he met Mr. Howell face to face, and spoke to him. The woman was tall and veiled. Uncle Jim sent for him, a day or two later, and he refused to explain. Then they forbade him the house. Mama objected to him, anyhow, and he only came on sufferance. He is a college man of good family, but without any money at all save what he earns.. And now--"  I had had some young newspaper men with me, and I knew what they got. They were nice boys, but they made fifteen dollars a week. I'm afraid I smiled a little as I looked around the room, with its gray grass-cloth walls, its toilet-table spread with ivory and gold, and the maid in attendance in her black dress and white apron, collar and cuffs. Even the little nightgown Lida was wearing would have taken a week's salary or more. She saw my smile.  "It was to be his chance," she said. "If he made good, he was to have something better. My Uncle Jim owns the paper, and he promised me to help him. But--"  So Jim was running a newspaper! That was a curious career for Jim to choose. Jim, who was twice expelled from school, and who could never write a letter without a dictionary beside him! I had a pang when I heard his name again, after all the years. For I had written to Jim from Oklahoma, after Mr. Pitman died, asking for money to bury him, and had never even had a reply.  "And you haven't seen him since?"  "Once. I--didn't hear from him, and I called him up. We--we met in the park. He said everything was all right, but he couldn't tell me just then. The next day he resigned from the paper and went away. Mrs. Pitman, it's driving me crazy! For they have found a body, and they think it is hers. If it is, and he was with her--"  "Don't be a foolish girl," I protested. "If he was with Jennie Brice, she is still living, and if he was _not_ with Jennie Brice--"  "If it was _not_ Jennie Brice, then I have a right to know who it was," she declared. "He was not like himself when I met him. He said such queer things: he talked about an onyx clock, and said he had been made a fool of, and that no matter what came out, I was always to remember that he had done what he did for the best, and that--that he cared for me more than for anything in this world or the next."  "That wasn't so foolish!" I couldn't help it; I leaned over and drew her nightgown up over her bare white shoulder. "You won't help anything or anybody by taking cold, my dear," I said. "Call your maid and have her put a dressing-gown around you."  I left soon after. There was little I could do. But I comforted her as best I could, and said good night. My heart was heavy as I went down the stairs. For, twist things as I might, it was clear that in some way the Howell boy was mixed up in the Brice case. Poor little troubled Lida! Poor distracted boy!  I had a curious experience down-stairs. I had reached the foot of the staircase and was turning to go back and along the hall to the side entrance, when I came face to face with Isaac, the old colored man who had driven the family carriage when I was a child, and whom I had seen, at intervals since I came back, pottering around Alma's house. The old man was bent and feeble; he came slowly down the hall, with a bunch of keys in his hand. I had seen him do the same thing many times.  He stopped when he saw me, and I shrank back from the light, but he had seen me. "Miss Bess!" he said. "Foh Gawd's sake, Miss Bess!"  "You are making a mistake, my friend," I said, quivering. "I am not 'Miss Bess'!"  He came close to me and stared into my face. And from that he looked at my cloth gloves, at my coat, and he shook his white head. "I sure thought you was Miss Bess," he said, and made no further effort to detain me. He led the way back to the door where the machine waited, his head shaking with the palsy of age, muttering as he went. He opened the door with his best manner, and stood aside.  "Good night, ma'am," he quavered.  I had tears in my eyes. I tried to keep them back. "Good night," I said. "Good night, _Ikkie_."  It had slipped out, my baby name for old Isaac!  "Miss Bess!" he cried. "Oh, praise Gawd, it's Miss Bess again!"  He caught my arm and pulled me back into the hall, and there he held me, crying over me, muttering praises for my return, begging me to come back, recalling little tender things out of the past that almost killed me to hear again.  But I had made my bed and must lie in it. I forced him to swear silence about my visit; I made him promise not to reveal my identity to Lida; and I told him--Heaven forgive me!--that I was well and prosperous and happy.  Dear old Isaac! I would not let him come to see me, but the next day there came a basket, with six bottles of wine, and an old daguerreotype of my mother, that had been his treasure. Nor was that basket the last.      The coroner held an inquest over the headless body the next day, Tuesday. Mr. Graves telephoned me in the morning, and I went to the morgue with him.  I do not like the morgue, although some of my neighbors pay it weekly visits. It is by way of excursion, like nickelodeons or watching the circus put up its tents. I have heard them threaten the children that if they misbehaved they would not be taken to the morgue that week!  I failed to identify the body. How could I? It had been a tall woman, probably five feet eight, and I thought the nails looked like those of Jennie Brice. The thumb-nail of one was broken short off. I told Mr. Graves about her speaking of a broken nail, but he shrugged his shoulders and said nothing.  There was a curious scar over the heart, and he was making a sketch of it. It reached from the center of the chest for about six inches across the left breast, a narrow thin line that one could hardly see. It was shaped like this:  I felt sure that Jennie Brice had had no such scar, and Mr. Graves thought as I did. Temple Hope, called to the inquest, said she had never heard of one, and Mr. Ladley himself, at the inquest, swore that his wife had had nothing of the sort. I was watching him, and I did not think he was lying. And yet--the hand was very like Jennie Brice's. It was all bewildering.  Mr. Ladley's testimoney at the inquest was disappointing. He was cool and collected: said he had no reason to believe that his wife was dead, and less reason to think she had been drowned; she had left him in a rage, and if she found out that by hiding she was putting him in an unpleasant position, she would probably hide indefinitely.  To the disappointment of everybody, the identity of the woman remained a mystery. No one with such a scar was missing. A small woman of my own age, a Mrs. Murray, whose daughter, a stenographer, had disappeared, attended the inquest. But her daughter had had no such scar, and had worn her nails short, because of using the typewriter. Alice Murray was the missing girl's name. Her mother sat beside me, and cried most of the time.  One thing was brought out at the inquest: the body had been thrown into the river _after_ death. There was no water in the lungs. The verdict was "death by the hands of some person or persons unknown."  Mr. Holcombe was not satisfied. In some way or other he had got permission to attend the autopsy, and had brought away a tracing of the scar. All the way home in the street-car he stared at the drawing, holding first one eye shut and then the other. But, like the coroner, he got nowhere. He folded the paper and put it in his note-book.  "None the less, Mrs. Pitman," he said, "that is the body of Jennie Brice; her husband killed her, probably by strangling her; he took the body out in the boat and dropped it into the swollen river above the Ninth Street bridge."  "Why do you think he strangled her?"  "There was no mark on the body, and no poison was found."  "Then if he strangled her, where did the blood come from?"  "I didn't limit myself to strangulation," he said irritably. "He may have cut her throat."  "Or brained her with my onyx clock," I added with a sigh. For I missed the clock more and more.  He went down in his pockets and brought up a key. "I'd forgotten this," he said. "It shows you were right--that the clock was there when the Ladleys took the room. I found this in the yard this morning."  It was when I got home from the inquest that I found old Isaac's basket waiting. I am not a crying woman, but I could hardly see my mother's picture for tears.--Well, after all, that is not the Brice story. I am not writing the sordid tragedy of my life.  That was on Tuesday. Jennie Brice had been missing nine days. In all that time, although she was cast for the piece at the theater that week, no one there had heard from her. Her relatives had had no word. She had gone away, if she had gone, on a cold March night, in a striped black and white dress with a red collar, and a red and black hat, without her fur coat, which she had worn all winter. She had gone very early in the morning, or during the night. How had she gone? Mr. Ladley said he had rowed her to Federal Street at half after six and had brought the boat back. After they had quarreled violently all night, and when she was leaving him, wouldn't he have allowed her to take herself away? Besides, the police had found no trace of her on an early train. And then at daylight, between five and six, my own brother had seen a woman with Mr. Howell, a woman who might have been Jennie Brice. But if it was, why did not Mr. Howell say so?  Mr. Ladley claimed she was hiding, in revenge. But Jennie Brice was not that sort of woman; there was something big about her, something that is found often in large women--a lack of spite. She was not petty or malicious. Her faults, like her virtues, were for all to see.  In spite of the failure to identify the body, Mr. Ladley was arrested that night, Tuesday, and this time it was for murder. I know now that the police were taking long chances. They had no strong motive for the crime. As Mr. Holcombe said, they had provocation, but not motive, which is different. They had opportunity, and they had a lot of straggling links of clues, which in the total made a fair chain of circumstantial evidence. But that was all.  That is the way the case stood on Tuesday night, March the thirteenth.  Mr. Ladley was taken away at nine o'clock. He was perfectly cool, asked me to help him pack a suit case, and whistled while it was being done. He requested to be allowed to walk to the jail, and went quietly, with a detective on one side and I think a sheriff's officer on the other.  Just before he left, he asked for a word or two with me, and when he paid his bill up to date, and gave me an extra dollar for taking care of Peter, I was almost overcome. He took the manuscript of his play with him, and I remember his asking if he could have any typing done in the jail. I had never seen a man arrested for murder before, but I think he was probably the coolest suspect the officers had ever seen. They hardly knew what to make of it.  Mr. Reynolds and I had a cup of tea after all the excitement, and were sitting at the dining-room table drinking it, when the bell rang. It was Mr. Howell! He half staggered into the hall when I opened the door, and was for going into the parlor bedroom without a word.  "Mr. Ladley's gone, if you want him," I said. I thought his face cleared.  "Gone!" he said. "Where?"  "To jail."  He did not reply at once. He stood there, tapping the palm of one hand with the forefinger of the other. He was dirty and unshaven. His clothes looked as if he had been sleeping in them.  "So they've got him!" he muttered finally, and turning, was about to go out the front door without another word, but I caught his arm.  "You're sick, Mr. Howell," I said. "You'd better not go out just yet."  "Oh, I'm all right." He took his handkerchief out and wiped his face. I saw that his hands were shaking.  "Come back and have a cup of tea, and a slice of home-made bread."  He hesitated and looked at his watch. "I'll do it, Mrs. Pitman," he said. "I suppose I'd better throw a little fuel into this engine of mine. It's been going hard for several days."  He ate like a wolf. The voices of the men aft died away gradually, as, one by one, they rolled themselves in blankets on the deck, not to sleep, but to rest and watch.  The lookout, in his lonely perch high above the deck, called down guardedly to ask for company, and one of the crew went up.  When she turned to me again, it was to find my eyes fixed on her.  "You say you have neither money nor influence.  And yet, you are a gentleman."  "I hope so."  "You know what I mean"--impatiently.  "You are not a common sailor."  "I did not claim to be one."  "You are quite determined we shall not know anything about you?"  "There is nothing to know.  I have given you my name, which is practically all I own in the world.  I needed a chance to recover from an illness, and I was obliged to work.  This offered the best opportunity to combine both."  "You are not getting much chance--to rest," she said, with a sigh, and got up.  I went with her to the companionway, and opened the door.  She turned and looked at me.  "Good-night."  "Good-night, Miss Lee."  "I--I feel very safe with you on guard," she said, and held out her hand.  I took it in mine, with my heart leaping.  It was as cold as ice.  That night, at four bells, I mustered the crew as silently as possible around the jollyboat, and we lowered it into the water. The possibility of a dead calm had convinced me that the sooner it was done the better. We arranged to tow the boat astern, and Charlie Jones suggested a white light in its bow, so we could be sure at night that it had not broken loose.  Accordingly, we attached to the bow of the jolly-boat a tailed block with an endless fall riven through it, so as to be able to haul in and refill the lantern.  Five bells struck by the time we had arranged the towing-line.  We dropped the jolly-boat astern and made fast the rope.  It gave me a curious feeling, that small boat rising and falling behind us, with its dead crew, and its rocking light, and, on its side above the water-line, the black cross--a curious feeling of pursuit, as if, across the water, they in the boat were following us.  And, perhaps because the light varied, sometimes it seemed to drop behind, as if wearying of the chase, and again, in great leaps, to be overtaking us, to be almost upon us.  An open boat with a small white light and a black cross on the side.      The night passed without incident, except for one thing that we were unable to verify.  At six bells, during the darkest hour of the night that precedes the early dawn of summer, Adams, from the crow's-nest, called down, in a panic, that there was something crawling on all fours on the deck below him.  Burns, on watch at the companionway, ran forward with his revolver, and narrowly escaped being brained--Adams at that moment flinging down a marlinespike that he had carried aloft with him.  I heard the crash and joined Burns, and together we went over the deck and, both houses.  Everything was quiet: the crew in various attitudes of exhausted sleep, their chests and dittybags around them; Oleson at the wheel; and Singleton in his jail-room, breathing heavily.  Adams's nerve was completely gone, and, being now thoroughly awake, I joined him in the crow's-nest.  Nothing could convince him that he had been the victim of a nervous hallucination.  He stuck to his story firmly.  "It was on the forecastle-head first," he maintained.  "I saw it gleaming."  "Gleaming?"  "Sort of shining," he explained.  "It came up over the rail, and at first it stood up tall, like a white post."  "You didn't say before that it was white."  "It was shining," he said slowly, trying to put his idea into words. "Maybe not exactly white, but light-colored.  It stood still for so long, I thought I must be mistaken--that it was a light on the rigging. Then I got to thinking that there wasn't no place for a light to come from just there."  That was true enough.  "First it was as tall as a man, or taller maybe," he went on. "Then it seemed about half that high and still in the same place. Then it got lower still, and it took to crawling along on its belly.  It was then I yelled."  I looked down.  The green starboard light threw a light over only a small part of the deck.  The red light did no better.  The masthead was possibly thirty feet above the hull, and served no illuminating purpose whatever.  From the bridge forward the deck was practically dark.  "You yelled, and then what happened?"  His reply was vague--troubled.  "I'm not sure," he said slowly.  "It seemed to fade away.  The white got smaller--went to nothing, like a cloud blown away in a gale. I flung the spike."  I accepted the story with outward belief and a mental reservation. But I did not relish the idea of the spike Adams had thrown lying below on deck.  No more formidable weapon short of an axe, could be devised.  I said as much.  "I'm going down for it," I said; "if you're nervous, you'd better keep it by you.  But don't drop it on everything that moves below. You almost got Burns."  I went down cautiously, and struck a match where Adams had indicated the spike.  It was not there.  Nor had Burns picked it up.  A splintered board showed where it had struck, and a smaller indentation where it had rebounded; but the marlinespike was gone, and Burns had not seen it.  We got a lantern and searched systematically, without result.  Burns turned to me a face ghastly in the oil light.  "Somebody has it," he said, "and there will be more murder! Oh, my God, Leslie!"  "When you went back after the alarm, did you count the men?"  "No; Oleson said no one had come forward.  They could not have passed without his seeing them.  He has the binnacle lantern and two other lights."  "And no one came from the after house?"  "No one."  Eight bells rang out sharply.  The watch changed.  I took the revolver and Burns's position at the companionway, while Burns went aft.  He lined up the men by the binnacle light, and went over them carefully. The marlinespike was not found; but he took from the cook a long meat-knife, and brought both negro and knife forward to me.  The man was almost collapsing with terror.  He maintained that he had taken the knife for self-protection, and we let him go with a warning.  Dawn brought me an hour's sleep, the first since my awakening in the storeroom.  When I roused, Jones at the wheel had thrown an extra blanket over me, for the morning was cool and a fine rain was falling.  The men were scattered around in attitudes of dejection, one or two of them leaning over the rail, watching the jolly-boat, riding easily behind us.  Jones heard me moving, and turned.  "Your friend below must be pretty bad, sir," he said.  "Your lady-love has been asking for you.  I wouldn't let them wake you."  "My--what?"  He waxed apologetic at once.  "That's just my foolishness, Leslie," he said.  "No disrespect to the lady, I'm sure.  If it ain't so, it ain't, and no harm done. If it is so, why, you needn't be ashamed, boy.  'The way of a man with a maid,' says the Book."  "You should have called me, Jones," I said sharply.  "And no nonsense of that sort with the men."  He looked hurt, but made no reply beyond touching his cap.  And, while I am mentioning that, I may speak of the changed attitude of the men toward me from the time they put me in charge.  Whether the deference was to the office rather than the man, or whether in placing me in authority they had merely expressed a general feeling that I was with them rather than of them, I do not know.  I am inclined to think the former.  The result, in any case, was the same. They deferred to me whenever possible, brought large and small issues alike to me, served me my food alone, against my protestations, and, while navigating the ship on their own responsibility, took care to come to me for authority for everything.  Before I went below that morning, I suggested that some of the spare canvas be used to erect a shelter on the after deck, and this was done. The rain by that time was driving steadily--a summer rain without wind. The men seemed glad to have occupation, and, from that time on, the tent which they erected over the hatchway aft of the wheel was their living and eating quarters.  It added something to their comfort: I was not so certain that it added to their security.  Turner was violent that day.  I found all four women awake and dressed, and Mrs. Turner, whose hour it was on duty, in a chair outside the door.  The stewardess, her arm in a sling, was making tea over a spirit-lamp, and Elsa was helping her.  Mrs. Johns was stretched on a divan, and on the table lay a small revolver.  Clearly, Elsa had told the incident of the key.  I felt at once the atmosphere of antagonism.  Mrs. Johns watched me coolly from under lowered eyelids.  The stewardess openly scowled.  And Mrs. Turner rose hastily, and glanced at Mrs. Johns, as if in doubt.  Elsa had her back to me, and was busy with the cups.  "I'm afraid you've had a bad night," I said.  "A very bad night," Mrs. Turner replied stiffly.  "Delirium?"  "Very marked.  He has talked of a white figure--we cannot quite make it out.  It seems to be Wilmer--Mr. Vail."  She had not opened the door, but stood, nervously twisting her fingers, before it.  "The bromides had no effect?"  She glanced helplessly at the others.  "None," she said, after a moment.  Elsa Lee wheeled suddenly and glanced scornfully at her sister.  "Why don't you tell him?" she demanded.  "Why don't you say you didn't give the bromides?"  "Why not?"  Mrs. Johns raised herself on her elbow and looked at me.  "Why should we?" she asked.  "How do we know what you are giving him? You are not friendly to him or to us.  We know what you are trying to do--you are trying to save yourself, at any cost.  You put a guard at the companionway.  You rail off the deck for our safety.  You drop the storeroom key in Mr. Turner's cabin, where Elsa will find it, and will be obliged to acknowledge she found it, and then take it from her by force, so you can show it later on and save yourself!"  Elsa turned on her quickly.  "I told you how he got it, Adele.  I tried to throw it--"  "Oh, if you intend to protect him!"  "I am rather bewildered," I said slowly; "but, under the circumstances, I suppose you do not wish me to look after Mr. Turner?"  "We think not"--from Mrs. Turner.  "How will you manage alone?"  Mrs. Johns got up and lounged to the table.  She wore a long satin negligee of some sort, draped with lace.  It lay around her on the floor in gleaming lines of soft beauty.  Her reddish hair was low on her neck, and she held a cigarette, negligently, in her teeth. All the women smoked, Mrs. Johns incessantly.  She laid one hand lightly on the revolver, and flicked the ash from her cigarette with the other.  "We have decided," she said insolently, "that, if the crew may establish a dead-line, so may we.  Our dead-line is the foot of the companionway.  One of us will be on watch always.  I am an excellent shot."  "I do not doubt it." I faced her.  "I am afraid you will suffer for air; otherwise, the arrangement is good.  You relieve me of part of the responsibility for your safety.  Tom will bring your food to the steps and leave it there."  "Thank you."  "With good luck, two weeks will see us in port; and then--"  "In port! You are taking us back?"  "Why not?"  She picked up the revolver and examined it absently.  Then she glanced at me, and shrugged her shoulders.  "How can we know? Perhaps this is a mutiny, and you are on your way to some God forsaken island.  That's the usual thing among pirates, isn't it?"  "I have no answer to that, Mrs. Johns," I said quietly, and turned to where Elsa sat.  "I shall not come back unless you send for me," I said.  "But I want you to know that my one object in life from now on is to get you back safely to land; that your safety comes first, and that the vigilance on deck in your interest will not be relaxed."  "Fine words!" the stewardess muttered.  The low mumbling from Turner's room had persisted steadily.  Now it rose again in the sharp frenzy that had characterized it through the long night.  "Don't look at me like that, man!" he cried, and then "He's lost a hand!  A hand!"  Mrs. Turner went quickly into the cabin, and the sounds ceased.  I looked at Elsa, but she avoided my eyes.  I turned heavily and went up the companionway.      It rained heavily all that day.  Late in the afternoon we got some wind, and all hands turned out to trim sail.  Action was a relief, and the weather suited our disheartened state better than had the pitiless August sun, the glaring white of deck and canvas, and the heat.  The heavy drops splashed and broke on top of the jolly-boat, and, as the wind came up, it rode behind us like a live thing.  Our distress signal hung sodden, too wet to give more than a dejected response to the wind that tugged at it.  Late in the afternoon we sighted a large steamer, and when, as darkness came on, she showed no indication of changing her course, Burns and I sent up a rocket and blew the fog horn steadily.  She altered her course then and came towards us, and we ran up our code flags for immediate assistance; but she veered off shortly after, and went on her way.  We made no further effort to attract her attention. Burns thought her a passenger steamer for the Bermudas, and, as her way was not ours, she could not have been of much assistance.  One or two of the men were already showing signs of strain.  Oleson, the Swede, developed a chill, followed by fever and a mild delirium, and Adams complained of sore throat and nausea.  Oleson's illness was genuine enough.  Adams I suspected of malingering.  He had told the men he would not go up to the crow's-nest again without a revolver, and this I would not permit.  Our original crew had numbered nine--with the cook and Williams, eleven.  But the two Negroes were not seamen, and were frightened into a state bordering on collapse.  Of the men actually useful, there were left only five: Clarke, McNamara, Charlie Jones, Burns, and myself; and I was a negligible quantity as regarded the working of the ship.  With Burns and myself on guard duty, the burden fell on Clarke, McNamara, and Jones.  A suggestion of mine that we release Singleton was instantly vetoed by the men.  It was arranged, finally, that Clarke and McNamara take alternate watches at the wheel, and Jones be given the lookout for the night, to be relieved by either Burns or myself.  I watched the weather anxiously.  We were too short-handed to manage any sort of a gale; and yet, the urgency of our return made it unwise to shorten canvas too much.  It was as well, perhaps, that I had so much to distract my mind from the situation in the after house.  The second of the series of curious incidents that complicated our return voyage occurred that night.  I was on watch from eight bells midnight until four in the morning.  Jones was in the crow's-nest, McNamara at the wheel.  I was at the starboard forward corner of the after house, looking over the rail.  I thought that I had seen the lights of a steamer.  The rain had ceased, but the night was still very dark.  I heard a sort of rapping from the forward house, and took a step toward it, listening.  Jones heard it, too, and called down to me, nervously, to see what was wrong.  I called up to him, cautiously, to come down and take my place while I investigated.  I thought it was Singleton.  When Jones had taken up his position at the companionway, I went forward.  The knocking continued, and I traced it to Singleton's cabin.  His window was open, being too small for danger, but barred across with strips of wood outside, like those in the after house.  But he was at the door, hammering frantically.  I called to him through the open window, but the only answer was renewed and louder pounding.  I ran around to his door, and felt for the key, which I carried.  "What is the matter?" I called.  "Who is it?"  "Leslie."  "For God's sake, open the door!"  I unlocked it and threw it open.  He retreated before me, with his hands out, and huddled against the wall beside the window.  I struck a match.  His face was drawn and distorted, and he held his arm up as if to ward off a blow.  I lighted the lamp, for there were no electric lights in the forward house, and stared at him, amazed.  Satisfied that I was really Leslie, he had stooped, and was fumbling under the window.  When he straightened, he held something out to me in the palm of his shaking hand.  I saw, with surprise, that it was a tobacco-pouch.  "Well?" I demanded.  "It was on the ledge," he said hoarsely.  "I put it there myself. All the time I was pounding, I kept saying that, if it was still there, it was not true--I'd just fancied it.  If the pouch was on the floor, I'd know."  "Know what?"  "It was there," he said, looking over his shoulder.  "It's been there three times, looking in--all in white, and grinning at me."  "A man?"  "It--it hasn't got any face."  "How could it grin--at you if it hasn't any face?" I demanded impatiently.  "Pull yourself together and tell me what you saw."  It was some time before he could tell a connected story, and, when he did, I was inclined to suspect that he had heard us talking the night before, had heard Adams's description of the intruder on the forecastle-head, and that, what with drink and terror, he had fancied the rest.  And yet, I was not so sure.  "I was asleep, the first time," he said.  "I don't know how long ago it was.  I woke up cold, with the feeling that something was looking at me.  I raised up in bed, and there was a thing at the window.  It was looking in."  "What sort of a thing?"  "What I told you--white."  "A white head?"  "It wasn't a head.  For God's sake, Leslie! I can't tell you any more than that.  I saw it.  That's enough.  I saw it three times."  "It isn't enough for me," I said doggedly.  "It hadn't any head or face, but it looked in! It's dark out there.  How could you see?"  For reply, he leaned over and, turning down the lamp, blew it out. We sat in the smoking darkness, and slowly, out of the thick night, the window outlined itself.  I could see it distinctly.  But how, white and faceless, had it stared in at the window, or reached through the bars, as Singleton declared it had done, and waved a fingerless hand at us?  He was in a state of mental and physical collapse, and begged so pitifully not to be left, that at last I told him I would take him with me, on his promise to remain in a chair until dawn, and to go back without demur.  He sat near me, amidships, huddled down among the cushions of one of the wicker chairs, not sleeping, but staring straight out, motionless.  With the first light of dawn Burns relieved me, and I went forward with Singleton.  He dropped into his bunk, and was asleep almost immediately.  Then, inch by inch, I went over the deck for footprints, for any clue to what, under happier circumstances, I should have considered a ghastly hoax. I was roused about dawn by a light rap at the door, and, opening it, I found Forbes, in a pair of trousers and a pajama coat. He was as pleasant as most fleshy people are when they have to get up at night, and he said the telephone had been ringing for an hour, and he didn't know why somebody else in the blankety-blank house couldn't have heard it. He wouldn't get to sleep until noon.  As he was palpably asleep on his feet, I left him grumbling and went to the telephone. It proved to be Richey, who had found me by the simple expedient of tracing Alison, and he was jubilant.  "You'll have to come back," he said. "Got a railroad schedule there?"  "I don't sleep with one in my pocket," I retorted, "but if you'll hold the line I'll call out the window to Johnson. He's probably got one."'  "Johnson!" I could hear the laugh with which McKnight comprehended the situation. He was still chuckling when I came back.  "Train to Richmond at six-thirty A.M.," I said. "What time is it now?"  "Four. Listen, Lollie. We've got him. Do you hear? Through the woman at Baltimore. Then the other woman, the lady of the restaurant"--he was obviously avoiding names--"she is playing our cards for us. No--I don't know why, and I don't care. But you be at the Incubator to-night at eight o'clock. If you can't shake Johnson, bring him, bless him."  To this day I believe the Sam Forbeses have not recovered from the surprise of my unexpected arrival, my one appearance at dinner in Granger's clothes, and the note on my dresser which informed them the next morning that I had folded my tents like the Arabs and silently stole away. For at half after five Johnson and I, the former as uninquisitive as ever, were on our way through the dust to the station, three miles away, and by four that afternoon we were in Washington. The journey had been uneventful. Johnson relaxed under the influence of my tobacco, and spoke at some length on the latest improvements in gallows, dilating on the absurdity of cutting out the former free passes to see the affair in operation. I remember, too, that he mentioned the curious anomaly that permits a man about to be hanged to eat a hearty meal. I did not enjoy my dinner that night.  Before we got into Washington I had made an arrangement with Johnson to surrender myself at two the following afternoon. Also, I had wired to Alison, asking her if she would carry out the contract she had made. The detective saw me home, and left me there. Mrs. Klopton received me with dignified reserve. The very tone in which she asked me when I would dine told me that something was wrong.  "Now--what is it, Mrs. Klopton?" I demanded finally, when she had informed me, in a patient and long-suffering tone, that she felt worn out and thought she needed a rest.  "When I lived with Mr. Justice Springer," she began acidly, her mending-basket in her hands, "it was an orderly, well-conducted household. You can ask any of the neighbors. Meals were cooked and, what's more, they were eaten; there was none of this 'here one day and gone the next' business."  "Nonsense," I observed. "You're tired, that's all, Mrs. Klopton. And I wish you would go out; I want to bathe."  "That's not all," she said with dignity, from the doorway. "Women coming and going here, women whose shoes I am not fit--I mean, women who are not fit to touch my shoes--coming here as insolent as you please, and asking for you."  "Good heavens!" I exclaimed. "What did you tell them--her, whichever it was?"  "Told her you were sick in a hospital and wouldn't be out for a year!"  she said triumphantly. "And when she said she thought she'd come in and wait for you, I slammed the door on her."  "What time was she here?"  "Late last night. And she had a light-haired man across the street. If she thought I didn't see him, she don't know me." Then she closed the door and left me to my bath and my reflections.  At five minutes before eight I was at the Incubator, where I found Hotchkiss and McKnight. They were bending over a table, on which lay McKnight's total armament--a pair of pistols, an elephant gun and an old cavalry saber.  "Draw up a chair and help yourself to pie," he said, pointing to the arsenal. "This is for the benefit of our friend Hotchkiss here, who says he is a small man and fond of life."  Hotchkiss, who had been trying to get the wrong end of a cartridge into the barrel of one of the revolvers, straightened himself and mopped his face.  "We have desperate people to handle," he said pompously, "and we may need desperate means."  "Hotchkiss is like the small boy whose one ambition was to have people grow ashen and tremble at the mention of his name," McKnight jibed. But they were serious enough, both of them, under it all, and when they had told me what they planned, I was serious, too.  "You're compounding a felony," I remonstrated, when they had explained. "I'm not eager to be locked away, but, by Jove, to offer her the stolen notes in exchange for Sullivan!"  "We haven't got either of them, you know," McKnight remonstrated, "and we won't have, if we don't start. Come along, Fido," to Hotchkiss.  The plan was simplicity itself. According to Hotchkiss, Sullivan was to meet Bronson at Mrs. Conway's apartment, at eight-thirty that night, with the notes. He was to be paid there and the papers destroyed. "But just before that interesting finale," McKnight ended, "we will walk in, take the notes, grab Sullivan, and give the police a jolt that will put them out of the count."  I suppose not one of us, slewing around corners in the machine that night, had the faintest doubt that we were on the right track, or that Fate, scurvy enough before, was playing into our hands at last. Little Hotchkiss was in a state of fever; he alternately twitched and examined the revolver, and a fear that the two movements might be synchronous kept me uneasy. He produced and dilated on the scrap of pillow slip from the wreck, and showed me the stiletto, with its point in cotton batting for safekeeping. And in the intervals he implored Richey not to make such fine calculations at the corners.  We were all grave enough and very quiet, however, when we reached the large building where Mrs. Conway had her apartment. McKnight left the power on, in case we might want to make a quick get-away, and Hotchkiss gave a final look at the revolver. I had no weapon. Somehow it all seemed melodramatic to the verge of farce. In the doorway Hotchkiss was a half dozen feet ahead; Richey fell back beside me. He dropped his affectation of gayety, and I thought he looked tired. "Same old Sam, I suppose?" he asked.  "Same, only more of him."  "I suppose Alison was there? How is she?" he inquired irrelevantly.  "Very well. I did not see her this morning."  Hotchkiss was waiting near the elevator. McKnight put his hand on my arm. "Now, look here, old man," he said, "I've got two arms and a revolver, and you've got one arm and a splint. If Hotchkiss is right, and there is a row, you crawl under a table."  "The deuce I will!" I declared scornfully.  We crowded out of the elevator at the fourth floor, and found ourselves in a rather theatrical hallway of draperies and armor. It was very quiet; we stood uncertainly after the car had gone, and looked at the two or three doors in sight. They were heavy, covered with metal, and sound proof. From somewhere above came the metallic accuracy of a player-piano, and through the open window we could hear--or feel--the throb of the Cannonball's engine.  "Well, Sherlock," McKnight said, "what's the next move in the game? Is it our jump, or theirs? You brought us here."  None of us knew just what to do next. No sound of conversation penetrated the heavy doors. We waited uneasily for some minutes, and Hotchkiss looked at his watch. Then he put it to his ear.  "Good gracious!" he exclaimed, his head cocked on one side, "I believe it has stopped. I'm afraid we are late."  We were late. My watch and Hotchkiss' agreed at nine o clock, and, with the discovery that our man might have come and gone, our zest in the adventure began to flag. McKnight motioned us away from the door and rang the bell. There was no response, no sound within. He rang it twice, the last time long and vigorously, without result. Then he turned and looked at us.  "I don't half like this," he said. "That woman is in; you heard me ask the elevator boy. For two cents I'd--"  I had seen it when he did. The door was ajar about an inch, and a narrow wedge of rose-colored light showed beyond. I pushed the door a little and listened. Then, with both men at my heels, I stepped into the private corridor of the apartment and looked around. It was a square reception hall, with rugs on the floor, a tall mahogany rack for hats, and a couple of chairs. A lantern of rose-colored glass and a desk light over a writing-table across made the room bright and cheerful. It was empty.  None of us was comfortable. The place was full of feminine trifles that made us feel the weakness of our position. Some such instinct made McKnight suggest division.  "We look like an invading army," he said. "If she's here alone, we will startle her into a spasm. One of us could take a look around and--"  "What was that? Didn't you hear something?"  The sound, whatever it had been, was not repeated. We went awkwardly out into the hall, very uncomfortable, all of us, and flipped a coin. The choice fell to me, which was right enough, for the affair was mine, primarily.  "Wait just inside the door," I directed, "and if Sullivan comes, or anybody that answers his description, grab him without ceremony and ask him questions afterwards."  The apartment, save in the hallway, was unlighted. By one of those freaks of arrangement possible only in the modern flat, I found the kitchen first, and was struck a smart and unexpected blow by a swinging door. I carried a handful of matches, and by the time I had passed through a butler's pantry and a refrigerator room I was completely lost in the darkness. Until then the situation had been merely uncomfortable; suddenly it became grisly. From somewhere near came a long-sustained groan, followed almost instantly by the crash of something--glass or china--on the floor.  I struck a fresh match, and found myself in a narrow rear hallway. Behind me was the door by which I must have come; with a keen desire to get back to the place I had started from, I opened the door and attempted to cross the room. I thought I had kept my sense of direction, but I crashed without warning into what, from the resulting jangle, was the dining-table, probably laid for dinner. I cursed my stupidity in getting into such a situation, and I cursed my nerves for making my hand shake when I tried to strike a match. The groan had not been repeated.  I braced myself against the table and struck the match sharply against the sole of my shoe. It flickered faintly and went out. And then, without the slightest warning, another dish went off the table. It fell with a thousand splinterings; the very air seemed broken into crashing waves of sound. I stood still, braced against the table, holding the red end of the dying match, and listened. I had not long to wait; the groan came again, and I recognized it, the cry of a dog in straits. I breathed again.  "Come, old fellow," I said. "Come on, old man. Let's have a look at you."  I could hear the thud of his tail on the floor, but he did not move. He only whimpered. There is something companionable in the presence of a dog, and I fancied this dog in trouble. Slowly I began to work my way around the table toward him.  "Good boy," I said, as he whimpered. "We'll find the light, which ought to be somewhere or other around here, and then--"  I stumbled over something, and I drew back my foot almost instantly. "Did I step on you, old man?" I exclaimed, and bent to pat him. I remember straightening suddenly and hearing the dog pad softly toward me around the table. I recall even that I had put the matches down and could not find them. Then, with a bursting horror of the room and its contents, of the gibbering dark around me, I turned and made for the door by which I had entered.  I could not find it. I felt along the endless wainscoting, past miles of wall. The dog was beside me, I think, but he was part and parcel now, to my excited mind, with the Thing under the table. And when, after aeons of search, I found a knob and stumbled into the reception hall, I was as nearly in a panic as any man could be.  I was myself again in a second, and by the light from the hall I led the way back to the tragedy I had stumbled on. Bronson still sat at the table, his elbows propped on it, his cigarette still lighted, burning a hole in the cloth. Partly under the table lay Mrs. Conway face down. The dog stood over her and wagged his tail.  McKnight pointed silently to a large copper ashtray, filled with ashes and charred bits of paper.  "The notes, probably," he said ruefully. "He got them after all, and burned them before her. It was more than she could stand. Stabbed him first and then herself."  Hotchkiss got up and took off his hat. "They are dead," he announced solemnly, and took his note-book out of his hatband.  McKnight and I did the only thing we could think of--drove Hotchkiss and the dog out of the room, and closed and locked the door. "It's a matter for the police," McKnight asserted. "I suppose you've got an officer tied to you somewhere, Lawrence? You usually have."  We left Hotchkiss in charge and went down-stairs. It was McKnight who first saw Johnson, leaning against a park railing across the street, and called him over. We told him in a few words what we had found, and he grinned at me cheerfully.  "After while, in a few weeks or months, Mr. Blakeley," he said, "when you get tired of monkeying around with the blood-stain and finger-print specialist up-stairs, you come to me. I've had that fellow you want under surveillance for ten days!"       At ten minutes before two the following day, Monday, I arrived at my office. I had spent the morning putting my affairs in shape, and in a trip to the stable. The afternoon would see me either a free man or a prisoner for an indefinite length of time, and, in spite of Johnson's promise to produce Sullivan, I was more prepared for the latter than the former.  Blobs was watching for me outside the door, and it was clear that he was in a state of excitement bordering on delirium. He did nothing, however, save to tip me a wink that meant "As man to man, I'm for you." I was too much engrossed either to reprove him or return the courtesy, but I heard him follow me down the hall to the small room where we keep outgrown lawbooks, typewriter supplies and, incidentally, our wraps. I was wondering vaguely if I would ever hang my hat on its nail again, when the door closed behind me. It shut firmly, without any particular amount of sound, and I was left in the dark. I groped my way to it, irritably, to find it locked on the outside. I shook it frantically, and was rewarded by a sibilant whisper through the keyhole.  "Keep quiet," Blobs was saying huskily. "You're in deadly peril. The police are waiting in your office, three of 'em. I'm goin' to lock the whole bunch in and throw the key out of the window."  "Come back here, you imp of Satan!" I called furiously, but I could hear him speeding down the corridor, and the slam of the outer office door by which he always announced his presence. And so I stood there in that ridiculous cupboard, hot with the heat of a steaming September day, musty with the smell of old leather bindings, littered with broken overshoes and handleless umbrellas. I was apoplectic with rage one minute, and choked with laughter the next. It seemed an hour before Blobs came back.  He came without haste, strutting with new dignity, and paused outside my prison door.  "Well, I guess that will hold them for a while," he remarked comfortably, and proceeded to turn the key. "I've got 'em fastened up like sardines in a can!" he explained, working with the lock. "Gee whiz! you'd ought to hear 'em!" When he got his breath after the shaking I gave him, he began to splutter. "How'd I know?" he demanded sulkily. "You nearly broke your neck gettin' away the other time. And I haven't got the old key. It's lost."  "Where's it lost?" I demanded, with another gesture toward his coat collar.  "Down the elevator shaft." There was a gleam of indignant satisfaction through his tears of rage and humiliation.  And so, while he hunted the key in the debris at the bottom of the shaft, I quieted his prisoners with the assurance that the lock had slipped, and that they would be free as lords as soon as we could find the janitor with a pass-key. Stuart went down finally and discovered Blobs, with the key in his pocket, telling the engineer how he had tried to save me from arrest and failed. When Stuart came up he was almost cheerful, but Blobs did not appear again that day.  Simultaneous with the finding of the key came Hotchkiss, and we went in together. I shook hands with two men who, with Hotchkiss, made a not very animated group. The taller one, an oldish man, lean and hard, announced his errand at once.  "A Pittsburg warrant?" I inquired, unlocking my cigar drawer.  "Yes. Allegheny County has assumed jurisdiction, the exact locality where the crime was committed being in doubt." He seemed to be the spokesman. The other, shorter and rotund, kept an amiable silence. "We hope you will see the wisdom of waiving extradition," he went on. "It will save time."  "I'll come, of course," I agreed. "The sooner the better. But I want you to give me an hour here, gentlemen. I think we can interest you. Have a cigar?"  The lean man took a cigar; the rotund man took three, putting two in his pocket.  "How about the catch of that door?" he inquired jovially. "Any danger of it going off again?" Really, considering the circumstances, they were remarkably cheerful. Hotchkiss, however, was not. He paced the floor uneasily, his hands under his coat-tails. The arrival of McKnight created a diversion; he carried a long package and a corkscrew, and shook hands with the police and opened the bottle with a single gesture.  "I always want something to cheer on these occasions," he said. "Where's the water, Blakeley? Everybody ready?" Then in French he toasted the two detectives.  "To your eternal discomfiture," he said, bowing ceremoniously. "May you go home and never come back! If you take Monsieur Blakeley with you, I hope you choke."  The lean man nodded gravely. "Prosit," he said. But the fat one leaned back and laughed consumedly.  Hotchkiss finished a mental synopsis of his position, and put down his glass. "Gentlemen," he said pompously, "within five minutes the man you want will be here, a murderer caught in a net of evidence so fine that a mosquito could not get through."  The detectives glanced at each other solemnly. Had they not in their possession a sealskin bag containing a wallet and a bit of gold chain, which, by putting the crime on me, would leave a gap big enough for Sullivan himself to crawl through? Afterward he grew almost taciturn, for him, and let me do most of the talking.  We opened the front gate of the Carter place and went slowly up the walk. Two ragged youngsters, alike even to freckles and squints, were playing in the yard.  "Is your mother around?" I asked.  "In the front room. Walk in," they answered in identical tones.  As we got to the porch we heard voices, and stopped. I knocked, but the people within, engaged in animated, rather one-sided conversation, did not answer.  "'In the front room. Walk in,'" quoted McKnight, and did so.  In the stuffy farm parlor two people were sitting. One, a pleasant-faced woman with a checked apron, rose, somewhat embarrassed, to meet us. She did not know me, and I was thankful. But our attention was riveted on a little man who was sitting before a table, writing busily. It was Hotchkiss!  He got up when he saw us, and had the grace to look uncomfortable.  "Such an interesting case," he said nervously, "I took the liberty--"  "Look here," said McKnight suddenly, "did you make any inquiries at the station?"  "A few," he confessed. "I went to the theater last night--I felt the need of a little relaxation--and the sight of a picture there, a cinematograph affair, started a new line of thought. Probably the same clue brought you gentlemen. I learned a good bit from the station agent."  "The son-of-a-gun," said McKnight. "And you paid him, I suppose?"  "I gave him five dollars," was the apologetic answer. Mrs. Carter, hearing sounds of strife in the yard, went out, and Hotchkiss folded up his papers.  "I think the identity of the man is established," he said. "What number of hat do you wear, Mr. Blakeley?"  "Seven and a quarter," I replied.  "Well, it's only piling up evidence," he said cheerfully. "On the night of the murder you wore light gray silk underclothing, with the second button of the shirt missing. Your hat had 'L. B.' in gilt letters inside, and there was a very minute hole in the toe of one black sock."  "Hush," McKnight protested. "If word gets to Mrs. Klopton that Mr. Blakeley was wrecked, or robbed, or whatever it was, with a button missing and a hole in one sock, she'll retire to the Old Ladies' Home. I've heard her threaten it."  Mr. Hotchkiss was without a sense of humor. He regarded McKnight gravely and went on:  "I've been up in the room where the man lay while he was unable to get away, and there is nothing there. But I found what may be a possible clue in the dust heap.  "Mrs. Carter tells me that in unpacking his grip the other day she took out of the coat of the pajamas some pieces of a telegram. As I figure it, the pajamas were his own. He probably had them on when he effected the exchange."  I nodded assent. All I had retained of my own clothing was the suit of pajamas I was wearing and my bath-robe.  "Therefore the telegram was his, not yours. I have pieces here, but some are missing. I am not discouraged, however."  He spread out some bits of yellow paper, and we bent over them curiously. It was something like this:                Man with p-    Get-                               Br-  We spelled it out slowly.  "Now," Hotchkiss announced, "I make it something like this: The 'p.-' is one of two things, pistol--you remember the little pearl-handled affair belonging to the murdered man--or it is pocket-book. I am inclined to the latter view, as the pocket-book had been disturbed and the pistol had not."  I took the piece of paper from the table and scrawled four words on it.  "Now," I said, rearranging them, "it happens, Mr. Hotchkiss, that I found one of these pieces of the telegram on the train. I thought it had been dropped by some one else, you see, but that's immaterial. Arranged this way it almost makes sense. Fill out that 'p.-' with the rest of the word, as I imagine it, and it makes 'papers,' and add this scrap and you have:  "'Man with papers (in) lower ten, car seven. Get (them).'  McKnight slapped Hotchkiss on the back. "You're a trump," he said. "Br- is Bronson, of course. It's almost too easy. You see, Mr. Blakeley here engaged lower ten, but found it occupied by the man who was later murdered there. The man who did the thing was a friend of Bronson's, evidently, and in trying to get the papers we have the motive for the crime."  "There are still some things to be explained." Mr. Hotchkiss wiped his glasses and put them on. "For one thing, Mr. Blakeley, I am puzzled by that bit of chain."  I did not glance at McKnight. I felt that the hand, with which I was gathering up the bits of torn paper were shaking. It seemed to me that this astute little man was going to drag in the girl in spite of me.       Hotchkiss jotted down the bits of telegram and rose.  "Well," he said, "we've done something. We've found where the murderer left the train, we know what day he went to Baltimore, and, most important of all, we have a motive for the crime."  "It seems the irony of fate," said McKnight, getting up, "that a man should kill another man for certain papers he is supposed to be carrying, find he hasn't got them after all, decide to throw suspicion on another man by changing berths and getting out, bag and baggage, and then, by the merest fluke of chance, take with him, in the valise he changed for his own, the very notes he was after. It was a bit of luck for him."  "Then why," put in Hotchkiss doubtfully, "why did he collapse when he heard of the wreck? And what about the telephone message the station agent sent? You remember they tried to countermand it, and with some excitement."  "We will ask him those questions when we get him," McKnight said. We were on the unrailed front porch by that time, and Hotchkiss had put away his notebook. The mother of the twins followed us to the steps.  "Dear me," she exclaimed volubly, "and to think I was forgetting to tell you! I put the young man to bed with a spice poultice on his ankle: my mother always was a firm believer in spice poultices. It's wonderful what they will do in croup! And then I took the children and went down to see the wreck. It was Sunday, and the mister had gone to church; hasn't missed a day since he took the pledge nine years ago. And on the way I met two people, a man and a woman. They looked half dead, so I sent them right here for breakfast and some soap and water. I always say soap is better than liquor after a shock."  Hotchkiss was listening absently: McKnight was whistling under his breath, staring down across the field to where a break in the woods showed a half dozen telegraph poles, the line of the railroad.  "It must have been twelve o'clock when we got back; I wanted the children to see everything, because it isn't likely they'll ever see another wreck like that. Rows of--"  "About twelve o'clock," I broke in, "and what then?"  "The young man up-stairs was awake," she went on, "and hammering at his door like all possessed. And it was locked on the outside!" She paused to enjoy her sensation.  "I would like to see that lock," Hotchkiss said promptly, but for some reason the woman demurred.  "I will bring the key down," she said and disappeared. When she returned she held out an ordinary door key of the cheapest variety.  "We had to break the lock," she volunteered, "and the key didn't turn up for two days. Then one of the twins found the turkey gobbler trying to swallow it. It has been washed since," she hastened to assure Hotchkiss, who showed an inclination to drop it.  "You don't think he locked the door himself and threw the key out of the window?" the little man asked.  "The windows are covered with mosquito netting, nailed on. The mister blamed it on the children, and it might have been Obadiah. He's the quiet kind, and you never know what he's about."  "He's about to strangle, isn't he," McKnight remarked lazily, "or is that Obadiah?"  Mrs. Carter picked the boy up and inverted him, talking amiably all the time. "He's always doing it," she said, giving him a shake. "Whenever we miss anything we look to see if Obadiah's black in the face." She gave him another shake, and the quarter I had given him shot out as if blown from a gun. Then we prepared to go back to the station.  From where I stood I could look into the cheery farm kitchen, where Alison West and I had eaten our al fresco breakfast. I looked at the table with mixed emotions, and then, gradually, the meaning of something on it penetrated my mind. Still in its papers, evidently just opened, was a hat box, and protruding over the edge of the box was a streamer of vivid green ribbon.  On the plea that I wished to ask Mrs. Carter a few more questions, I let the others go on. I watched them down the flagstone walk; saw McKnight stop and examine the gate-posts and saw, too, the quick glance he threw back at the house. Then I turned to Mrs. Carter.  "I would like to speak to the young lady up-stairs," I said.  She threw up her hands with a quick gesture of surrender. "I've done all I could," she exclaimed. "She won't like it very well, but--she's in the room over the parlor."  I went eagerly up the ladder-like stairs, to the rag-carpeted hall. Two doors were open, showing interiors of four poster beds and high bureaus. The door of the room over the parlor was almost closed. I hesitated in the hallway: after all, what right had I to intrude on her? But she settled my difficulty by throwing open the door and facing me.  "I--I beg your pardon, Miss West," I stammered. "It has just occurred to me that I am unpardonably rude. I saw the hat down-stairs and I--I guessed--"  "The hat!" she said. "I might have known. Does Richey know I am here?"  "I don't think so." I turned to go down the stairs again. Then I halted. "The fact is," I said, in an attempt at justification, "I'm in rather a mess these days, and I'm apt to do irresponsible things. It is not impossible that I shall be arrested, in a day or so, for the murder of Simon Harrington."  She drew her breath in sharply. "Murder!" she echoed. "Then they have found you after all!"  "I don't regard it as anything more than--er--inconvenient," I lied. "They can't convict me, you know. Almost all the witnesses are dead."  She was not deceived for a moment. She came over to me and stood, both hands on the rail of the stair. "I know just how grave it is," she said quietly. "My grandfather will not leave one stone unturned, and he can be terrible--terrible. But"--she looked directly into my eyes as I stood below her on the stairs--"the time may come--soon--when I can help you. I'm afraid I shall not want to; I'm a dreadful coward, Mr. Blakeley. But--I will." She tried to smile.  "I wish you would let me help you," I said unsteadily. "Let us make it a bargain: each help the other!"  The girl shook her head with a sad little smile. "I am only as unhappy as I deserve to be," she said. And when I protested and took a step toward her she retreated, with her hands out before her.  "Why don't you ask me all the questions you are thinking?" she demanded, with a catch in her voice. "Oh, I know them. Or are you afraid to ask?"  I looked at her, at the lines around her eyes, at the drawn look about her mouth. Then I held out my hand. "Afraid!" I said, as she gave me hers. "There is nothing in God's green earth I am afraid of, save of trouble for you. To ask questions would be to imply a lack of faith. I ask you nothing. Some day, perhaps, you will come to me yourself and let me help you."  The next moment I was out in the golden sunshine: the birds were singing carols of joy: I walked dizzily through rainbow-colored clouds, past the twins, cherubs now, swinging on the gate. It was a new world into which I stepped from the Carter farm-house that morning, for--I had kissed her!       McKnight and Hotchkiss were sauntering slowly down the road as I caught up with them. As usual, the little man was busy with some abstruse mental problem.  "The idea is this," he was saying, his brows knitted in thought, "if a left-handed man, standing in the position of the man in the picture, should jump from a car, would he be likely to sprain his right ankle? When a right-handed man prepares for a leap of that kind, my theory is that he would hold on with his right hand, and alight at the proper time, on his right foot. Of course--"  "I imagine, although I don't know," interrupted McKnight, "that a man either ambidextrous or one-armed, jumping from the Washington Flier, would be more likely to land on his head."  "Anyhow," I interposed, "what difference does it make whether Sullivan used one hand or the other? One pair of handcuffs will put both hands out of commission."  As usual when one of his pet theories was attacked, Hotchkiss looked aggrieved.  "My dear sir," he expostulated, "don't you understand what bearing this has on the case? How was the murdered man lying when he was found?"  "On his back," I said promptly, "head toward the engine."  "Very well," he retorted, "and what then? Your heart lies under your fifth intercostal space, and to reach it a right-handed blow would have struck either down or directly in.  "But, gentleman, the point of entrance for the stiletto was below the heart, striking up! As Harrington lay with his head toward the engine, a person in the aisle must have used the left hand."  McKnight's eyes sought mine and he winked at me solemnly as I unostentatiously transferred the hat I was carrying to my right hand. Long training has largely counterbalanced heredity in my case, but I still pitch ball, play tennis and carve with my left hand. But Hotchkiss was too busy with his theories to notice me.  We were only just in time for our train back to Baltimore, but McKnight took advantage of a second's delay to shake the station agent warmly by the hand.  "I want to express my admiration for you," he said beamingly. "Ability of your order is thrown away here. You should have been a city policeman, my friend."  The agent looked a trifle uncertain.  "The young lady was the one who told me to keep still," he said.  McKnight glanced at me, gave the agent's hand a final shake, and climbed on board. But I knew perfectly that he had guessed the reason for my delay.  He was very silent on the way home. Hotchkiss, too, had little to say. He was reading over his notes intently, stopping now and then to make a penciled addition. Just before we left the train Richey turned to me. "I suppose it was the key to the door that she tied to the gate?"  "Probably. I did not ask her."  "Curious, her locking that fellow in," he reflected.  "You may depend on it, there was a good reason for it all. And I wish you wouldn't be so suspicious of motives, Rich," I said warmly.  "Only yesterday you were the suspicious one," he retorted, and we lapsed into strained silence.  It was late when we got to Washington. One of Mrs. Klopton's small tyrannies was exacting punctuality at meals, and, like several other things, I respected it. There are always some concessions that should be made in return for faithful service.  So, as my dinner hour of seven was long past, McKnight and I went to a little restaurant down town where they have a very decent way of fixing chicken a la King. Hotchkiss had departed, economically bent, for a small hotel where he lived on the American plan.  "I want to think some things over," he said in response to my invitation to dinner, "and, anyhow, there's no use dining out when I pay the same, dinner or no dinner, where I am stopping."  The day had been hot, and the first floor dining-room was sultry in spite of the palms and fans which attempted to simulate the verdure and breezes of the country.  It was crowded, too, with a typical summer night crowd, and, after sitting for a few minutes in a sweltering corner, we got up and went to the smaller dining-room up-stairs. Here it was not so warm, and we settled ourselves comfortably by a window.  Over in a corner half a dozen boys on their way back to school were ragging a perspiring waiter, a proceeding so exactly to McKnight's taste that he insisted on going over to join them. But their table was full, and somehow that kind of fun had lost its point for me.  Not far from us a very stout, middle-aged man, apoplectic with the heat, was elephantinely jolly for the benefit of a bored-looking girl across the table from him, and at the next table a newspaper woman ate alone, the last edition propped against the water-bottle before her, her hat, for coolness, on the corner of the table. It was a motley Bohemian crowd.  I looked over the room casually, while McKnight ordered the meal. Then my attention was attracted to the table next to ours. Two people were sitting there, so deep in conversation that they did not notice us. The woman's face was hidden under her hat, as she traced the pattern of the cloth mechanically with her fork. But the man's features stood out clear in the light of the candles on the table. It was Bronson!  "He shows the strain, doesn't he?" McKnight said, holding up the wine list as if he read from it. "Who's the woman?"  "Search me," I replied, in the same way.  When the chicken came, I still found myself gazing now and then at the abstracted couple near me. Evidently the subject of conversation was unpleasant. Bronson was eating little, the woman not at all. Finally he got up, pushed his chair back noisily, thrust a bill at the waiter and stalked out.  The woman sat still for a moment; then, with an apparent resolution to make the best of it, she began slowly to eat the meal before her.  But the quarrel had taken away her appetite, for the mixture in our chafing-dish was hardly ready to serve before she pushed her chair back a little and looked around the room.  I caught my first glimpse of her face then, and I confess it startled me. It was the tall, stately woman of the Ontario, the woman I had last seen cowering beside the road, rolling pebbles in her hand, blood streaming from a cut over her eye. I could see the scar now, a little affair, about an inch long, gleaming red through its layers of powder.  And then, quite unexpectedly, she turned and looked directly at me. After a minute's uncertainty, she bowed, letting her eyes rest on mine with a calmly insolent stare. She glanced at McKnight for a moment, then back to me. When she looked away again I breathed easier.  "Who is it?" asked McKnight under his breath.  "Ontario." I formed it with my lips rather than said it. McKnight's eyebrows went up and he looked with increased interest at the black-gowned figure.  I ate little after that. The situation was rather bad for me, I began to see. Here was a woman who could, if she wished, and had any motive for so doing, put me in jail under a capital charge. A word from her to the police, and polite surveillance would become active interference.  Then, too, she could say that she had seen me, just after the wreck, with a young woman from the murdered man's car, and thus probably bring Alison West into the case. "He left her about that time, and she took up with Ladley. I don't think they were ever married."  "What!" I said, jumping to my feet, "and they came to a respectable house like this! There's never been a breath of scandal about this house, Miss Hope, and if this comes out I'm ruined."  "Well, perhaps they were married," she said. "Anyhow, they were always quarreling. And when he wasn't playing, it was worse. She used to come to my hotel, and cry her eyes out."  "I knew you were friends," I said. "Almost the last thing she said to me was about the black and white dress of hers you were to borrow for the piece this week."  "Black and white dress! I borrow one of Jennie Brice's dresses!" exclaimed Miss Hope. "I should think not. I have plenty of my own."  That puzzled me; for she had said it, that was sure. And then I remembered that I had not seen the dress in the room that day, and I went in to look for it. It was gone. I came back and told Miss Hope.  "A black and white dress! Did it have a red collar?" she asked.  "Yes."  "Then I remember it. She wore a small black hat with a red quill with that dress. You might look for the hat."  She followed me back to the room and stood in the doorway while I searched. The hat was gone, too.  "Perhaps, after all, he's telling the truth," she said thoughtfully. "Her fur coat isn't in the closet, is it?"  _It_ was gone. It is strange that, all day, I had never thought of looking over her clothes and seeing what was missing. I hadn't known all she had, of course, but I had seen her all winter in her fur coat and admired it. It was a striped fur, brown and gray, and very unusual. But with the coat missing, and a dress and hat gone, it began to look as if I had been making a fool of myself, and stirring up a tempest in a teacup. Miss Hope was as puzzled as I was.  "Anyhow, if he didn't kill her," she said, "it isn't because he did not want to. Only last week she had hysterics in my dressing-room, and said he had threatened to poison her. It was all Mr. Bronson, the business manager, and I could do to quiet her."  She looked at her watch, and exclaimed that she was late, and would have to hurry. I saw her down to her boat. The river had been falling rapidly for the last hour or two, and I heard the boat scrape as it went over the door-sill. I did not know whether to be glad that the water was going down and I could live like a Christian again, or to be sorry, for fear of what we might find in the mud that was always left.  Peter was lying where I had put him, on a folded blanket laid in a clothes-basket. I went back to him, and sat down beside the basket.  "Peter!" I said. "Poor old Peter! Who did this to you? Who hurt you?" He looked at me and whined, as if he wanted to tell me, if only he could.  "Was it Mr. Ladley?" I asked, and the poor thing cowered close to his bed and shivered. I wondered if it had been he, and, if it had, why he had come back. Perhaps he had remembered the towel. Perhaps he would come again and spend the night there. I was like Peter: I cowered and shivered at the very thought.  At nine o'clock I heard a boat at the door. It had stuck there, and its occupant was scolding furiously at the boatman. Soon after I heard splashing, and I knew that whoever it was was wading back to the stairs through the foot and a half or so of water still in the hall. I ran back to my room and locked myself in, and then stood, armed with the stove-lid-lifter, in case it should be Ladley and he should break the door in.  The steps came up the stairs, and Peter barked furiously. It seemed to me that this was to be my end, killed like a rat in a trap and thrown out the window, to float, like my kitchen chair, into Mollie Maguire's kitchen, or to be found lying in the ooze of the yard after the river had gone down.  The steps hesitated at the top of the stairs, and turned back along the hall. Peter redoubled his noise; he never barked for Mr. Reynolds or the Ladleys. I stood still, hardly able to breathe. The door was thin, and the lock loose: one good blow, and--  The door-knob turned, and I screamed. I recall that the light turned black, and that is all I _do_ remember, until I came to, a half-hour later, and saw Mr. Holcombe stooping over me. The door, with the lock broken, was standing open. I tried to move, and then I saw that my feet were propped up on the edge of Peter's basket.  "Better leave them up." Mr. Holcombe said. "It sends the blood back to the head. Half the damfool people in the world stick a pillow under a fainting woman's shoulders. How are you now?"  "All right," I said feebly. "I thought you were Mr. Ladley."  He helped me up, and I sat in a chair and tried to keep my lips from shaking. And then I saw that Mr. Holcombe had brought a suit case with him, and had set it inside the door.  "Ladley is safe, until he gets bail, anyhow," he said. "They picked him up as he was boarding a Pennsylvania train bound east."  "For murder?" I asked.  "As a suspicious character," he replied grimly. "That does as well as anything for a time." He sat down opposite me, and looked at me intently.  "Mrs. Pitman," he said, "did you ever hear the story of the horse that wandered out of a village and could not be found?"  I shook my head.  "Well, the best wit of the village failed to locate the horse. But one day the village idiot walked into town, leading the missing animal by the bridle. When they asked him how he had done it, he said: 'Well, I just thought what I'd do if I was a horse, and then I went and did it.'"  "I see," I said, humoring him.  "You _don't_ see. Now, what are we trying to do?"  "We're trying to find a body. Do you intend to become a corpse?"  He leaned over and tapped on the table between us. "We are trying to prove a crime. I intend for the time to be the criminal."  He looked so curious, bent forward and glaring at me from under his bushy eyebrows, with his shoes on his knee--for he had taken them off to wade to the stairs--and his trousers rolled to his knees, that I wondered if he was entirely sane. But Mr. Holcombe, eccentric as he might be, was sane enough.  "Not _really_ a criminal!"  "As really as lies in me. Listen, Mrs. Pitman. I want to put myself in Ladley's place for a day or two, live as he lived, do what he did, even think as he thought, if I can. I am going to sleep in his room to-night, with your permission."  I could not see any reason for objecting, although I thought it silly and useless. I led the way to the front room, Mr. Holcombe following with his shoes and suit case. I lighted a lamp, and he stood looking around him.  "I see you have been here since we left this afternoon," he said.  "Twice," I replied. "First with Mr. Graves, and later--"  The words died on my tongue. Some one had been in the room since my last visit there.  "He has been here!" I gasped. "I left the room in tolerable order. Look at it!"  "When were you here last?"  "At seven-thirty, or thereabouts."  "Where were you between seven-thirty and eight-thirty?"  "In the kitchen with Peter." I told him then about the dog, and about finding him shut in the room.  The wash-stand was pulled out. The sheets of Mr. Ladley's manuscript, usually an orderly pile, were half on the floor. The bed coverings had been jerked off and flung over the back of a chair.  Peter, imprisoned, _might_ have moved the wash-stand and upset the manuscript--Peter had never put the bed-clothing over the chair, or broken his own leg.  "Humph!" he said, and getting out his note-book, he made an exact memorandum of what I had told him, and of the condition of the room. That done, he turned to me.  "Mrs. Pitman," he said, "I'll thank you to call me Mr. Ladley for the next day or so. I am an actor out of employment, forty-one years of age, short, stout, and bald, married to a woman I would like to be quit of, and I am writing myself a play in which the Shuberts intend to star me, or in which I intend the Shuberts to star me."  "Very well, Mr. Ladley," I said, trying to enter into the spirit of the thing, and, God knows, seeing no humor in it. "Then you'll like your soda from the ice-box?"  "Soda? For what?"  "For your whisky and soda, before you go to bed, sir."  "Oh, certainly, yes. Bring the soda. And--just a moment, Mrs. Pitman: Mr. Holcombe is a total abstainer, and has always been so. It is Ladley, not Holcombe, who takes this abominable stuff."  I said I quite understood, but that Mr. Ladley could skip a night, if he so wished. But the little gentleman would not hear to it, and when I brought the soda, poured himself a double portion. He stood looking at it, with his face screwed up, as if the very odor revolted him.  "The chances are," he said, "that Ladley--that I--having a nasty piece of work to do during the night, would--will take a larger drink than usual." He raised the glass, only to put it down. "Don't forget," he said, "to put a large knife where you left the one last night. I'm sorry the water has gone down, but I shall imagine it still at the seventh step. Good night, Mrs. Pitman."  "Good night, Mr. Ladley," I said, smiling, "and remember, you are three weeks in arrears with your board."  His eyes twinkled through his spectacles. "I shall imagine it paid," he said.  I went out, and I heard him close the door behind me. Then, through the door, I heard a great sputtering and coughing, and I knew he had got the whisky down somehow. I put the knife out, as he had asked me to, and went to bed. I was ready to drop. Not even the knowledge that an imaginary Mr. Ladley was about to commit an imaginary crime in the house that night could keep me awake.  Mr. Reynolds came in at eleven o'clock. I was roused when he banged his door. That was all I knew until morning. The sun on my face wakened me. Peter, in his basket, lifted his head as I moved, and thumped his tail against his pillow in greeting. I put on a wrapper, and called Mr. Reynolds by knocking at his door. Then I went on to the front room. The door was closed, and some one beyond was groaning. My heart stood still, and then raced on. I opened the door and looked in.  Mr. Holcombe was on the bed, fully dressed. He had a wet towel tied around his head, and his face looked swollen and puffy. He opened one eye and looked at me.  "What a night!" he groaned.  "What happened! What did you find?"  He groaned again. "Find!" he said. "Nothing, except that there was something wrong with that whisky. It poisoned me. I haven't been out of the house!"  So for that day, at least, Mr. Ladley became Mr. Holcombe again, and as such accepted ice in quantities, a mustard plaster over his stomach, and considerable nursing. By evening he was better, but although he clearly intended to stay on, he said nothing about changing his identity again, and I was glad enough. The very name of Ladley was horrible to me.  The river went down almost entirely that day, although there was still considerable water in the cellars. It takes time to get rid of that. The lower floors showed nothing suspicious. The papers were ruined, of course, the doors warped and sprung, and the floors coated with mud and debris. Terry came in the afternoon, and together we hung the dining-room rug out to dry in the sun.  As I was coming in, I looked over at the Maguire yard. Molly Maguire was there, and all her children around her, gaping. Molly was hanging out to dry a sodden fur coat, that had once been striped, brown and gray.  I went over after breakfast and claimed the coat as belonging to Mrs. Ladley. But she refused to give it up. There is a sort of unwritten law concerning the salvage of flood articles, and I had to leave the coat, as I had my kitchen chair. But it was Mrs. Ladley's, beyond a doubt.  I shuddered when I thought how it had probably got into the water. And yet it was curious, too, for if she had had it on, how did it get loose to go floating around Molly Maguire's yard? And if she had not worn it, how did it get in the water?      The newspapers were full of the Ladley case, with its curious solution and many surprises. It was considered unique in many ways. Mr. Pitman had always read all the murder trials, and used to talk about the _corpus delicti_ and writs of _habeas corpus_--_corpus_ being the legal way, I believe, of spelling corpse. But I came out of the Ladley trial--for it came to trial ultimately--with only one point of law that I was sure of: that was, that it is mighty hard to prove a man a murderer unless you can show what he killed.  And that was the weakness in the Ladley case. There was a body, but it could not be identified.  The police held Mr. Ladley for a day or two, and then, nothing appearing, they let him go. Mr. Holcombe, who was still occupying the second floor front, almost wept with rage and despair when he read the news in the papers. He was still working on the case, in his curious way, wandering along the wharves at night, and writing letters all over the country to learn about Philip Ladley's previous life, and his wife's. But he did not seem to get anywhere.  The newspapers had been full of the Jennie Brice disappearance. For disappearance it proved to be. So far as could be learned, she had not left the city that night, or since, and as she was a striking-looking woman, very blond, as I have said, with a full voice and a languid manner, she could hardly have taken refuge anywhere without being discovered. The morning after her disappearance a young woman, tall like Jennie Brice and fair, had been seen in the Union Station. But as she was accompanied by a young man, who bought her magazines and papers, and bade her an excited farewell, sending his love to various members of a family, and promising to feed the canary, this was not seriously considered. A sort of general alarm went over the country. When she was younger she had been pretty well known at the Broadway theaters in New York. One way or another, the Liberty Theater got a lot of free advertising from the case, and I believe Miss Hope's salary was raised.  The police communicated with Jennie Brice's people--she had a sister in Olean, New York, but she had not heard from her. The sister wrote--I heard later--that Jennie had been unhappy with Philip Ladley, and afraid he would kill her. And Miss Hope told the same story. But--there was no _corpus_, as the lawyers say, and finally the police had to free Mr. Ladley.  Beyond making an attempt to get bail, and failing, he had done nothing. Asked about his wife, he merely shrugged his shoulders and said she had left him, and would turn up all right. He was unconcerned: smoked cigarettes all day, ate and slept well, and looked better since he had had nothing to drink. And two or three days after the arrest, he sent for the manuscript of his play.  Mr. Howell came for it on the Thursday of that week.  I was on my knees scrubbing the parlor floor, when he rang the bell. I let him in, and it seemed to me that he looked tired and pale.  "Well, Mrs. Pitman," he said, smiling, "what did you find in the cellar when the water went down?"  "I'm glad to say that I didn't find what I feared, Mr. Howell."  "Not even the onyx clock?"  "Not even the clock," I replied. "And I feel as if I'd lost a friend. A clock is a lot of company."  "Do you know what I think?" he said, looking at me closely. "I think you put that clock away yourself, in the excitement, and have forgotten all about it."  "Nonsense."  "Think hard." He was very much in earnest. "You knew the water was rising and the Ladleys would have to be moved up to the second floor front, where the clock stood. You went in there and looked around to see if the room was ready, and you saw the clock. And knowing that the Ladleys quarreled now and then, and were apt to throw things--"  "Nothing but a soap-dish, and that only once."  "--you took the clock to the attic and put it, say, in an old trunk."  "I did nothing of the sort. I went in, as you say, and I put up an old splasher, because of the way he throws ink about. Then I wound the clock, put the key under it, and went out."  "And the key is gone, too!" he said thoughtfully. "I wish I could find that clock, Mrs. Pitman."  "So do I."  "Ladley went out Sunday afternoon about three, didn't he--and got back at five?"  I turned and looked at him. "Yes, Mr. Howell," I said. "Perhaps _you_ know something about that."  "I?" He changed color. Twenty years of dunning boarders has made me pretty sharp at reading faces, and he looked as uncomfortable as if he owed me money. "I!" I knew then that I had been right about the voice. It had been his.  "You!" I retorted. "You were here Sunday morning and spent some time with the Ladleys. I am the old she-devil. I notice you didn't tell your friend, Mr. Holcombe, about having been here on Sunday."  He was quick to recover. "I'll tell you all about it, Mrs. Pitman," he said smilingly. "You see, all my life, I have wished for an onyx clock. It has been my ambition, my _Great Desire_. Leaving the house that Sunday morning, and hearing the ticking of the clock up-stairs, I recognized that it was an _onyx_ clock, clambered from my boat through an upper window, and so reached it. The clock showed fight, but after stunning it with a chair--"  "Exactly!" I said. "Then the thing Mrs. Ladley said she would not do was probably to wind the clock?"  He dropped his bantering manner at once. "Mrs. Pitman," he said, "I don't know what you heard or did not hear. But I want you to give me a little time before you tell anybody that I was here that Sunday morning. And, in return, I'll find your clock."  I hesitated, but however put out he was, he didn't look like a criminal. Besides, he was a friend of my niece's, and blood is thicker even than flood-water.  "There was nothing wrong about my being here," he went on, "but--I don't want it known. Don't spoil a good story, Mrs. Pitman."  I did not quite understand that, although those who followed the trial carefully may do so. Poor Mr. Howell! I am sure he believed that it was only a good story. He got the description of my onyx clock and wrote it down, and I gave him the manuscript for Mr. Ladley. That was the last I saw of him for some time. I heard nothing from Elsa Lee, and I missed McWhirter, who had got his hospital appointment, and who wrote me cheering letters on pages torn from order-books or on prescription-blanks.  He was in Boston.  He got leave of absence for the trial, and, as I explained, the following notes are his, not mine.  The case was tried in the United States Court, before Circuit Judge Willard and District Judge McDowell. The United States was represented by a district attorney and two assistant attorneys.  Singleton had retained a lawyer named Goldstein, a clever young Jew.  I was called first, as having found the bodies.  "Your name?"  "Ralph Leslie."  "Your age?"  "Twenty-four."  "When and where were you born?"  "November 18, 1887, in Columbus, Ohio."  "When did you ship on the yacht Ella?"  "On July 27."  "When did she sail?"  "July 28."  "Are you a sailor by occupation?"  "No; I am a graduate of a medical college."  "What were your duties on the ship?"  "They were not well defined.  I had been ill and was not strong. I was a sort of deck steward, I suppose.  I also served a few meals in the cabin of the after house, when the butler was incapacitated."  "Where were you quartered?"  "In the forecastle, with the crew, until a day or so before the murders.  Then I moved into the after house, and slept in a storeroom there."  "Why did you make the change?"  "Mrs. Johns, a guest, asked me to do so.  She said she was nervous."  "Who slept in the after house?"  "Mr. and Mrs. Turner, Miss Lee, Mrs. Johns, and Mr. Vail.  The stewardess, Mrs. Sloane, and Karen Hansen, a maid, also slept there; but their room opened from the chartroom."  A diagram of the after house was here submitted to the jury.  For the benefit of the reader, I reproduce it roughly.  I have made no attempt to do more than to indicate the relative positions of rooms and companionways.                                  _____                        Forward |_____|Compartment     ___________________________|_____|______________________________     \ bath  \                  |_____|                    /        /      \___ ___\                 |_____|                   /Turner's/   Mrs.\       \                                         /room_ __/  John's\                                               /____/   /   room  \       \             Main  Cabin             /    /   /          \___ ___\                                   /    /_ _/bath     Mrs.  \       \                                 / Vail's /room   Turner's \___    \                               /________/      room   \  \                                  /  ______/linen              \  \____\                           /__/store/         bath  \  \    \                         /__ room /                \  \    \                       /___/____/                 \__\                          /general /          Miss    \       \                   /supplies/            Lee's  \       \                 /________/              room  \_______\______    _____/________/butler's                     \_maid's\  Chart Room          / pantry                      \\ room    used as library   /                bunk---\\ ___  \ and lounge____   /                        \_\__\__\_________|____|_/                           bunk    (wheel)|____|   "State what happened on the night of August 11 and early morning of August 12."  "I slept in the storeroom in the after house.  As it was very hot, I always left the door open.  The storeroom itself was a small room, lined with shelves, and reached by a passageway.  The door was at the end of the passage.  I wakened because of the heat, and found the door locked on the outside.  I lit a match, and found I could unscrew the lock with my knife.  I thought I had been locked in as a joke by the crew.  While I was kneeling, some one passed outside the door."  "How did you know that?"  "I felt a board rise under my knee as if the other end had been trod on.  Shortly after, a woman screamed, and I burst open the door."  "How long after you felt the board rise?"  "Perhaps a minute, possibly two."  "Go on."  "Just after, the ship's bell struck six--three o'clock.  The main cabin was dark.  There was a light in the chart-room, from the binnacle light.  I felt my way to Mr. Vail's room.  I heard him breathing.  His door was open.  I struck a match and looked at him. He had stopped breathing."  "What was the state of his bunk?"  "Disordered--horrible.  He was almost hacked to pieces."  "Go on."  "I ran back and got my revolver.  I thought there had been a mutiny-"  "Confine yourself to what you saw and did.  The court is not interested in what you thought."  "I am only trying to explain what I did.  I ran back to the storeroom and got my revolver, and ran back through the chart-room to the after companion, which had a hood.  I thought that if any one was lying in ambush, the hood would protect me until I could get to the deck.  I told the helmsman what had happened, and ran forward.  Mr. Singleton was on the forecastle-head.  We went below together, and found the captain lying at the foot of the forward companion, also dead."  "At this time, had you called the owner of the ship?"  "No.  I called him then.  But I could not rouse him."  "Explain what you mean by that."  "He had been drinking."  There followed a furious wrangle over this point; but the prosecuting attorney succeeded in having question and answer stand.  "What did you do next?"  "The mate had called the crew.  I wakened Mrs. Turner, Miss Lee, and Mrs. Johns, and then went to the chart-room to call the women there. The door was open an inch or so.  I received no answer to my knock, and pulled it open.  Karen Hansen, the maid, was dead on the floor, and the stewardess was in her bunk, in a state of collapse."  "State where you found the axe with which the crimes were committed."  "It was found in the stewardess's bunk."  "Where is this axe now?"  "It was stolen from the captain's cabin, where it was locked for safe keeping, and presumably thrown overboard.  At least, we didn't find it."  "I see you are consulting a book to refresh your memory.  What is this book?"  "The ship's log."  "How does it happen to be in your possession?"  "The crew appointed me captain.  As such, I kept the log-book.  It contains a full account of the discovery of the bodies, witnessed by all the men."  "Is it in your writing?"  "Yes; it is in my writing."  "You read it to the men, and they signed it?"  "No; they read it themselves before they signed it."  After a wrangle as to my having authority to make a record in the log-book, the prosecuting attorney succeeded in having the book admitted as evidence, and read to the jury the entry of August 13.  Having thus proved the crimes, I was excused, to be recalled later. The defense reserving its cross-examination, the doctor from the quarantine station was called next, and testified to the manner of death.  His testimony was revolting, and bears in no way on the story, save in one particular--a curious uniformity in the mutilation of the bodies of Vail and Captain Richardson--a sinister similarity that was infinitely shocking.  In each case the forehead, the two arms, and the abdomen had received a frightful blow.  In the case of the Danish girl there was only one wound--the injury on the head.      HENRIETTA SLOANE was called next.  "Your name?"  "Henrietta Sloane."  "Are you married?"  "A widow."  "When and where were you born?"  "Isle of Man, December 11 1872."  "How long have you lived in the United States?"  "Since I was two."  "Your position on the yacht Ella?"  "Stewardess."  "Before that?"  "On the Baltic, between Liverpool and New York.  That was how I met Mrs. Turner."  "Where was your room on the yacht Ella?"  "Off the chartroom."  "Will you indicate it on this diagram?"  "It was there." (Pointing.)  The diagram was shown to the jury.  "There are two bunks in this room.  Which was yours?"  "The one at the side--the one opposite the door was Karen's."  "Tell what happened on the night of August 11 and morning of the 12th."  "I went to bed early.  Karen Hansen had not come down by midnight. When I opened the door, I saw why.  Mr. Turner and Mr. Singleton were there, drinking."  The defense objected to this but was overruled by the court.  "Mr. Vail was trying to persuade the mate to go on deck, before the captain came down."  "Did they go?"  "No."  "What comment did Mr. Singleton make?"  "He said he hoped the captain would come.  He wanted a chance to get at him."  "What happened after that?"  "The captain came down and ordered the mate on deck.  Mr. Vail and the captain got Mr. Turner to his room."  "How do you know that?"  "I opened my door."  "What then?"  "Karen came down at 12.30.  We went to bed.  At ten minutes to three the bell rang for Karen.  She got up and put on a wrapper and slippers. She was grumbling and I told her to put out the light and let me sleep. As she opened the door she screamed and fell back on the floor. Something struck me on the shoulder, and I fainted.  I learned later it was the axe."  "Did you hear any sound outside, before you opened the door?"  "A curious chopping sound.  I spoke of it to her.  It came from the chart-room."  "When the girl fell back into the room, did you see any one beyond her?"  "I saw something--I couldn't say just what."  "Was what you saw a figure?"  "I--I am not certain.  It was light--almost white." "Can you not describe it?"  "I am afraid not--except that it seemed white."  "How tall was it?"  "I couldn't say."  "As tall as the girl?"  "Just about, perhaps."  "Think of something that it resembled.  This is important, Mrs. Sloane. You must make an effort."  "I think it looked most like a fountain."  Even the jury laughed at this, and yet, after all, Mrs. Sloane was right--or nearly so!  "That is curious.  How did it resemble a fountain?"  "Perhaps I should have said a fountain in moonlight white, and misty, and--and flowing."  "And yet, this curious-shaped object threw the axe at you, didn't it?"  There was an objection to the form of this question, but the court overruled it.  "I did not say it threw the axe.  I did not see it thrown.  I felt it."  "Did you know the first mate, Singleton, before you met on the Ella?"  "Yes, sir."  "Where?"  "We were on the same vessel two years ago, the American, for Bermuda."  "Were you friends?"  "Yes"--very low.  "Were you engaged to marry him at one time?"  "Yes."  "Why did you break it off?"  "We differed about a good many things."  After a long battle, the prosecuting attorney was allowed to show that, following the breaking off of her relations with Singleton, she had been a witness against him in an assault-and-battery case, and had testified to his violence of temper.  The dispute took so long that there was only time for her cross-examination.  The effect of the evidence, so far, was distinctly bad for Singleton.  His attorney, a young and intelligent Jew, cross-examined Mrs. Sloane.  Attorney for the defense: "Did you ever write a letter to the defendant, Mrs. Sloane, threatening him if he did not marry you?"  "I do not recall such a letter."  "Is this letter in your writing?"  "I think so.  Yes."  "Mrs. Sloane, you testify that you opened your door and saw Mr. Vail and the captain taking Mr. Turner to his room.  Is this correct?"  "Yes."  "Why did they take him? I mean, was he not able, apparently, to walk alone?"  "He was able to walk.  They walked beside him."  "In your testimony, taken at the time and entered in the ship's log, you say you 'judged by the sounds.'  Here you say you 'opened the door and saw them.' Which is correct?"  "I saw them."  "You say that Mr. Singleton said he wished to 'get at' the captain. Are those his exact words?"  "I do not recall his exact words."  "Perhaps I can refresh your mind.  With the permission of the court, I shall read from the ship's log this woman's statement, recorded by the man who was in charge of the vessel, and therefore competent to make such record, and signed by the witness as having been read and approved by her:--  "'Mr. Singleton said that he hoped the captain would come, as he and Mr. Turner only wanted a chance to get at him....  There was a sound outside, and Karen thought it was Mr. Turner falling over something, and said that she hoped she would not meet him.  Once or twice, when he had been drinking, he had made overtures to her, and she detested him....  She opened the door and came back into the room, touching me on the arm.  "That beast is out there," she said, "sitting on the companion steps.  If he tries to stop me, I'll call you."'"  The reading made a profound impression.  The prosecution, having succeeded in having the log admitted as evidence, had put a trump card in the hands of the defense.  "What were the relations between Mr. Turner and the captain?"  "I don't know what you mean."  "Were they friendly?"  "No--not very."  "Did you overhear, on the night of August 9, a conversation between Mr. Turner and Mr. Vail?"  "Yes."  "What was its nature?"  "They were quarreling."  "What did Williams, the butler, give you to hide, that night?"  "Mr. Turner's revolver."  "What did he say when he gave it to you?"  "He--said to throw it overboard or there would be trouble."  "Mrs. Sloane, do you recognize these two garments?"  He held up a man's dinner shirt and a white waistcoat.  The stewardess, who had been calm enough, started and paled.  "I cannot tell without examining them." (They were given to her, and she looked at them.) "Yes, I have seen them."  "What are they?"  "A shirt and waistcoat of Mr. Turner's."  "When did you see them last?"  "I packed them in my trunk when we left the boat.  They had been forgotten when the other trunks were packed."  "Had you washed them?"  "No."  "Were they washed on shipboard?"  "They look like it.  They have not been ironed."  "Who gave them to you to pack in your trunk?"  "Mrs. Johns."  "What did you do with them on reaching New York?"  "I left them in my trunk."  "Why did you not return them to Mr. Turner?"  "I was ill, and forgot.  I'd like to know what right you have going through a person's things--and taking what you want!"  The stewardess was excused, the defense having scored perceptibly. It was clear what line the young Jew intended to follow.  Oleson, the Swede, was called next, and after the usual formalities:--  "Where were you between midnight and 4 A.M. on the morning of August 12?"  "In the crow's-nest of the Ella."  "State what you saw between midnight and one o'clock."  "I saw Mate Singleton walking on the forecastle-head.  Every now and then he went to the rail.  He seemed to be vomiting.  It was too dark to see much.  Then he went aft along the port side of the house, and came forward again on the starboard side.  He went to where the axe was kept."  "Where was that?"  "Near the starboard corner of the forward house.  All the Turner boats have an emergency box, with an axe and other tools, in easy reach.  The officer on watch carried the key."  "Could you see what he was doing?"  "No; but he was fumbling at the box.  I heard him."  "Where did he go after that?"  "He went aft."  "You could not see him?"  "I didn't look.  I thought I saw something white moving below me, and I was watching it."  "This white thing--what did it look like?"  "Like a dog, I should say. It moved about, and then disappeared."  "How?"  "I don't understand."  "Over the rail?"  "Oh--no, sir.  It faded away."  "Had you ever heard talk among the men of the Ella being a haunted ship?"  "Yes--but not until after I'd signed on her!"  "Was there some talk of this 'white thing'?"  "Yes."  "Before the murders?"  "No, sir; not till after.  I guess I saw it first."  "What did the men say about it?"  "They thought it scared Mr. Schwartz overboard.  The Ella's been unlucky as to crews.  They call her a 'devil ship.'"  "Did you see Mr. Singleton on deck between two and three o'clock?"  "No, sir."  The cross-examination was very short:--  "What sort of night was it?"  "Very dark."  "Would the first mate, as officer on watch, be supposed to see that the emergency case you speak of was in order?"  "Yes, sir."  "Did the officer on watch remain on the forecastle-head?"  "Mr. Schwartz did not; Mr. Singleton did, mostly except when he went back to strike the bells."  "Could Mr. Singleton have been on deck without you seeing him?"  "Yes, if he did not move around or smoke.  I could see his pipe lighted."  "Did you see his pipe that night?"  "No, sir."  "If you were sick, would you be likely to smoke?"  This question, I believe, was ruled out.  "In case the wheel of the vessel were lashed for a short time, what would happen?"  "Depends on the weather.  She'd be likely to come to or fall off considerable."  "Would the lookout know it?"  "Yes, sir."  "How?"  "The sails would show it, sir."  That closed the proceedings for the day.  The crowd seemed reluctant to disperse.  Turner's lawyers were in troubled consultation with him. Singleton was markedly more cheerful, and I thought the prosecution looked perturbed and uneasy.  I went back to jail that night, and dreamed of Elsa--not as I had seen her that day, bending forward, watching every point of the evidence, but as I had seen her so often on the yacht, facing into the salt breeze as if she loved it, her hands in the pockets of her short white jacket, her hair blowing back from her forehead in damp, close-curling rings.      Charlie Jones was called first, on the second day of the trial.  He gave his place of birth as Pennsylvania, and his present shore address as a Sailors' Christian Home in New York.  He offered, without solicitation, the information that he had been twenty-eight years in the Turner service, and could have been "up at the top," but preferred the forecastle, so that he could be an influence to the men.  His rolling gait, twinkling blue eyes, and huge mustache, as well as the plug of tobacco which he sliced with a huge knife, put the crowd in good humor, and relieved somewhat the somberness of the proceedings.  "Where were you between midnight and 4 A.M. on the morning of August 12?"  "At the wheel."  "You did not leave the wheel during that time?"  "Yes, sir."  "When was that?"  "After they found the captain's body.  I went to the forward companion and looked down."  "Is a helmsman permitted to leave his post?"  "With the captain lying dead down in a pool of blood, I should think-"  "Never mind thinking.  Is he?"  "No."  "What did you do with the wheel when you left it?"  "Lashed it.  There are two rope-ends, with loops, to lash it with. When I was on the Sarah Winters--"  "Stick to the question.  Did you see the mate, Mr. Singleton, during your watch?"  "Every half-hour from 12.30 to 1.30.  He struck the bells.  After that he said he was sick.  He thought he'd been poisoned.  He said he was going forward to lie down, and for me to strike them."  "Who struck the bell at three o'clock?"  "I did, sir."  "When did you hear a woman scream?"  "Just before that."  "What did you do?"  "Nothing.  It was the Hansen woman.  I didn't like her.  She was a bad woman.  When I told her what she was, she laughed."  "Were you ever below in the after house?"  "No, sir; not since the boat was fixed up."  "What could you see through the window beside the wheel?"  "It looked into the chart-room.  If the light was on, I could see all but the floor."  "Between the hours of 1 a.m. and 3 a.m., did any one leave or enter the after house by the after companion?"  "Yes, sir.  Mr. Singleton went down into the chart-room, and came back again in five or ten minutes."  "At what time?"  "At four bells--two o'clock."  "No one else?"  "No, sir; but I saw Mr. Turner--"  "Confine yourself to the question.  What was Mr. Singleton's manner at the time you mention?"  "He was excited.  He brought up a bottle of whiskey from the chart-room table, and drank what was left in it.  Then he muttered something, and threw the empty bottle over the rail.  He said he was still sick."  The cross-examination confined itself to one detail of Charlie Jones's testimony.  "Did you, between midnight and 3 A.M., see any one in the chart-room besides the mate?"  "Yes--Mr. Turner."  "You say you cannot see into the chart-room from the wheel at night. How did you see him?"  "He turned on the light.  He seemed to be looking for something."  "Was he dressed?"  "Yes, sir."  "Can you describe what he wore?"  "Yes, sir.  His coat was off.  He had a white shirt and a white vest."  "Were the shirt and vest similar to these I show you?" But I had got my toe in the crack.  "I'll have to have the piano moved, Mr. Ladley," I said. "You'd better put off what you are doing."  I thought he was probably writing. He spent most of the day writing, using the wash-stand as a desk, and it kept me busy with oxalic acid taking ink-spots out of the splasher and the towels. He was writing a play, and talked a lot about the Shuberts having promised to star him in it when it was finished.  "Hell!" he said, and turning, spoke to somebody in the room.  "We can go into the back room," I heard him say, and he closed the door. When he opened it again, the room was empty. I called in Terry, the Irishman who does odd jobs for me now and then, and we both got to work at the tacks in the carpet, Terry working by the window, and I by the door into the back parlor, which the Ladleys used as a bedroom.  That was how I happened to hear what I afterward told the police.  Some one--a man, but not Mr. Ladley--was talking. Mrs. Ladley broke in: "I won't do it!" she said flatly. "Why should I help him? He doesn't help me. He loafs here all day, smoking and sleeping, and sits up all night, drinking and keeping me awake."  The voice went on again, as if in reply to this, and I heard a rattle of glasses, as if they were pouring drinks. They always had whisky, even when they were behind with their board.  "That's all very well," Mrs. Ladley said. I could always hear her, she having a theatrical sort of voice--one that carries. "But what about the prying she-devil that runs the house?"  "Hush, for God's sake!" broke in Mr. Ladley, and after that they spoke in whispers. Even with my ear against the panel, I could not catch a word.  The men came just then to move the piano, and by the time we had taken it and the furniture up-stairs, the water was over the kitchen floor, and creeping forward into the hall. I had never seen the river come up so fast. By noon the yard was full of floating ice, and at three that afternoon the police skiff was on the front street, and I was wading around in rubber boots, taking the pictures off the walls.  I was too busy to see who the Ladleys' visitor was, and he had gone when I remembered him again. The Ladleys took the second-story front, which was empty, and Mr. Reynolds, who was in the silk department in a store across the river, had the room just behind.  I put up a coal stove in a back room next the bathroom, and managed to cook the dinner there. I was washing up the dishes when Mr. Reynolds came in. As it was Sunday, he was in his slippers and had the colored supplement of a morning paper in his hand.  "What's the matter with the Ladleys?" he asked. "I can't read for their quarreling."  "Booze, probably," I said. "When you've lived in the flood district as long as I have, Mr. Reynolds, you'll know that the rising of the river is a signal for every man in the vicinity to stop work and get full. The fuller the river, the fuller the male population."  "Then this flood will likely make 'em drink themselves to death!" he said. "It's a lulu."  "It's the neighborhood's annual debauch. The women are busy keeping the babies from getting drowned in the cellars, or they'd get full, too. I hope, since it's come this far, it will come farther, so the landlord will have to paper the parlor."  That was at three o'clock. At four Mr. Ladley went down the stairs, and I heard him getting into a skiff in the lower hall. There were boats going back and forth all the time, carrying crowds of curious people, and taking the flood sufferers to the corner grocery, where they were lowering groceries in a basket on a rope from an upper window.  I had been making tea when I heard Mr. Ladley go out. I fixed a tray with a cup of it and some crackers, and took it to their door. I had never liked Mrs. Ladley, but it was chilly in the house with the gas shut off and the lower floor full of ice-water. And it is hard enough to keep boarders in the flood district.  She did not answer to my knock, so I opened the door and went in. She was at the window, looking after him, and the brown valise, that figured in the case later, was opened on the floor. Over the foot of the bed was the black and white dress, with the red collar.  When I spoke to her, she turned around quickly. She was a tall woman, about twenty-eight, with very white teeth and yellow hair, which she parted a little to one side and drew down over her ears. She had a sullen face and large well-shaped hands, with her nails long and very pointed.  "The 'she-devil' has brought you some tea," I said. "Where shall she put it?"  "'She-devil'!" she repeated, raising her eyebrows. "It's a very thoughtful she-devil. Who called you that?"  But, with the sight of the valise and the fear that they might be leaving, I thought it best not to quarrel. She had left the window, and going to her dressing-table, had picked up her nail-file.  "Never mind," I said. "I hope you are not going away. These floods don't last, and they're a benefit. Plenty of the people around here rely on 'em every year to wash out their cellars."  "No, I'm not going away," she replied lazily. "I'm taking that dress to Miss Hope at the theater. She is going to wear it in _Charlie's Aunt_ next week. She hasn't half enough of a wardrobe to play leads in stock. Look at this thumb-nail, broken to the quick!"  If I had only looked to see which thumb it was! But I was putting the tea-tray on the wash-stand, and moving Mr. Ladley's papers to find room for it. Peter, the spaniel, begged for a lump of sugar, and I gave it to him.  "Where is Mr. Ladley?" I asked.  "Gone out to see the river."  "I hope he'll be careful. There's a drowning or two every year in these floods."  "Then I hope he won't," she said calmly. "Do you know what I was doing when you came in? I was looking after his boat, and hoping it had a hole in it."  "You won't feel that way to-morrow, Mrs. Ladley," I protested, shocked. "You're just nervous and put out. Most men have their ugly times. Many a time I wished Mr. Pitman was gone--until he went. Then I'd have given a good bit to have him back again."  She was standing in front of the dresser, fixing her hair over her ears. She turned and looked at me over her shoulder.  "Probably Mr. Pitman was a man," she said. "My husband is a fiend, a devil."  Well, a good many women have said that to me at different times. But just let me say such a thing to _them_, or repeat their own words to them the next day, and they would fly at me in a fury. So I said nothing, and put the cream into her tea.  I never saw her again.      There is not much sleeping done in the flood district during a spring flood. The gas was shut off, and I gave Mr. Reynolds and the Ladleys each a lamp. I sat in the back room that I had made into a temporary kitchen, with a candle, and with a bedquilt around my shoulders. The water rose fast in the lower hall, but by midnight, at the seventh step, it stopped rising and stood still. I always have a skiff during the flood season, and as the water rose, I tied it to one spindle of the staircase after another.  I made myself a cup of tea, and at one o'clock I stretched out on a sofa for a few hours' sleep. I think I had been sleeping only an hour or so, when some one touched me on the shoulder and I started up. It was Mr. Reynolds, partly dressed.  "Some one has been in the house, Mrs. Pitman," he said. "They went away just now in the boat."  "Perhaps it was Peter," I suggested. "That dog is always wandering around at night."  "Not unless Peter can row a boat," said Mr. Reynolds dryly.  I got up, being already fully dressed, and taking the candle, we went to the staircase. I noticed that it was a minute or so after two o'clock as we left the room. The boat was gone, not untied, but cut loose. The end of the rope was still fastened to the stair-rail. I sat down on the stairs and looked at Mr. Reynolds.  "It's gone!" I said. "If the house catches fire, we'll have to drown."  "It's rather curious, when you consider it." We both spoke softly, not to disturb the Ladleys. "I've been awake, and I heard no boat come in. And yet, if no one came in a boat, and came from the street, they would have had to swim in."  I felt queer and creepy. The street door was open, of course, and the lights going beyond. It gave me a strange feeling to sit there in the darkness on the stairs, with the arch of the front door like the entrance to a cavern, and see now and then a chunk of ice slide into view, turn around in the eddy, and pass on. It was bitter cold, too, and the wind was rising.  "I'll go through the house," said Mr. Reynolds. "There's likely nothing worse the matter than some drunken mill-hand on a vacation while the mills are under water. But I'd better look."  He left me, and I sat there alone in the darkness. I had a presentiment of something wrong, but I tried to think it was only discomfort and the cold. The water, driven in by the wind, swirled at my feet. And something dark floated in and lodged on the step below. I reached down and touched it. It was a dead kitten. I had never known a dead cat to bring me anything but bad luck, and here was one washed in at my very feet.  Mr. Reynolds came back soon, and reported the house quiet and in order.  "But I found Peter shut up in one of the third-floor rooms," he said. "Did you put him there?"  I had not, and said so; but as the dog went everywhere, and the door might have blown shut, we did not attach much importance to that at the time.  Well, the skiff was gone, and there was no use worrying about it until morning. I went back to the sofa to keep warm, but I left my candle lighted and my door open. I did not sleep: the dead cat was on my mind, and, as if it were not bad enough to have it washed in at my feet, about four in the morning Peter, prowling uneasily, discovered it and brought it in and put it on my couch, wet and stiff, poor little thing!  I looked at the clock. It was a quarter after four, and except for the occasional crunch of one ice-cake hitting another in the yard, everything was quiet. And then I heard the stealthy sound of oars in the lower hall.  I am not a brave woman. I lay there, hoping Mr. Reynolds would hear and open his door. But he was sleeping soundly. Peter snarled and ran out into the hall, and the next moment I heard Mr. Ladley speaking. "Down, Peter," he said. "Down. Go and lie down."  I took my candle and went out into the hall. Mr. Ladley was stooping over the boat, trying to tie it to the staircase. The rope was short, having been cut, and he was having trouble. Perhaps it was the candle-light, but he looked ghost-white and haggard.  "I borrowed your boat, Mrs. Pitman," he said, civilly enough. "Mrs. Ladley was not well, and I--I went to the drug store."  "You've been more than two hours going to the drug store," I said.  He muttered something about not finding any open at first, and went into his room. He closed and locked the door behind him, and although Peter whined and scratched, he did not let him in.  He looked so agitated that I thought I had been harsh, and that perhaps she was really ill. I knocked at the door, and asked if I could do anything. But he only called "No" curtly through the door, and asked me to take that infernal dog away.  I went back to bed and tried to sleep, for the water had dropped an inch or so on the stairs, and I knew the danger was over. Peter came, shivering, at dawn, and got on to the sofa with me. I put an end of the quilt over him, and he stopped shivering after a time and went to sleep.  The dog was company. I lay there, wide awake, thinking about Mr. Pitman's death, and how I had come, by degrees, to be keeping a cheap boarding-house in the flood district, and to having to take impudence from everybody who chose to rent a room from me, and to being called a she-devil. From that I got to thinking again about the Ladleys, and how she had said he was a fiend, and to doubting about his having gone out for medicine for her. I dozed off again at daylight, and being worn out, I slept heavily.  At seven o'clock Mr. Reynolds came to the door, dressed for the store. He was a tall man of about fifty, neat and orderly in his habits, and he always remembered that I had seen better days, and treated me as a lady.  "Never mind about breakfast for me this morning, Mrs. Pitman," he said. "I'll get a cup of coffee at the other end of the bridge. I'll take the boat and send it back with Terry."  He turned and went along the hall and down to the boat. I heard him push off from the stairs with an oar and row out into the street. Peter followed him to the stairs.  At a quarter after seven Mr. Ladley came out and called to me: "Just bring in a cup of coffee and some toast," he said. "Enough for one."  He went back and slammed his door, and I made his coffee. I steeped a cup of tea for Mrs. Ladley at the same time. He opened the door just wide enough for the tray, and took it without so much as a "thank you." He had a cigarette in his mouth as usual, and I could see a fire in the grate and smell something like scorching cloth.  "I hope Mrs. Ladley is better," I said, getting my foot in the crack of the door, so he could not quite close it. It smelled to me as if he had accidentally set fire to something with his cigarette, and I tried to see into the room.  "What about Mrs. Ladley?" he snapped.  "You said she was ill last night."  "Oh, yes! Well, she wasn't very sick. She's better."  "Shall I bring her some tea?"  "Take your foot away!" he ordered. "No. She doesn't want tea. She's not here."  "Not here!"  "Good heavens!" he snarled. "Is her going away anything to make such a fuss about? The Lord knows I'd be glad to get out of this infernal pig-wallow myself."  "If you mean my house--" I began.  But he had pulled himself together and was more polite when he answered. "I mean the neighborhood. Your house is all that could be desired for the money. If we do not have linen sheets and double cream, we are paying muslin and milk prices."  Either my nose was growing accustomed to the odor, or it was dying away: I took my foot away from the door. "When did Mrs. Ladley leave?" I asked.  "This morning, very early. I rowed her to Federal Street."  "You couldn't have had much sleep," I said dryly. For he looked horrible. There were lines around his eyes, which were red, and his lips looked dry and cracked.  "She's not in the piece this week at the theater," he said, licking his lips and looking past me, not at me. "She'll be back by Saturday."  I did not believe him. I do not think he imagined that I did. He shut the door in my face, and it caught poor Peter by the nose. The dog ran off howling, but although Mr. Ladley had been as fond of the animal as it was in his nature to be fond of anything, he paid no attention. As I started down the hall after him, I saw what Peter had been carrying--a slipper of Mrs. Ladley's. It was soaked with water; evidently Peter had found it floating at the foot of the stairs.  Although the idea of murder had not entered my head at that time, the slipper gave me a turn. I picked it up and looked at it--a black one with a beaded toe, short in the vamp and high-heeled, the sort most actresses wear. Then I went back and knocked at the door of the front room again.  "What the devil do you want now?" he called from beyond the door.  "Here's a slipper of Mrs. Ladley's," I said. "Peter found it floating in the lower hall."  He opened the door wide, and let me in. The room was in tolerable order, much better than when Mrs. Ladley was about. He looked at the slipper, but he did not touch it. "I don't think that is hers," he said.  "I've seen her wear it a hundred times."  "Well, she'll never wear it again." And then, seeing me stare, he added: "It's ruined with the water. Throw it out. And, by the way, I'm sorry, but I set fire to one of the pillow-slips--dropped asleep, and my cigarette did the rest. Just put it on the bill."  He pointed to the bed. One of the pillows had no slip, and the ticking cover had a scorch or two on it. I went over and looked at it.  "The pillow will have to be paid for, too, Mr. Ladley," I said. "And there's a sign nailed on the door that forbids smoking in bed. If you are going to set fire to things, I shall have to charge extra."  "Really!" he jeered, looking at me with his cold fishy eyes. "Is there any sign on the door saying that boarders are charged extra for seven feet of filthy river in the bedrooms?"  I was never a match for him, and I make it a principle never to bandy words with my boarders. I took the pillow and the slipper and went out. The telephone was ringing on the stair landing. It was the theater, asking for Miss Brice.  "She has gone away," I said.  "What do you mean? Moved away?"  "Gone for a few days' vacation," I replied. "She isn't playing this week, is she?"  "Wait a moment," said the voice. There was a hum of conversation from the other end, and then another man came to the telephone.  "Can you find out where Miss Brice has gone?"  "I'll see."  I went to Ladley's door and knocked. Mr. Ladley answered from just beyond.  "The theater is asking where Mrs. Ladley is."  "Tell them I don't know," he snarled, and shut the door. I took his message to the telephone.  Whoever it was swore and hung up the receiver.  All the morning I was uneasy--I hardly knew why. Peter felt it as I did. There was no sound from the Ladleys' room, and the house was quiet, except for the lapping water on the stairs and the police patrol going back and forth.  At eleven o'clock a boy in the neighborhood, paddling on a raft, fell into the water and was drowned. I watched the police boat go past, carrying his little cold body, and after that I was good for nothing. I went and sat with Peter on the stairs. The dog's conduct had been strange all morning. He had sat just above the water, looking at it and whimpering. The newspaper men are on."  But, to resume my examination.  The first questions were not of particular interest.  Then:  "Did the prisoner know you had moved to the after house?"  "I do not know.  The forecastle hands knew."  "Tell what you know of the quarrel on July 31 between Captain Richardson and the prisoner."  "I saw it from a deck window."  I described it in detail.  "Why did you move to the after house?"  "At the request of Mrs. Johns.  She said she was nervous."  "What reason did she give?"  "That Mr. Turner was in a dangerous mood; he had quarreled with the captain and was quarreling with Mr. Vail."  "Did you know the arrangement of rooms in the after house?  How the people slept?"  "In a general way."  "What do you mean by that?"  "I knew Mr. Vail's room and Miss Lee's."  "Did you know where the maids slept?"  "Yes."  "You have testified that you were locked in.  Was the key kept in the lock?"  "Yes."  "Would whoever locked you in have had only to move the key from one side of the door to the other?"  "Yes."  "Was the key left in the lock when you were fastened in?"  "No."  "Now, Dr.  Leslie, we want you to tell us what the prisoner did that night when you told him what had happened."  "I called to him to come below, for God's sake.  He seemed dazed and at a loss to know what to do.  I told him to get his revolver and call the captain.  He went into the forward house and got his revolver, but he did not call the captain.  We went below and stumbled over the captain's body."  "What was the mate's condition?"  "When we found the body?"  "His general condition."  "He was intoxicated.  He collapsed on the steps when we found the captain.  We both almost collapsed."  "What was his mental condition?"  "If you mean, was he frightened, we both were."  "Was he pale?"  "I did not notice then.  He was pale and looked ill later, when the crew had gathered."  "About this key: was it ever found? The key to the storeroom?"  "Yes."  "When?"  "That same morning."  "Where?  And by whom?"  "Miss Lee found it on the floor in Mr. Turner's room."  The prosecution was totally unprepared for this reply, and proceedings were delayed for a moment while the attorneys consulted. On the resumption of my examination, they made a desperate attempt to impeach my character as a witness, trying to show that I had sailed under false pretenses; that I was so feared in the after house that the women refused to allow me below, or to administer to Mr. Turner the remedies I prepared; and, finally, that I had surrendered myself to the crew as a suspect, of my own accord.  Against this the cross-examination threw all its weight.  The prosecuting attorneys having dropped the question of the key, the shrewd young lawyer for the defense followed it up:--  "This key, Dr.  Leslie, do you know where it is now?"  "Yes; I have it."  "Will you tell how it came into your possession?"  "Certainly.  I picked it up on the deck, a night or so after the murders.  Miss Lee had dropped it."  I caught Elsa Lee's eye, and she gave me a warm glance of gratitude.  "Have you the key with you?"  "Yes." I produced it.  "Are you a football player, Doctor?"  "I was."  "I thought I recalled you.  I have seen you play several times. In spite of our friend the attorney for the commonwealth, I do not believe we will need to call character witnesses for you.  Did you see Miss Lee pick up the key to the storeroom in Mr. Turner's room?"  "Yes."  "Did it occur to you at the time that the key had any significance?"  "I wondered how it got there."  "You say you listened inside the locked door, and heard no sound, but felt a board rise up under your knee.  A moment or two later, when you called the prisoner, he was intoxicated, and reeled.  Do you mean to tell us that a drunken man could have made his way in the darkness, through a cabin filled with chairs, tables, and a piano, in absolute silence?"  The prosecuting attorney was on his feet in an instant, and the objection was sustained.  I was next shown the keys, club, and file taken from Singleton's mattress.  "You have identified these objects as having been found concealed in the prisoner's mattress.  Do any of these keys fit the captain's cabin?"  "No."  "Who saw the prisoner during the days he was locked in his cabin?"  "I saw him occasionally.  The cook saw him when he carried him his meals."  "Did you ever tell the prisoner where the axe was kept?"  "No."  "Did the members of the crew know?"  "I believe so.  Yes."  "Was the fact that Burns carried the key to the captain's cabin a matter of general knowledge?"  "No.  The crew knew that Burns and I carried the keys; they did not know which one each carried, unless--"  "Go on, please."  "If any one had seen Burns take Mrs. Johns forward and show her the axe, he would have known."  "Who were on deck at that time?"  "All the crew were on deck, the forecastle being closed.  In the crow's-nest was McNamara; Jones was at the wheel."  "From the crow's-nest could the lookout have seen Burns and Mrs. Johns going forward?"  "No.  The two houses were connected by an awning."  "What could the helmsman see?"  "Nothing forward of the after house."  The prosecution closed its case with me.  The defense, having virtually conducted its case by cross-examination of the witnesses already called, contented itself with producing a few character witnesses, and "rested."  Goldstein made an eloquent plea of "no case," and asked the judge so to instruct the jury.  This was refused, and the case went to the jury on the seventh day--a surprisingly short trial, considering the magnitude of the crimes.  The jury disagreed.  But, while they wrangled, McWhirter and I were already on the right track.  At the very hour that the jurymen were being discharged and steps taken for a retrial, we had the murderer locked in my room in a cheap lodging-house off Chestnut Street.      With the submission of the case to the jury, the witnesses were given their freedom.  McWhirter had taken a room for me for a day or two to give me time to look about; and, his own leave of absence from his hospital being for ten days, we had some time together.  My situation was better than it had been in the summer.  I had my strength again, although the long confinement had told on me.  But my position was precarious enough.  I had my pay from the Ella, and nothing else.  And McWhirter, with a monthly stipend from his hospital of twenty-five dollars, was not much better off.  My first evening of freedom we spent at the theater.  We bought the best seats in the house, and we dressed for the occasion--being in the position of having nothing to wear between shabby everyday wear and evening clothes.  "It is by way of celebration," Mac said, as he put a dab of shoe-blacking over a hole in his sock; "you having been restored to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.  That's the game, Leslie--the pursuit of happiness."  I was busy with a dress tie that I had washed and dried by pasting it on a mirror, an old trick of mine when funds ran low.  I was trying to enter into Mac's festive humor, but I had not reacted yet from the horrors of the past few months.  "Happiness!" I said scornfully.  "Do you call this happiness?"  He put up the blacking, and, coming to me, stood eyeing me in the mirror as I arranged my necktie.  "Don't be bitter," he said.  "Happiness was my word.  The Good Man was good to you when he made you.  That ought to be a source of satisfaction.  And as for the girl--"  "What girl?"  "If she could only see you now.  Why in thunder didn't you take those clothes on board?  I wanted you to.  Couldn't a captain wear a dress suit on special occasions?"  "Mac," I said gravely, "if you will think a moment, you will remember that the only special occasions on the Ella, after I took charge, were funerals.  Have you sat through seven days of horrors without realizing that?"  Mac had once gone to Europe on a liner, and, having exhausted his funds, returned on a cattle-boat.  "All the captains I ever knew," he said largely, "were a fussy lot--dressed to kill, and navigating the boat from the head of a dinner-table.  But I suppose you know.  I was only regretting that she hadn't seen you the way you're looking now.  That's all.  I suppose I may regret, without hurting your feelings!"  He dropped all mention of Elsa after that, for a long time.  But I saw him looking at me, at intervals, during the evening, and sighing.  He was still regretting!  We enjoyed the theater, after all, with the pent-up enthusiasm of long months of work and strain.  We laughed at the puerile fun, encored the prettiest of the girls, and swaggered in the lobby between acts, with cigarettes.  There we ran across the one man I knew in Philadelphia, and had supper after the play with three or four fellows who, on hearing my story, persisted in believing that I had sailed on the Ella as a lark or to follow a girl.  My simple statement that I had done it out of necessity met with roars of laughter and finally I let it go at that.  It was after one when we got back to the lodging-house, being escorted there in a racing car by a riotous crowd that stood outside the door, as I fumbled for my key, and screeched in unison: "Leslie! Leslie! Leslie! Sic 'em!" before they drove away.  The light in the dingy lodging-house parlor was burning full, but the hall was dark.  I stopped inside and lighted a cigarette.  "Life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness, Mac!" I said.  "I've got the first two, and the other can be had--for the pursuit."  Mac did not reply: he was staring into the parlor.  Elsa Lee was standing by a table, looking at me.  She was very nervous, and tried to explain her presence in a breath--with the result that she broke down utterly and had to stop. Mac, his jovial face rather startled, was making for the stairs; but I sternly brought him back and presented him.  Whereon, being utterly confounded, he made the tactful remark that he would have to go and put out the milk-bottles: it was almost morning!  She had been waiting since ten o'clock, she said.  A taxicab, with her maid, was at the door.  They were going back to New York in the morning, and things were terribly wrong.  "Wrong?  You need not mind Mr. McWhirter.  He is as anxious as I am to be helpful."  "There are detectives watching Marshall; we saw one to-day at the hotel.  If the jury disagrees--and the lawyers think they will--they will arrest him."  I thought it probable.  There was nothing I could say.  McWhirter made an effort to reassure her.  "It wouldn't be a hanging matter, anyhow," he said.  "There's a lot against him, but hardly a jury in the country would hang a man for something he did, if he could prove he was delirious the next day." She paled at this dubious comfort, but it struck her sense of humor, too, for she threw me a fleeting smile.  "I was to ask you to do something," she said.  "None of us can, for we are being watched.  I was probably followed here.  The Ella is still in the river, with only a watchman on board.  We want you to go there to-night, if you can."  "To the Ella?"  She was feeling in her pocketbook, and now she held out to me an envelope addressed in a sprawling hand to Mr. Turner at his hotel.  "Am I to open it?"  "Please."  I unfolded a sheet of ruled note-paper of the most ordinary variety. It had been opened and laid flat, and on it, in black ink, was a crude drawing of the deck of the Ella, as one would look down on it from aloft.  Here and there were small crosses in red ink, and, overlying it all from bow to stern, a red axe.  Around the border, not written, but printed in childish letters, were the words: "NOT YET.  HA, HA."  In a corner was a drawing of a gallows, or what passes in the everyday mind for a gallows, and in the opposite corner an open book.  "You see," she said, "it was mailed downtown late this afternoon. The hotel got it at seven o'clock.  Marshall wanted to get a detective, but I thought of you.  I knew--you knew the boat, and then--you had said--"  "Anything in all the world that I can do to help you, I will do," I said, looking at her.  And the thing that I could not keep out of my eyes made her drop hers.  "Sweet little document!" said McWhirter, looking over my shoulder. "Sent by some one with a nice disposition.  What do the crosses mark?"  "The location of the bodies when found," I explained--"these three. This looks like the place where Burns lay unconscious.  That one near the rail I don't know about, nor this by the mainmast."  "We thought they might mark places, clues, perhaps, that had been overlooked.  The whole--the whole document is a taunt, isn't it? The scaffold, and the axe, and 'not yet'; a piece of bravado!"  "Right you are," said McWhirter admiringly.  "A little escape of glee from somebody who's laughing too soon.  One-thirty--it will soon be the proper hour for something to happen on the Ella, won't it?  If that was sent by some member of the crew--and it looks like it; they are loose to-day--the quicker we follow it up, the better, if there's anything to follow."  "We thought if you would go early in the morning, before any of them make an excuse to go back on board--"  "We will go right away; but, please--don't build too much on this. It's a good possibility, that's all.  Will the watchman let us on board?"  "We thought of that.  Here is a note to him from Marshall, and--will you do us one more kindness?"  "I will."  "Then--if you should find anything, bring it to us; to the police; later, if you must, but to us first."  "When?"  "In the morning.  We will not leave until we hear from you."  She held out her hand, first to McWhirter, then to me.  I kept it a little longer than I should have, perhaps, and she did not take it away.  "It is such a comfort," she said, "to have you with us and not against us!  For Marshall didn't do it, Leslie--I mean--it is hard for me to think of you as Dr. Leslie!  He didn't do it.  At first, we thought he might have, and he was delirious and could not reassure us.  He swears he did not.  I think, just at first, he was afraid he had done it; but he did not.  I believe that, and you must."  I believed her--I believed anything she said.  I think that if she had chosen to say that I had wielded the murderer's axe on the Ella, I should have gone to the gallows rather than gainsay her.  From that night, I was the devil's advocate, if you like.  I was determined to save Marshall Turner.  She wished us to take her taxicab, dropping her at her hotel; and, reckless now of everything but being with her, I would have done so. But McWhirter's discreet cough reminded me of the street-car level of our finances, and I made the excuse of putting on more suitable clothing.  I stood in the street, bareheaded, watching her taxicab as it rattled down the street.  McWhirter touched me on the arm.  "Wake up!" he said.  "We have work to do, my friend."  We went upstairs together, cautiously, not to rouse the house. At the top, Mac turned and patted me on the elbow, my shoulder being a foot or so above him.  "Good boy!" he said.  "And if that shirtfront and tie didn't knock into eternal oblivion the deck-washing on the Ella, I'll eat them!"      I deserve no credit for the solution of the Ella's mystery.  I have a certain quality of force, perhaps, and I am not lacking in physical courage; but I have no finesse of intellect.  McWhirter, a foot shorter than I, round of face, jovial and stocky, has as much subtlety in his little finger as I have in my six feet and a fraction of body.  All the way to the river, therefore, he was poring over the drawing. He named the paper at once.  "Ought to know it," he said, in reply to my surprise.  "Sold enough paper at the drugstore to qualify as a stationery engineer."  He writhed as was his habit over his jokes, and then fell to work at the drawing again.  "A book," he said, "and an axe, and a gibbet or gallows.  B-a-g--that makes 'bag.'  Doesn't go far, does it? Humorous duck, isn't he?  Any one who can write 'ha! ha!' under a gallows has real humor.  G-a-b, b-a-g!"  The Ella still lay in the Delaware, half a mile or so from her original moorings.  She carried the usual riding-lights--a white one in the bow, another at the stern, and the two vertical red lights which showed her not under command.  In reply to repeated signals, we were unable to rouse the watchman.  I had brought an electric flash with me, and by its aid we found a rope ladder over the side, with a small boat at its foot.  Although the boat indicated the presence of the watchman on board, we made our way to the deck without challenge.  Here McWhirter suggested that the situation might be disagreeable, were the man to waken and get at us with a gun.  We stood by the top of the ladder, therefore, and made another effort to rouse him.  "Hey, watchman!" I called.  And McWhirter, in a deep bass, sang lustily: "Watchman, what of the night?"  Neither of us made, any perceptible impression on the silence and gloom of the Ella.  McWhirter grew less gay.  The deserted decks of the ship, her tragic history, her isolation, the darkness, which my small flash seemed only to intensify, all had their effect on him.  "It's got my goat," he admitted.  "It smells like a tomb."  "Don't be an ass."  "Turn the light over the side, and see if we fastened that boat. We don't want to be left here indefinitely."  "That's folly, Mac," I said, but I obeyed him.  "The watchman's boat is there, so we--"  But he caught me suddenly by the arm and shook me.  "My God!" he said.  "What is that over there?"  It was a moment before my eyes, after the flashlight, could discern anything in the darkness.  Mac was pointing forward.  When I could see, Mac was ready to laugh at himself.  "I told you the place had my goat!" he said sheepishly.  "I thought I saw something duck around the corner of that building; but I think it was a ray from a searchlight on one of those boats."  "The watchman, probably," I said quietly.  But my heart beat a little faster.  "The watchman taking a look at us and gone for his gun."  I thought rapidly.  If Mac had seen anything, I did not believe it was the watchman.  But there should be a watchman on board--in the forward house, probably.  I gave Mac my revolver and put the light in my pocket.  I might want both hands that night.  I saw better without the flash, and, guided partly by the bow light, partly by my knowledge of the yacht, I led the way across the deck.  The forward house was closed and locked, and no knocking produced any indication of life.  The after house we found not only locked, but barred across with strips of wood nailed into place.  The forecastle was likewise closed.  It was a dead ship.  No figure reappearing to alarm him, Mac took the drawing out of his pocket and focused the flashlight on it. The captain came down just then, and ordered Mr. Singleton on deck.  I think he went, for I did not hear his voice again.  I thought, from the sounds, that Mr. Vail and the captain were trying to get Mr. Turner to his room."  Mrs. Johns had been sitting back, her eyes shut, holding a bottle of salts to her nose.  Now she looked up.  "My dear woman," she said, "are you trying to tell us that we slept through all that?"  "If you did not hear it, you must have slept," the stewardess persisted obstinately.  "The door into the main cabin was closed. Karen came down just after.  She was frightened.  She said the first mate was on deck, in a terrible humor; and that Charlie Jones, who was at the wheel, had appealed to Burns not to leave him there--that trouble was coming. That must have been at half-past twelve. The bell struck as she put out the light.  We both went to sleep then, until Mrs. Turner's ringing for Karen roused us."  "But I did not ring for Karen."  The woman stared at Mrs. Turner.  "But the bell rang, Mrs. Turner.  Karen got up at once and, turning on the light, looked at the clock.  'What do you think of that?' she said. 'Ten minutes to three, and I'd just got to sleep!'  I growled about the light, and she put it out, after she had thrown on a wrapper.  The room was dark when she opened the door.  There was a little light in the chart-room, from the binnacle lantern.  The door at the top of the companionway was always closed at night; the light came through the window near the wheel."  She had kept up very well to this point, telling her story calmly and keeping her voice down.  But when she reached the actual killing of the Danish maid, she went to pieces.  She took to shivering violently, and her pulse, under my fingers, was small and rapid.  I mixed some aromatic spirits with water and gave it to her, and we waited until she could go on.  For the first time, then, I realized that I was clad only in shirt and trousers, with a handkerchief around my head where the accident in the hold had left me with a nasty cut.  My bare feet were thrust into down-at-the-heel slippers.  I saw Miss Lee's eyes on me, and colored.  "I had forgotten," I said uncomfortably.  "I'll have time to find my coat while she is recovering.  I have been so occupied--"  "Don't be a fool," Mrs. Johns said brusquely.  "No one cares how you look.  We only thank Heaven you are alive to look after us.  Do you know what we have been doing, locked in down here?  We have been--"  "Please, Adele!" said Elsa Lee.  And Mrs. Johns, shrugging her shoulders, went back to her salts.  The rest of the story we got slowly.  Briefly, it was this.  Karen, having made her protest at being called at such an hour, had put on a wrapper and pinned up her hair.  The light was on.  The stewardess said she heard a curious chopping sound in the main cabin, followed by a fall, and called Karen's attention to it.  The maid, impatient and drowsy, had said it was probably Mr. Turner falling over something, and that she hoped she would not meet him.  Once or twice, when he had been drinking, he had made overtures to her, and she detested him.  The sound outside ceased.  It was about five minutes since the bell had rung, and Karen yawned and sat down on the bed.  "I'll let her ring again," she said.  "If she gets in the habit of this sort of thing, I'm going to leave."  The stewardess asked her to put out the light and let her sleep, and Karen did so.  The two women were in darkness, and the stewardess dozed, for a minute only.  She was awakened by Karen touching her on the shoulder and whispering close to her ear.  "That beast is out there," she said.  "I peered out, and I think he is sitting on the companion steps.  You listen, and if he tries to stop me I'll call you."  The stewardess was wide awake by that time.  She thought perhaps the bell, instead of coming from Mrs. Turner's room, had come from the room adjoining Turner's, where Vail slept, and which had been originally designed for Mrs. Turner.  She suggested turning on the light again and looking at the bell register; but Karen objected.  The stewardess sat up in her bed, which was the one under the small window opening on the deck aft.  She could not see through the door directly, but a faint light came through the doorway as Karen opened the door.  The girl stood there, looking out.  Then suddenly she threw up her hands and screamed, and the next moment there was a blow struck. She staggered back a step or two, and fell into the room.  The stewardess saw a white figure in the doorway as the girl fell. Almost instantly something whizzed by her, striking the end of a pillow and bruising her arm.  She must have fainted.  When she recovered, faint daylight was coming into the room, and the body of the Danish girl was lying as it had fallen.  She tried to get up, and fainted again.  That was her story, and it did not tell us much that we needed to know. She showed me her right arm, which was badly bruised and discolored at the shoulder.  "What do you mean by a white figure?"  "It looked white: it seemed to shine."  "When I went to call you, Mrs. Sloane, the door to your room was closed."  "I saw it closed!" she said positively.  "I had forgotten that, but now I remember.  The axe fell beside me, and I tried to scream, but I could not.  I saw the door closed, very slowly and without a sound.  Then I fainted."  The thing was quite possible.  Owing to the small size of the cabin, and to the fact that it must accommodate two bunks, the door opened out into the chart-room.  Probably the woman had fainted before I broke the lock of my door and fell into the main cabin. But a white figure!  "Karen exclaimed," Miss Lee said slowly, "that some one was sitting on the companion steps?"  "Yes, miss."  "And she thought that it was Mr. Turner?"  "Yes." The stewardess looked quickly at Mrs. Turner, and averted her eyes.  "It may have been all talk, miss, about his--about his bothering her.  She was a great one to fancy that men were following her about."  Miss Lee got up and came to the door where I was standing.  "Surely we need not be prisoners any longer!" she said in an undertone. "It is daylight.  If I stay here I shall go crazy."  "The murderer is still on the ship," I protested.  "And just now the deck is--hardly a place for women.  Wait until this afternoon, Miss Lee.  By that time I shall have arranged for a guard for you. Although God knows, with every man under suspicion, where we will find any to trust."  "You will arrange a guard!"  "The men have asked me to take charge."  "But--I don't understand.  The first mate--"  "--is a prisoner of the crew."  "They accuse him!"  "They have to accuse some one.  There's a sort of hysteria among the men, and they've fixed on Singleton.  They won't hurt him, I'll see to that,--and it makes for order."  She considered for a moment.  I had time then to see the havoc the night had wrought in her.  She was pale, with deep hollows around her eyes.  Her hands shook and her mouth drooped wearily.  But, although her face was lined with grief, it was not the passionate sorrow of a loving girl.  She had not loved Vail, I said to myself. She had not loved Vail!  My heart beat faster.  "Will you allow me to leave this room for five minutes?"  "If I may go with you, and if you will come back without protest."  "You are arbitrary!" she said resentfully.  "I only wish to speak to Mr. Turner."  "Then--if I may wait at the door."  "I shall not go, under those conditions."  "Miss Lee," I said desperately, "surely you must realize the state of affairs.  We must trust no one--no one.  Every shadowy corner, every closed door, may hold death in its most terrible form."  "You are right, of course.  Will you wait outside?  I can dress and be ready in five minutes."  I went into the main cabin, now bright with the morning sun, which streamed down the forward companionway.  The door to Vail's room across was open, and Williams, working in nervous haste, was putting it in order.  Walking up and down, his shrewd eyes keenly alert, Charlie Jones was on guard, revolver in hand.  He came over to me at once.  "Turner is moving, in there," he said, jerking his thumb toward the forward cabin.  "What are you going to do?  Let a drunken sot like that give us orders, and bang us with a belaying pin when we don't please him?"  "He is the owner.  But one thing we can do, Jones.  We can keep him from more liquor.  Williams!"  He came out, more dead than alive.  "Williams," I said sternly, "I give you an hour to get rid of every ounce of liquor on the Ella.  Remember, not a bottle is to be saved."  "But Mistah Turner--"  "I'll answer to Mr. Turner.  Get it overboard before he gets around. And, Williams!"  "Well?"--sullenly.  "I'm going around after you, and if I find so much as a pint, I'll put you in that room you have just left, and lock you in."  He turned even grayer, and went into the storeroom.  A day later, and the crew would probably have resented what they saw that morning.  But that day they only looked up apathetically from their gruesome work of sewing into bags of canvas the sheeted bodies on the deck, while a gray-faced Negro in a white coat flung over the rail cases of fine wines, baskets and boxes full of bottles, dozen after dozen of brandies and liquors, all sinking beyond salvage in the blue Atlantic.      MY first thought had been for the women, and, unluckily, to save them a shock I had all evidences of the crime cleared away as quickly as possible.  Stains that might have been of invaluable service in determining the murderer were washed away almost before they were dry. I realized this now, too late.  But the axe remained, and I felt that its handle probably contained a record for more skillful eyes than mine to read, prints that under the microscope would reveal the murderer's identity as clearly as a photograph.  I sent for Burns, who reported that he had locked the axe in the captain's cabin.  He gave me the key, which I fastened to a string and hung around my neck under my shirt.  He also reported that, as I had suggested, the crew had gone, two at a time, into the forecastle, and had brought up what they needed to stay on deck. The forecastle had been closed and locked in the presence of the crew, and the key given to Burns, who fastened it to his watch-chain. The two hatchways leading to the hold had been fastened down also, and Oleson, who was ship's carpenter, had nailed them fast.  The crew had been instructed to stay aft of the wheel, except when on watch.  Thus the helmsman need not be alone.  As I have said, the door at the top of the companion steps, near the wheel, was closed and locked, and entrance to the after house was to be gained only by the forward companion.  It was the intention of Burns and myself to keep watch here, amidships.  Burns had probably suffered more than any of us.  Whatever his relation to the Hansen woman had been, he had been with her only three hours before her death, and she was wearing a ring of his, a silver rope tied in a sailor's knot, when she died.  And Burns had been fond of Captain Richardson, in a crew where respect rather than affection toward the chief officer was the rule.  When Burns gave me the key to the captain's room Charlie Jones had reached the other end of the long cabin, and was staring through into the chartroom.  It was a time to trust no one, and I assured myself that Jones was not looking before I thrust it into my shirt.  "They're--all ready, Leslie," Burns said, his face working.  "What are we going to do with them?"  "We'll have to take them back."  "But we can't do that.  It's a two weeks' matter, and in this weather--"  "We will take them back, Burns," I said shortly, and he assented mechanically:--  "Aye, aye, sir."  Just how it was to be done was a difficult thing to decide.  Miss Lee had not appeared yet, and the three of us, Jones, Burns, and I, talked it over.  Jones suggested that we put them in one of the life boats, and nail over it a canvas and tarpaulin cover.  "It ain't my own idea," he said modestly.  "I seen it done once, on the Argentina.  It worked all right for a while, and after a week or so we lowered the jolly-boat and towed it astern."  I shuddered; but the idea was a good one, and I asked Burns to go up and get the boat ready.  "We must let the women up this afternoon," I said, "and, if it is possible, try to keep them from learning where the bodies are.  We can rope off a part of the deck for them, and ask them not to leave it."  Miss Lee came out then, and Burns went on deck.  The girl was looking better.  The exertion of dressing had brought back her color, and her lips, although firmly set, were not drawn. She stood just outside the door and drew a deep breath.  "You must not keep us prisoners any longer, Leslie," she said. "Put a guard over us, if you must, but let us up in the air."  "This afternoon, Miss Lee," I said.  "This morning you are better below."  She understood me, but she had no conception of the brutality of the crime, even then.  "I am not a child.  I wish to see them.  I shall have to testify--"  "You will not see them, Miss Lee."  She stood twisting her handkerchief in her hands.  She saw Charlie Jones pacing the length of the cabin, revolver in hand.  From the chartroom came the sound of hammering, where the after companion door, already locked, was being additionally secured with strips of wood nailed across.  "I understand," she said finally.  "Will you take me to Karen's room?"  I could see no reason for objecting; but so thorough was the panic that had infected us all that I would not allow her in until I had preceded her, and had searched in the clothes closet and under the two bunks. Williams had not reached this room yet, and there was a pool of blood on the floor.  She had a great deal of courage.  She glanced at the stain, and looked away again quickly.  "I--think I shall not come in.  Will you look at the bell register for me?  What bell is registered?"  "Three."  "Three!" she said.  "Are you sure?"  I looked again.  "It is three."  "Then it was not my sister's bell that rang.  It was Mr. Vail's!"  "It must be a mistake.  Perhaps the wires--"  "Mrs. Turner's room is number one.  Please go back and ask her to ring her bell, while I see how it registers."  But I would not leave her there alone.  I went with her to her sister's door, and together we returned to the maids' cabin.  Mrs. Turner had rung as we requested, and her bell had registered "One."  "He rang for help!" she cried, and broke down utterly.  She dropped into a chair in the chart-room and cried softly, helplessly, while I stood by, unable to think of anything to do or say.  I think now that it was the best thing she could have done, though at the time I was alarmed.  I ventured, finally, to put my hand on her shoulder.  "Please!" I said.  Charlie Jones came to the door of the chartroom, and retreated with instinctive good taste.  She stopped crying after a time, and I knew the exact instant when she realized my touch.  I felt her stiffen; without looking up, she drew away from my hand; and I stepped back, hurt and angry--the hurt for her, the anger that I could not remember that I was her hired servant.  When she got up, she did not look at me, nor I at her--at least not consciously.  But when, in those days, was I not looking at her, seeing her, even when my eyes were averted, feeling her presence before any ordinary sense told me she was near?  The sound of her voice in the early mornings, when I was washing down the deck, had been enough to set my blood pounding in my ears.  The last thing I saw at night, when I took myself to the storeroom to sleep, was her door across the main cabin; and in the morning, stumbling out with my pillow and blanket, I gave it a foolish little sign of greeting.  What she would not see the men had seen, and, in their need, they had made me their leader.  To her I was Leslie, the common sailor. I registered a vow, that morning, that I would be the common sailor until the end of the voyage.  "Mr. Turner is awake, I believe," I said stiffly.  "Very well."  She turned back into the main cabin; but she paused at the storeroom door.  "It is curious that you heard nothing," she said slowly.  "You slept with this door open, didn't you?"  "I was locked in."  She stooped quickly and looked at the lock.  "You broke it open?"  "Partly, at the last.  I heard--"  I stopped.  I did not want to tell her what I had heard.  But she knew.  "You heard--Karen, when she screamed?"  "Yes.  I was aroused before that,--I do not know how,--and found I was locked in.  I thought it might be a joke--forecastle hands are fond of joking, and they resented my being brought here to sleep. I took out some of the screws with my knife, and--then I broke the door."  "You saw no one?"  "It was dark; I saw and heard no one."  "But, surely--the man at the wheel--"  "Hush," I warned her; "he is there.  He heard something, but the helmsman cannot leave the wheel."  She was stooping to the lock again.  "You are sure it was locked?"  "The bolt is still shot."  I showed her.  "Then--where is the key?"  "The key!"  "Certainly.  Find the key, and you will find the man who locked you in."  "Unless," I reminded her, "it flew out when I broke the lock."  "In that case, it will be on the floor."  But an exhaustive search of the cabin floor discovered no key. Jones, seeing us searching, helped, his revolver in one hand and a lighted match in the other, handling both with an abandon of ease that threatened us alternately with fire and a bullet.  But there was no key.  "It stands to reason, miss," he said, when we had given up, "that, since the key isn't here, it isn't on the ship.  That there key is a sort of red-hot give-away.  No one is going to carry a thing like that around.  Either it's here in this cabin--which it isn't--or it's overboard."  "Very likely, Jones.  But I shall ask Mr. Turner to search the men."  She went toward Turner's door, and Jones leaned over me, putting a hand on my arm.  "She's right, boy," he said quickly.  "Don't let 'em know what you're after, but go through their pockets.  And their shoes!" he called after me.  "A key slips into a shoe mighty easy."  But, after all, it was not necessary.  The key was to be found, and very soon.      Exactly what occurred during Elsa Lee's visit to her brother-in-law's cabin I have never learned.  He was sober, I know, and somewhat dazed, with no recollection whatever of the previous night, except a hazy idea that he had quarreled with Richardson.  Jones and I waited outside. Sullivan looked again at the dagger, a sharp little bit of steel with a Florentine handle. Then he picked up the locket and pressed a hidden spring under one of the cameos. Inside, very neatly engraved, was the name and a date.  "Gentlemen," he said, his face ghastly, "it is of no use for me to attempt a denial. The dagger and necklace belonged to my sister, Alice Curtis!"       Hotchkiss was the first to break the tension.  "Mr. Sullivan," he asked suddenly, "was your sister left-handed?"  "Yes."  Hotchkiss put away his note-book and looked around with an air of triumphant vindication. It gave us a chance to smile and look relieved. After all, Mrs. Curtis was dead. It was the happiest solution of the unhappy affair. McKnight brought Sullivan some whisky, and he braced up a little.  "I learned through the papers that my wife was in a Baltimore hospital, and yesterday I ventured there to see her. I felt if she would help me to keep straight, that now, with her father and my sister both dead, we might be happy together.  "I understand now what puzzled me then. It seemed that my sister went into the next car and tried to make my wife promise not to interfere. But Ida--Mrs. Sullivan--was firm, of course. She said her father had papers, certificates and so on, that would stop the marriage at once.  "She said, also, that her father was in our car, and that there would be the mischief to pay in the morning. It was probably when my sister tried to get the papers that he awakened, and she had to do--what she did."  It was over. Save for a technicality or two, I was a free man. Alison rose quietly and prepared to go; the men stood to let her pass, save Sullivan who sat crouched in his chair, his face buried in his hands. Hotchkiss, who had been tapping the desk with his pencil, looked up abruptly and pointed the pencil at me.  "If all this is true, and I believe it is,--then who was in the house next door, Blakeley, the night you and Mr. Johnson searched? You remember, you said it was a woman's hand at the trap door."  I glanced hastily at Johnson, whose face was impassive. He had his hand on the knob of the door and he opened it before he spoke.  "There were a number of scratches on Mrs. Conway's right hand," he observed to the room in general. "Her wrist was bandaged and badly bruised."  He went out then, but he turned as he closed the door and threw at me a glance of half-amused, half-contemptuous tolerance.  McKnight saw Alison, with Mrs. Dallas, to their carriage, and came back again. The gathering in the office was breaking up. Sullivan, looking worn and old, was standing by the window, staring at the broken necklace in his hand. When he saw me watching him, he put it on the desk and picked up his hat.  "If I can not do anything more--" he hesitated.  "I think you have done about enough," I replied grimly, and he went out.  I believe that Richey and Hotchkiss led me somewhere to dinner, and that, for fear I would be lonely without him, they sent for Johnson. And I recall a spirited discussion in which Hotchkiss told the detective that he could manage certain cases, but that he lacked induction. Richey and I were mainly silent. My thoughts would slip ahead to that hour, later in the evening, when I should see Alison again.  I dressed in savage haste finally, and was so particular about my tie that Mrs. Klopton gave up in despair.  "I wish, until your arm is better, that you would buy the kind that hooks on," she protested, almost tearfully. "I'm sure they look very nice, Mr. Lawrence. My late husband always--"  "That's a lover's knot you've tied this time," I snarled, and, jerking open the bow knot she had so painfully executed, looked out the window for Johnson--until I recalled that he no longer belonged in my perspective. I ended by driving frantically to the club and getting George to do it.  I was late, of course. The drawing-room and library at the Dallas home were empty. I could hear billiard balls rolling somewhere, and I turned the other way. I found Alison at last on the balcony, sitting much as she had that night on the beach,--her chin in her hands, her eyes fixed unseeingly on the trees and lights of the square across. She was even whistling a little, softly. But this time the plaintiveness was gone. It was a tender little tune. She did not move, as I stood beside her, looking down. And now, when the moment had come, all the thousand and one things I had been waiting to say forsook me, precipitately beat a retreat, and left me unsupported. The arc-moon sent little fugitive lights over her hair, her eyes, her gown.  "Don't--do that," I said unsteadily. "You--you know what I want to do when you whistle!"  She glanced up at me, and she did not stop. She did not stop! She went on whistling softly, a bit tremulously. And straightway I forgot the street, the chance of passers-by, the voices in the house behind us. "The world doesn't hold any one but you," I said reverently. "It is our world, sweetheart. I love you."  And I kissed her.  A boy was whistling on the pavement below. I let her go reluctantly and sat back where I could see her.  "I haven't done this the way I intended to at all," I confessed. "In books they get things all settled, and then kiss the lady."  "Settled?" she inquired.  "Oh, about getting married and that sort of thing," I explained with elaborate carelessness. "We--we could go down to Bermuda--or--or Jamaica, say in December."  She drew her hand away and faced me squarely.  "I believe you are afraid!" she declared. "I refuse to marry you unless you propose properly. Everybody does it. And it is a woman's privilege: she wants to have that to look back to."  "Very well," I consented with an exaggerated sigh. "If you will promise not to think I look like an idiot, I shall do it, knee and all."  I had to pass her to close the door behind us, but when I kissed her again she protested that we were not really engaged.  I turned to look down at her. "It is a terrible thing," I said exultantly, "to love a girl the way I love you, and to have only one arm!" Then I closed the door.  From across the street there came a sharp crescendo whistle, and a vaguely familiar figure separated itself from the park railing.  "Say," he called, in a hoarse whisper, "shall I throw the key down the elevator shaft?" "And so it was fitting flitfully!"  "That's what it was doing," she reiterated. "Fitting flitfully--I mean flitting fitfully--how you do throw me out, Mr. Lawrence! And what's more, it came again!"  "Oh, come now, Mrs. Klopton," I objected, "ghosts are like lightning; they never strike twice in the same night. That is only worth half a cup of beef tea."  "You may ask Euphemia," she retorted with dignity. "Not more than an hour after, there was a light there again. We saw it through the chinks of the shutters. Only--this time it began at the lower floor and climbed!"  "You oughtn't to tell ghost stories at night," came McKnight's voice from the doorway. "Really, Mrs. Klopton, I'm amazed at you. You old duffer! I've got you to thank for the worst day of my life."  Mrs. Klopton gulped. Then realizing that the "old duffer" was meant for me, she took her empty cup and went out muttering.  "The Pirate's crazy about me, isn't she?" McKnight said to the closing door. Then he swung around and held out his hand.  "By Jove," he said, "I've been laying you out all day, lilies on the door-bell, black gloves, everything. If you had had the sense of a mosquito in a snow-storm, you would have telephoned me."  "I never even thought of it." I was filled with remorse. "Upon my word, Rich, I hadn't an idea beyond getting away from that place. If you had seen what I saw--"  McKnight stopped me. "Seen it! Why, you lunatic, I've been digging for you all day in the ruins! I've lunched and dined on horrors. Give me something to rinse them down, Lollie."  He had fished the key of the cellarette from its hiding-place in my shoe bag and was mixing himself what he called a Bernard Shaw--a foundation of brandy and soda, with a little of everything else in sight to give it snap. Now that I saw him clearly, he looked weary and grimy. I hated to tell him what I knew he was waiting to hear, but there was no use wading in by inches. I ducked and got it over.  "The notes are gone, Rich," I said, as quietly as I could. In spite of himself his face fell.  "I--of course I expected it," he said. "But--Mrs. Klopton said over the telephone that you had brought home a grip and I hoped--well, Lord knows we ought not to complain. You're here, damaged, but here." He lifted his glass. "Happy days, old man!"  "If you will give me that black bottle and a teaspoon, I'll drink that in arnica, or whatever the stuff is; Rich,--the notes were gone before the wreck!"  He wheeled and stared at me, the bottle in his hand. "Lost, strayed or stolen?" he queried with forced lightness.  "Stolen, although I believe the theft was incidental to something else."  Mrs. Klopton came in at that moment, with an eggnog in her hand. She glanced at the clock, and, without addressing any one in particular, she intimated that it was time for self-respecting folks to be at home in bed. McKnight, who could never resist a fling at her back, spoke to me in a stage whisper.  "Is she talking still? or again?" he asked, just before the door closed. There was a second's indecision with the knob, then, judging discretion the better part, Mrs. Klopton went away.  "Now, then," McKnight said, settling himself in a chair beside the bed, "spit it out. Not the wreck--I know all I want about that. But the theft. I can tell you beforehand that it was a woman."  I had crawled painfully out of bed, and was in the act of pouring the egg-nog down the pipe of the washstand. I paused, with the glass in the air.  "A woman!" I repeated, startled. "What makes you think that?"  "You don't know the first principles of a good detective yarn," he said scornfully. "Of course, it was the woman in the empty house next door. You said it was brass pipes, you will remember. Well--on with the dance: let joy be unconfined."  So I told the story; I had told it so many times that day that I did it automatically. And I told about the girl with the bronze hair, and my suspicions. But I did not mention Alison West. McKnight listened to the end without interruption. When I had finished he drew a long breath.  "Well!" he said. "That's something of a mess, isn't it? If you can only prove your mild and child-like disposition, they couldn't hold you for the murder--which is a regular ten-twent-thirt crime, anyhow. But the notes--that's different. They are not burned, anyhow. Your man wasn't on the train--therefore, he wasn't in the wreck. If he didn't know what he was taking, as you seem to think, he probably reads the papers, and unless he is a fathead, he's awake by this time to what he's got. He'll try to sell them to Bronson, probably."  "Or to us," I put in.  We said nothing for a few minutes. McKnight smoked a cigarette and stared at a photograph of Candida over the mantel. Candida is the best pony for a heavy mount in seven states.  "I didn't go to Richmond," he observed finally. The remark followed my own thoughts so closely that I started. "Miss West is not home yet from Seal Harbor."  Receiving no response, he lapsed again into thoughtful silence. Mrs. Klopton came in just as the clock struck one, and made preparation for the night by putting a large gaudy comfortable into an arm-chair in the dressing-room, with a smaller, stiff-backed chair for her feet. She was wonderfully attired in a dressing-gown that was reminiscent, in parts, of all the ones she had given me for a half dozen Christmases, and she had a purple veil wrapped around her head, to hide Heaven knows what deficiency. She examined the empty egg-nog glass, inquired what the evening paper had said about the weather, and then stalked into the dressing-room, and prepared, with much ostentatious creaking, to sit up all night.  We fell silent again, while McKnight traced a rough outline of the berths on the white table-cover, and puzzled it out slowly. It was something like this:             ____________________________________            |     12     |    10     |     8     |            |____________|___________|___________|            |_______________AISLE________________|            |     11     |    9      |     7     |            |____________|___________|___________|  "You think he changed the tags on seven and nine, so that when you went back to bed you thought you were crawling into nine, when it was really seven, eh?"  "Probably-yes."  "Then toward morning, when everybody was asleep, your theory is that he changed the numbers again and left the train."  "I can't think of anything else," I replied wearily.  "Jove, what a game of bridge that fellow would play! It was like finessing an eight-spot and winning out. They would scarcely have doubted your story had the tags been reversed in the morning. He certainly left you in a bad way. Not a jury in the country would stand out against the stains, the stiletto, and the murdered man's pocket-book in your possession."  "Then you think Sullivan did it?" I asked.  "Of course," said McKnight confidently. "Unless you did it in your sleep. Look at the stains on his pillow, and the dirk stuck into it. And didn't he have the man Harrington's pocket-book?"  "But why did he go off without the money?" I persisted. "And where does the bronze-haired girl come in?"  "Search me," McKnight retorted flippantly. "Inflammation of the imagination on your part."  "Then there is the piece of telegram. It said lower ten, car seven. It's extremely likely that she had it. That telegram was about me, Richey."  "I'm getting a headache," he said, putting out his cigarette against the sole of his shoe. "All I'm certain of just now is that if there hadn't been a wreck, by this time you'd be sitting in an eight by ten cell, and feeling like the rhyme for it."  "But listen to this," I contended, as he picked up his hat, "this fellow Sullivan is a fugitive, and he's a lot more likely to make advances to Bronson than to us. We could have the case continued, release Bronson on bail and set a watch on him."  "Not my watch," McKnight protested. "It's a family heirloom."  "You'd better go home," I said firmly. "Go home and go to bed. You're sleepy. You can have Sullivan's red necktie to dream over if you think it will help any."  Mrs. Klopton's voice came drowsily from the next room, punctuated by a yawn. "Oh, I forgot to tell you," she called, with the suspicious lisp which characterizes her at night, "somebody called up about noon, Mr. Lawrence. It was long distance, and he said he would call again. The name was"--she yawned--"Sullivan."       I have always smiled at those cases of spontaneous combustion which, like fusing the component parts of a seidlitz powder, unite two people in a bubbling and ephemeral ecstasy. But surely there is possible, with but a single meeting, an attraction so great, a community of mind and interest so strong, that between that first meeting and the next the bond may grow into something stronger. This is especially true, I fancy, of people with temperament, the modern substitute for imagination. It is a nice question whether lovers begin to love when they are together, or when they are apart.  Not that I followed any such line of reasoning at the time. I would not even admit my folly to myself. But during the restless hours of that first night after the accident, when my back ached with lying on it, and any other position was torture, I found my thoughts constantly going back to Alison West. I dropped into a doze, to dream of touching her fingers again to comfort her, and awoke to find I had patted a teaspoonful of medicine out of Mrs. Klopton's indignant hand. What was it McKnight had said about making an egregious ass of myself?  And that brought me back to Richey, and I fancy I groaned. There is no use expatiating on the friendship between two men who have gone together through college, have quarreled and made it up, fussed together over politics and debated creeds for years: men don't need to be told, and women can not understand. Nevertheless, I groaned. If it had been any one but Rich!  Some things were mine, however, and I would hold them: the halcyon breakfast, the queer hat, the pebble in her small shoe, the gold bag with the broken chain--the bag! Why, it was in my pocket at that moment.  I got up painfully and found my coat. Yes, there was the purse, bulging with an opulent suggestion of wealth inside. I went back to bed again, somewhat dizzy, between effort and the touch of the trinket, so lately hers. I held it up by its broken chain and gloated over it. By careful attention to orders, I ought to be out in a day or so. Then--I could return it to her. I really ought to do that: it was valuable, and I wouldn't care to trust it to the mail. I could run down to Richmond, and see her once--there was no disloyalty to Rich in that.  I had no intention of opening the little bag. I put it under my pillow--which was my reason for refusing to have the linen slips changed, to Mrs. Klopton's dismay. And sometimes during the morning, while I lay under a virgin field of white, ornamented with strange flowers, my cigarettes hidden beyond discovery, and Science and Health on a table by my elbow, as if by the merest accident, I slid my hand under my pillow and touched it reverently.  McKnight came in about eleven. I heard his car at the curb, followed almost immediately by his slam at the front door, and his usual clamor on the stairs. He had a bottle under his arm, rightly surmising that I had been forbidden stimulant, and a large box of cigarettes in his pocket, suspecting my deprivation.  "Well," he said cheerfully. "How did you sleep after keeping me up half the night?"  I slid my hand around: the purse was well covered. "Have it now, or wait till I get the cork out?" he rattled on.  "I don't want anything," I protested. "I wish you wouldn't be so darned cheerful, Richey." He stopped whistling to stare at me.  "'I am saddest when I sing!'" he quoted unctuously. "It's pure reaction, Lollie. Yesterday the sky was low: I was digging for my best friend. To-day--he lies before me, his peevish self. Yesterday I thought the notes were burned: to-day--I look forward to a good cross-country chase, and with luck we will draw." His voice changed suddenly. "Yesterday--she was in Seal Harbor. To-day--she is here."  "Here in Washington?" I asked, as naturally as I could.  "Yes. Going to stay a week or two."       "Oh, I had a little hen and she had a wooden leg      And nearly every morning she used to lay an egg--"  "Will you stop that racket, Rich! It's the real thing this time, I suppose?"       "She's the best little chicken that we have on the farm      And another little drink won't do us any harm--"  he finished, twisting out the corkscrew. Then he came over and sat down on the bed.  "Well," he said judicially, "since you drag it from me, I think perhaps it is. You--you're such a confirmed woman-hater that I hardly knew how you would take it."  "Nothing of the sort," I denied testily. "Because a man reaches the age of thirty without making maudlin love to every--"  "I've taken to long country rides," he went on reflectively, without listening to me, "and yesterday I ran over a sheep; nearly went into the ditch. But there's a Providence that watches over fools and lovers, and just now I know darned well that I'm one, and I have a sneaking idea I'm both."  "You are both," I said with disgust. "If you can be rational for one moment, I wish you would tell me why that man Sullivan called me over the telephone yesterday morning."  "Probably hadn't yet discovered the Bronson notes--providing you hold to your theory that the theft was incidental to the murder. May have wanted his own clothes again, or to thank you for yours. Search me: I can't think of anything else." The doctor came in just then.  As I said before, I think a lot of my doctor--when I am ill. He is a young man, with an air of breezy self-confidence and good humor. He looked directly past the bottle, which is a very valuable accomplishment, and shook hands with McKnight until I could put the cigarettes under the bedclothes. He had interdicted tobacco. Then he sat down beside the bed and felt around the bandages with hands as gentle as a baby's.  "Pretty good shape," he said. "How did you sleep?"  "Oh, occasionally," I replied. "I would like to sit up, doctor."  "Nonsense. Take a rest while you have an excuse for it. I wish to thunder I could stay in bed for a day or so. I was up all night."  "Have a drink," McKnight said, pushing over the bottle.  "Twins!" The doctor grinned.  "Have two drinks."  But the medical man refused.  "I wouldn't even wear a champagne-colored necktie during business hours," he explained. "By the way, I had another case from your accident, Mr. Blakeley, late yesterday afternoon. Under the tongue, please." He stuck a thermometer in my mouth.  I had a sudden terrible vision of the amateur detective coming to light, note-book, cheerful impertinence and incriminating data. "A small man?"  I demanded, "gray hair--"  "Keep your mouth closed," the doctor said peremptorily. "No. A woman, with a fractured skull. Beautiful case. Van Kirk was up to his eyes and sent for me. Hemorrhage, right-sided paralysis, irregular pupils--all the trimmings. Worked for two hours."  "Did she recover?" McKnight put in. He was examining the doctor with a new awe.  "She lifted her right arm before I left," the doctor finished cheerily, "so the operation was a success, even if she should die."  "Good Heavens," McKnight broke in, "and I thought you were just an ordinary mortal, like the rest of us! Let me touch you for luck. Was she pretty?"  "Yes, and young. Had a wealth of bronze-colored hair. Upon my soul, I hated to cut it."  McKnight and I exchanged glances.  "Do you know her name, doctor?" I asked.  "No. The nurses said her clothes came from a Pittsburg tailor."  "She is not conscious, I suppose?"  "No; she may be, to-morrow--or in a week."  He looked at the thermometer, murmured something about liquid diet, avoiding my eye--Mrs. Klopton was broiling a chop at the time--and took his departure, humming cheerfully as he went down-stairs. McKnight looked after him wistfully.  "Jove, I wish I had his constitution," he exclaimed. "Neither nerves nor heart! What a chauffeur he would make!"  But I was serious.  "I have an idea," I said grimly, "that this small matter of the murder is going to come up again, and that your uncle will be in the deuce of a fix if it does. If that woman is going to die, somebody ought to be around to take her deposition. She knows a lot, if she didn't do it herself. I wish you would go down to the telephone and get the hospital. Find out her name, and if she is conscious."  McKnight went under protest. "I haven't much time," he said, looking at his watch. "I'm to meet Mrs. West and Alison at one. I want you to know them, Lollie. You would like the mother."  "Why not the daughter?" I inquired. I touched the little gold bag under the pillow.  "Well," he said judicially, "you've always declared against the immaturity and romantic nonsense of very young women--"  "I never said anything of the sort," I retorted furiously.  "'There is more satisfaction to be had out of a good saddle horse!'" he quoted me. "'More excitement out of a polo pony, and as for the eternal matrimonial chase, give me instead a good stubble, a fox, some decent hounds and a hunter, and I'll show you the real joys of the chase!'"  "For Heaven's sake, go down to the telephone, you make my head ache," I said savagely.  I hardly know what prompted me to take out the gold purse and look at it. It was an imbecile thing to do--call it impulse, sentimentality, what you wish. I brought it out, one eye on the door, for Mrs. Klopton has a ready eye and a noiseless shoe. But the house was quiet. Down-stairs McKnight was flirting with the telephone central and there was an odor of boneset tea in the air. I think Mrs. Klopton was fascinated out of her theories by the "boneset" in connection with the fractured arm.  Anyhow, I held up the bag and looked at it. It must have been unfastened, for the next instant there was an avalanche on the snowfield of the counterpane--some money, a wisp of a handkerchief, a tiny booklet with thin leaves, covered with a powdery substance--and a necklace. I drew myself up slowly and stared at the necklace.  It was one of the semi-barbaric affairs that women are wearing now, a heavy pendant of gold chains and carved cameos, swung from a thin neck chain of the same metal. The necklace was broken: in three places the links were pulled apart and the cameos swung loose and partly detached. But it was the supporting chain that held my eye and fascinated with its sinister suggestion. Three inches of it had been snapped off, and as well as I knew anything on earth, I knew that the bit of chain that the amateur detective had found, blood-stain and all, belonged just there.  And there was no one I could talk to about it, no one to tell me how hideously absurd it was, no one to give me a slap and tell me there are tons of fine gold chains made every year, or to point out the long arm of coincidence!  With my one useful hand I fumbled the things back into the bag and thrust it deep out of sight among the pillows. Then I lay back in a cold perspiration. What connection had Alison West with this crime? Why had she stared so at the gun-metal cigarette case that morning on the train? of their face value."  "In cash?"  "In cash."  "But the man who did it--he would be known?"  "Yes.  I tell you both, as sure as I stand here, I believe that Paul Armstrong looted his own bank.  I believe he has a million at least, as the result, and that he will never come back.  I'm worse than a pauper now.  I can't ask Louise to share nothing a year with me and when I think of this disgrace for her, I'm crazy."  The most ordinary events of life seemed pregnant with possibilities that day, and when Halsey was called to the telephone, I ceased all pretense at eating.  When he came back from the telephone his face showed that something had occurred. He waited, however, until Thomas left the dining-room: then he told us.  "Paul Armstrong is dead," he announced gravely.  "He died this morning in California.  Whatever he did, he is beyond the law now."  Gertrude turned pale.  "And the only man who could have cleared Jack can never do it!" she said despairingly.  "Also," I replied coldly, "Mr. Armstrong is for ever beyond the power of defending himself.  When your Jack comes to me, with some two hundred thousand dollars in his hands, which is about what you have lost, I shall believe him innocent."  Halsey threw his cigarette away and turned on me.  "There you go!" he exclaimed.  "If he was the thief, he could return the money, of course.  If he is innocent, he probably hasn't a tenth of that amount in the world.  In his hands! That's like a woman."  Gertrude, who had been pale and despairing during the early part of the conversation, had flushed an indignant red.  She got up and drew herself to her slender height, looking down at me with the scorn of the young and positive.  "You are the only mother I ever had," she said tensely.  "I have given you all I would have given my mother, had she lived--my love, my trust. And now, when I need you most, you fail me.  I tell you, John Bailey is a good man, an honest man.  If you say he is not, you--you--"  "Gertrude," Halsey broke in sharply.  She dropped beside the table and, burying her face in her arms broke into a storm of tears.  "I love him--love him," she sobbed, in a surrender that was totally unlike her.  "Oh, I never thought it would be like this. I can't bear it. I can't."  Halsey and I stood helpless before the storm.  I would have tried to comfort her, but she had put me away, and there was something aloof in her grief, something new and strange.  At last, when her sorrow had subsided to the dry shaking sobs of a tired child, without raising her head she put out one groping hand.  "Aunt Ray!" she whispered.  In a moment I was on my knees beside her, her arm around my neck, her cheek against my hair.  "Where am I in this?" Halsey said suddenly and tried to put his arms around us both.  It was a welcome distraction, and Gertrude was soon herself again.  The little storm had cleared the air. Nevertheless, my opinion remained unchanged.  There was much to be cleared up before I would consent to any renewal of my acquaintance with John Bailey.  And Halsey and Gertrude knew it, knowing me.     It was about half-past eight when we left the dining-room and still engrossed with one subject, the failure of the bank and its attendant evils Halsey and I went out into the grounds for a stroll Gertrude followed us shortly.  "The light was thickening," to appropriate Shakespeare's description of twilight, and once again the tree-toads and the crickets were making night throb with their tiny life.  It was almost oppressively lonely, in spite of its beauty, and I felt a sickening pang of homesickness for my city at night--for the clatter of horses' feet on cemented paving, for the lights, the voices, the sound of children playing.  The country after dark oppresses me.  The stars, quite eclipsed in the city by the electric lights, here become insistent, assertive.  Whether I want to or not, I find myself looking for the few I know by name, and feeling ridiculously new and small by contrast--always an unpleasant sensation.  After Gertrude joined us, we avoided any further mention of the murder. To Halsey, as to me, there was ever present, I am sure, the thought of our conversation of the night before.  As we strolled back and forth along the drive, Mr. Jamieson emerged from the shadow of the trees.  "Good evening," he said, managing to include Gertrude in his bow.  Gertrude had never been even ordinarily courteous to him, and she nodded coldly.  Halsey, however, was more cordial, although we were all constrained enough.  He and Gertrude went on together, leaving the detective to walk with me.  As soon as they were out of earshot, he turned to me.  "Do you know, Miss Innes," he said, "the deeper I go into this thing, the more strange it seems to me.  I am very sorry for Miss Gertrude. It looks as if Bailey, whom she has tried so hard to save, is worse than a rascal; and after her plucky fight for him, it seems hard."  I looked through the dusk to where Gertrude's light dinner dress gleamed among the trees.  She HAD made a plucky fight, poor child. Whatever she might have been driven to do, I could find nothing but a deep sympathy for her.  If she had only come to me with the whole truth then!  "Miss Innes," Mr. Jamieson was saying, "in the last three days, have you seen a--any suspicious figures around the grounds? Any--woman?"  "No," I replied.  "I have a houseful of maids that will bear watching, one and all.  But there has been no strange woman near the house or Liddy would have seen her, you may be sure.  She has a telescopic eye."  Mr. Jamieson looked thoughtful.  "It may not amount to anything," he said slowly.  "It is difficult to get any perspective on things around here, because every one down in the village is sure he saw the murderer, either before or since the crime.  And half of them will stretch a point or two as to facts, to be obliging.  But the man who drives the hack down there tells a story that may possibly prove to be important."  "I have heard it, I think.  Was it the one the parlor maid brought up yesterday, about a ghost wringing its hands on the roof?  Or perhaps it's the one the milk-boy heard: a tramp washing a dirty shirt, presumably bloody, in the creek below the bridge?"  I could see the gleam of Mr. Jamieson's teeth, as he smiled.  "Neither," he said.  "But Matthew Geist, which is our friend's name, claims that on Saturday night, at nine-thirty, a veiled lady--"  "I knew it would be a veiled lady," I broke in.  "A veiled lady," he persisted, "who was apparently young and beautiful, engaged his hack and asked to be driven to Sunnyside. Near the gate, however, she made him stop, in spite of his remonstrances, saying she preferred to walk to the house.  She paid him, and he left her there. Now, Miss Innes, you had no such visitor, I believe?"  "None," I said decidedly.  "Geist thought it might be a maid, as you had got a supply that day. But he said her getting out near the gate puzzled him. Anyhow, we have now one veiled lady, who, with the ghostly intruder of Friday night, makes two assets that I hardly know what to do with."  "It is mystifying," I admitted, "although I can think of one possible explanation.  The path from the Greenwood Club to the village enters the road near the lodge gate.  A woman who wished to reach the Country Club, unperceived, might choose such a method.  There are plenty of women there."  I think this gave him something to ponder, for in a short time he said good night and left.  But I myself was far from satisfied. I was determined, however, on one thing.  If my suspicions--for I had suspicions--were true, I would make my own investigations, and Mr. Jamieson should learn only what was good for him to know.  We went back to the house, and Gertrude, who was more like herself since her talk with Halsey, sat down at the mahogany desk in the living-room to write a letter.  Halsey prowled up and down the entire east wing, now in the card-room, now in the billiard-room, and now and then blowing his clouds of tobacco smoke among the pink and gold hangings of the drawing-room.  After a little I joined him in the billiard-room, and together we went over the details of the discovery of the body.  The card-room was quite dark.  Where we sat, in the billiard-room, only one of the side brackets was lighted, and we spoke in subdued tones, as the hour and the subject seemed to demand. When I spoke of the figure Liddy and I had seen on the porch through the card-room window Friday night, Halsey sauntered into the darkened room, and together we stood there, much as Liddy and I had done that other night.  The window was the same grayish rectangle in the blackness as before. A few feet away in the hall was the spot where the body of Arnold Armstrong had been found.  I was a bit nervous, and I put my hand on Halsey's sleeve.  Suddenly, from the top of the staircase above us came the sound of a cautious footstep.  At first I was not sure, but Halsey's attitude told me he had heard and was listening.  The step, slow, measured, infinitely cautious, was nearer now.  Halsey tried to loosen my fingers, but I was in a paralysis of fright.  The swish of a body against the curving rail, as if for guidance, was plain enough, and now whoever it was had reached the foot of the staircase and had caught a glimpse of our rigid silhouettes against the billiard-room doorway.  Halsey threw me off then and strode forward.  "Who is it?" he called imperiously, and took a half dozen rapid strides toward the foot of the staircase.  Then I heard him mutter something; there was the crash of a falling body, the slam of the outer door, and, for an instant, quiet.  I screamed, I think.  Then I remember turning on the lights and finding Halsey, white with fury, trying to untangle himself from something warm and fleecy.  He had cut his forehead a little on the lowest step of the stairs, and he was rather a ghastly sight.  He flung the white object at me, and, jerking open the outer door, raced into the darkness.  Gertrude had come on hearing the noise, and now we stood, staring at each other over--of all things on earth--a white silk and wool blanket, exquisitely fine!  It was the most unghostly thing in the world, with its lavender border and its faint scent. Gertrude was the first to speak.  "Somebody--had it?" she asked.  "Yes.  Halsey tried to stop whoever it was and fell.  Gertrude, that blanket is not mine.  I have never seen before."  She held it up and looked at it: then she went to the door on to the veranda and threw it open.  Perhaps a hundred feet from the house were two figures, that moved slowly toward us as we looked.  When they came within range of the light, I recognized Halsey, and with him Mrs. Watson, the housekeeper.     The most commonplace incident takes on a new appearance if the attendant circumstances are unusual.  There was no reason on earth why Mrs. Watson should not have carried a blanket down the east wing staircase, if she so desired.  But to take a blanket down at eleven o'clock at night, with every precaution as to noise, and, when discovered, to fling it at Halsey and bolt--Halsey's word, and a good one--into the grounds,--this made the incident more than significant.  They moved slowly across the lawn and up the steps.  Halsey was talking quietly, and Mrs. Watson was looking down and listening. She was a woman of a certain amount of dignity, most efficient, so far as I could see, although Liddy would have found fault if she dared.  But just now Mrs. Watson's face was an enigma.  She was defiant, I think, under her mask of submission, and she still showed the effect of nervous shock.  "Mrs. Watson," I said severely, "will you be so good as to explain this rather unusual occurrence?"  "I don't think it so unusual, Miss Innes."  Her voice was deep and very clear: just now it was somewhat tremulous.  "I was taking a blanket down to Thomas, who is--not well to-night, and I used this staircase, as being nearer the path to the lodge. When--Mr. Innes called and then rushed at me, I--I was alarmed, and flung the blanket at him."  Halsey was examining the cut on his forehead in a small mirror on the wall.  It was not much of an injury, but it had bled freely, and his appearance was rather terrifying.  "Thomas ill?" he said, over his shoulder.  "Why, _I_ thought I saw Thomas out there as you made that cyclonic break out of the door and over the porch."  I could see that under pretense of examining his injury he was watching her through the mirror.  "Is this one of the servants' blankets, Mrs. Watson?" I asked, holding up its luxurious folds to the light.  "Everything else is locked away," she replied.  Which was true enough, no doubt.  I had rented the house without bed furnishings.  "If Thomas is ill," Halsey said, "some member of the family ought to go down to see him.  You needn't bother, Mrs. Watson.  I will take the blanket."  She drew herself up quickly, as if in protest, but she found nothing to say.  She stood smoothing the folds of her dead black dress, her face as white as chalk above it.  Then she seemed to make up her mind.  "Very well, Mr. Innes," she said.  "Perhaps you would better go. I have done all I could."  And then she turned and went up the circular staircase, moving slowly and with a certain dignity.  Below, the three of us stared at one another across the intervening white blanket.  "Upon my word," Halsey broke out, "this place is a walking nightmare. I have the feeling that we three outsiders who have paid our money for the privilege of staying in this spook-factory, are living on the very top of things.  We're on the lid, so to speak.  Now and then we get a sight of the things inside, but we are not a part of them."  "Do you suppose," Gertrude asked doubtfully, "that she really meant that blanket for Thomas?"  "Thomas was standing beside that magnolia tree," Halsey replied, "when I ran after Mrs. Watson.  It's down to this, Aunt Ray. Rosie's basket and Mrs. Watson's blanket can only mean one thing: there is somebody hiding or being hidden in the lodge.  It wouldn't surprise me if we hold the key to the whole situation now.  Anyhow, I'm going to the lodge to investigate."  Gertrude wanted to go, too, but she looked so shaken that I insisted she should not.  I sent for Liddy to help her to bed, and then Halsey and I started for the lodge.  The grass was heavy with dew, and, man-like, Halsey chose the shortest way across the lawn.  Half-way, however, he stopped.  "We'd better go by the drive," he said.  "This isn't a lawn; it's a field.  Where's the gardener these days?"  "There isn't any," I said meekly.  "We have been thankful enough, so far, to have our meals prepared and served and the beds aired. The gardener who belongs here is working at the club."  "Remind me to-morrow to send out a man from town," he said.  "I know the very fellow."  I record this scrap of conversation, just as I have tried to put down anything and everything that had a bearing on what followed, because the gardener Halsey sent the next day played an important part in the events of the next few weeks--events that culminated, as you know, by stirring the country profoundly.  At that time, however, I was busy trying to keep my skirts dry, and paid little or no attention to what seemed then a most trivial remark.  Along the drive I showed Halsey where I had found Rosie's basket with the bits of broken china piled inside.  He was rather skeptical.  "Warner probably," he said when I had finished.  "Began it as a joke on Rosie, and ended by picking up the broken china out of the road, knowing it would play hob with the tires of the car." Which shows how near one can come to the truth, and yet miss it altogether.  At the lodge everything was quiet.  There was a light in the sitting-room down-stairs, and a faint gleam, as if from a shaded lamp, in one of the upper rooms.  Halsey stopped and examined the lodge with calculating eyes.  "I don't know, Aunt Ray," he said dubiously; "this is hardly a woman's affair.  If there's a scrap of any kind, you hike for the timber." Which was Halsey's solicitous care for me, put into vernacular.  "I shall stay right here," I said, and crossing the small veranda, now shaded and fragrant with honeysuckle, I hammered the knocker on the door.  Thomas opened the door himself--Thomas, fully dressed and in his customary health.  I had the blanket over my arm.  "I brought the blanket, Thomas," I said; "I am sorry you are so ill."  The old man stood staring at me and then at the blanket.  His confusion under other circumstances would have been ludicrous.  "What!  Not ill?" Halsey said from the step.  "Thomas, I'm afraid you've been malingering."  Thomas seemed to have been debating something with himself.  Now he stepped out on the porch and closed the door gently behind him.  "I reckon you bettah come in, Mis' Innes," he said, speaking cautiously.  "It's got so I dunno what to do, and it's boun' to come out some time er ruther."  He threw the door open then, and I stepped inside, Halsey close behind. In the sitting-room the old negro turned with quiet dignity to Halsey.  "You bettah sit down, sah," he said.  "It's a place for a woman, sah."  Things were not turning out the way Halsey expected.  He sat down on the center-table, with his hands thrust in his pockets, and watched me as I followed Thomas up the narrow stairs.  At the top a woman was standing, and a second glance showed me it was Rosie.  She shrank back a little, but I said nothing.  And then Thomas motioned to a partly open door, and I went in.  The lodge boasted three bedrooms up-stairs, all comfortably furnished. In this one, the largest and airiest, a night lamp was burning, and by its light I could make out a plain white metal bed.  A girl was asleep there--or in a half stupor, for she muttered something now and then. Rosie had taken her courage in her hands, and coming in had turned up the light.  It was only then that I knew.  Fever-flushed, ill as she was, I recognized Louise Armstrong.  I stood gazing down at her in a stupor of amazement.  Louise here, hiding at the lodge, ill and alone!  Rosie came up to the bed and smoothed the white counterpane.  "I am afraid she is worse to-night," she ventured at last. I put my hand on the sick girl's forehead.  It was burning with fever, and I turned to where Thomas lingered in the hallway.  "Will you tell me what you mean, Thomas Johnson, by not telling me this before?" I demanded indignantly.  Thomas quailed.  "Mis' Louise wouldn' let me," he said earnestly.  "I wanted to. She ought to 'a' had a doctor the night she came, but she wouldn' hear to it.  Is she--is she very bad, Mis' Innes?"  "Bad enough," I said coldly.  "Send Mr. Innes up."  Halsey came up the stairs slowly, looking rather interested and inclined to be amused.  For a moment he could not see anything distinctly in the darkened room; he stopped, glanced at Rosie and at me, and then his eyes fell on the restless head on the pillow.  I think he felt who it was before he really saw her; he crossed the room in a couple of strides and bent over the bed. "I should think it hardly possible," he admitted.  "To be perfectly frank, Miss Innes, I can not think of any reason whatever for his coming here as he did.  He had been staying at the club-house across the valley for the last week, Jarvis tells me, but that only explains how he came here, not why.  It is a most unfortunate family."  He shook his head despondently, and I felt that this dried-up little man was the repository of much that he had not told me.  I gave up trying to elicit any information from him, and we went together to view the body before it was taken to the city.  It had been lifted on to the billiard-table and a sheet thrown over it; otherwise nothing had been touched.  A soft hat lay beside it, and the collar of the dinner-coat was still turned up.  The handsome, dissipated face of Arnold Armstrong, purged of its ugly lines, was now only pathetic.  As we went in Mrs. Watson appeared at the card-room door.  "Come in, Mrs. Watson," the lawyer said.  But she shook her head and withdrew: she was the only one in the house who seemed to regret the dead man, and even she seemed rather shocked than sorry.  I went to the door at the foot of the circular staircase and opened it. If I could only have seen Halsey coming at his usual hare-brained clip up the drive, if I could have heard the throb of the motor, I would have felt that my troubles were over.  But there was nothing to be seen.  The countryside lay sunny and quiet in its peaceful Sunday afternoon calm, and far down the drive Mr. Jamieson was walking slowly, stooping now and then, as if to examine the road.  When I went back, Mr. Harton was furtively wiping his eyes.  "The prodigal has come home, Miss Innes," he said.  "How often the sins of the fathers are visited on the children!"  Which left me pondering.  Before Mr. Harton left, he told me something of the Armstrong family. Paul Armstrong, the father, had been married twice. Arnold was a son by the first marriage.  The second Mrs. Armstrong had been a widow, with a child, a little girl.  This child, now perhaps twenty, was Louise Armstrong, having taken her stepfather's name, and was at present in California with the family.  "They will probably return at once," he concluded "sad part of my errand here to-day is to see if you will relinquish your lease here in their favor."  "We would better wait and see if they wish to come," I said. "It seems unlikely, and my town house is being remodeled."  At that he let the matter drop, but it came up unpleasantly enough, later.  At six o'clock the body was taken away, and at seven-thirty, after an early dinner, Mr. Harton went.  Gertrude had not come down, and there was no news of Halsey.  Mr. Jamieson had taken a lodging in the village, and I had not seen him since mid-afternoon.  It was about nine o'clock, I think, when the bell rang and he was ushered into the living-room.  "Sit down," I said grimly.  "Have you found a clue that will incriminate me, Mr. Jamieson?"  He had the grace to look uncomfortable.  "No," he said.  "If you had killed Mr. Armstrong, you would have left no clues.  You would have had too much intelligence."  After that we got along better.  He was fishing in his pocket, and after a minute he brought out two scraps of paper.  "I have been to the club-house," he said, "and among Mr. Armstrong's effects, I found these.  One is curious; the other is puzzling."  The first was a sheet of club note-paper, on which was written, over and over, the name "Halsey B. Innes."  It was Halsey's flowing signature to a dot, but it lacked Halsey's ease.  The ones toward the bottom of the sheet were much better than the top ones.  Mr. Jamieson smiled at my face.  "His old tricks," he said.  "That one is merely curious; this one, as I said before, is puzzling."  The second scrap, folded and refolded into a compass so tiny that the writing had been partly obliterated, was part of a letter--the lower half of a sheet, not typed, but written in a cramped hand.   "----by altering the plans for----rooms, may be possible.  The best way, in my opinion, would be to----the plan for----in one of the----rooms----chimney."   That was all.  "Well?" I said, looking up.  "There is nothing in that, is there? A man ought to be able to change the plan of his house without becoming an object of suspicion."  "There is little in the paper itself," he admitted; "but why should Arnold Armstrong carry that around, unless it meant something?  He never built a house, you may be sure of that.  If it is this house, it may mean anything, from a secret room--"  "To an extra bath-room," I said scornfully.  "Haven't you a thumb-print, too?"  "I have," he said with a smile, "and the print of a foot in a tulip bed, and a number of other things.  The oddest part is, Miss Innes, that the thumb-mark is probably yours and the footprint certainly."  His audacity was the only thing that saved me: his amused smile put me on my mettle, and I ripped out a perfectly good scallop before I answered.  "Why did I step into the tulip bed?" I asked with interest.  "You picked up something," he said good-humoredly, "which you are going to tell me about later."  "Am I, indeed?" I was politely curious.  "With this remarkable insight of yours, I wish you would tell me where I shall find my four-thousand-dollar motor car."  "I was just coming to that," he said.  "You will find it about thirty miles away, at Andrews Station, in a blacksmith shop, where it is being repaired."  I laid down my knitting then and looked at him.  "And Halsey?" I managed to say.  "We are going to exchange information," he said "I am going to tell you that, when you tell me what you picked up in the tulip bed."  We looked steadily at each other: it was not an unfriendly stare; we were only measuring weapons.  Then he smiled a little and got up.  "With your permission," he said, "I am going to examine the card-room and the staircase again.  You might think over my offer in the meantime."  He went on through the drawing-room, and I listened to his footsteps growing gradually fainter.  I dropped my pretense at knitting and, leaning back, I thought over the last forty-eight hours.  Here was I, Rachel Innes, spinster, a granddaughter of old John Innes of Revolutionary days, a D. A. R., a Colonial Dame, mixed up with a vulgar and revolting crime, and even attempting to hoodwink the law! Certainly I had left the straight and narrow way.  I was roused by hearing Mr. Jamieson coming rapidly back through the drawing-room.  He stopped at the door.  "Miss Innes," he said quickly, "will you come with me and light the east corridor?  I have fastened somebody in the small room at the head of the card-room stairs."  I jumped! up at once.  "You mean--the murderer?" I gasped.  "Possibly," he said quietly, as we hurried together up the stairs. "Some one was lurking on the staircase when I went back. I spoke; instead of an answer, whoever it was turned and ran up. I followed--it was dark--but as I turned the corner at the top a figure darted through this door and closed it.  The bolt was on my side, and I pushed it forward.  It is a closet, I think."  We were in the upper hall now. "If you will show me the electric switch, Miss Innes, you would better wait in your own room."  Trembling as I was, I was determined to see that door opened.  I hardly knew what I feared, but so many terrible and inexplicable things had happened that suspense was worse than certainty.  "I am perfectly cool," I said, "and I am going to remain here."  The lights flashed up along that end of the corridor, throwing the doors into relief.  At the intersection of the small hallway with the larger, the circular staircase wound its way up, as if it had been an afterthought of the architect.  And just around the corner, in the small corridor, was the door Mr. Jamieson had indicated.  I was still unfamiliar with the house, and I did not remember the door.  My heart was thumping wildly in my ears, but I nodded to him to go ahead.  I was perhaps eight or ten feet away--and then he threw the bolt back.  "Come out," he said quietly.  There was no response.  "Come--out," he repeated.  Then--I think he had a revolver, but I am not sure--he stepped aside and threw the door open.  From where I stood I could not see beyond the door, but I saw Mr. Jamieson's face change and heard him mutter something, then he bolted down the stairs, three at a time.  When my knees had stopped shaking, I moved forward, slowly, nervously, until I had a partial view of what was beyond the door.  It seemed at first to be a closet, empty.  Then I went close and examined it, to stop with a shudder.  Where the floor should have been was black void and darkness, from which came the indescribable, damp smell of the cellars.  Mr. Jamieson had locked somebody in the clothes chute.  As I leaned over I fancied I heard a groan--or was it the wind?     I was panic-stricken.  As I ran along the corridor I was confident that the mysterious intruder and probable murderer had been found, and that he lay dead or dying at the foot of the chute.  I got down the staircase somehow, and through the kitchen to the basement stairs.  Mr. Jamieson had been before me, and the door stood open.  Liddy was standing in the middle of the kitchen, holding a frying-pan by the handle as a weapon.  "Don't go down there," she yelled, when she saw me moving toward the basement stairs.  "Don't you do it, Miss Rachel.  That Jamieson's down there now.  There's only trouble comes of hunting ghosts; they lead you into bottomless pits and things like that. Oh, Miss Rachel, don't--" as I tried to get past her.  She was interrupted by Mr. Jamieson's reappearance.  He ran up the stairs two at a time, and his face was flushed and furious.  "The whole place is locked," he said angrily.  "Where's the laundry key kept?"  "It's kept in the door," Liddy snapped.  "That whole end of the cellar is kept locked, so nobody can get at the clothes, and then the key's left in the door? so that unless a thief was as blind as--as some detectives, he could walk right in."  "Liddy," I said sharply, "come down with us and turn on all the lights."  She offered her resignation, as usual, on the spot, but I took her by the arm, and she came along finally.  She switched on all the lights and pointed to a door just ahead.  "That's the door," she said sulkily.  "The key's in it."  But the key was not in it.  Mr. Jamieson shook it, but it was a heavy door, well locked.  And then he stooped and began punching around the keyhole with the end of a lead-pencil.  When he stood up his face was exultant.  "It's locked on the inside," he said in a low tone.  "There is somebody in there."  "Lord have mercy!" gasped Liddy, and turned to run.  "Liddy," I called, "go through the house at once and see who is missing, or if any one is.  We'll have to clear this thing at once. Mr. Jamieson, if you will watch here I will go to the lodge and find Warner.  Thomas would be of no use.  Together you may be able to force the door."  "A good idea," he assented.  "But--there are windows, of course, and there is nothing to prevent whoever is in there from getting out that way."  "Then lock the door at the top of the basement stairs," I suggested, "and patrol the house from the outside."  We agreed to this, and I had a feeling that the mystery of Sunnyside was about to be solved.  I ran down the steps and along the drive. Just at the corner I ran full tilt into somebody who seemed to be as much alarmed as I was.  It was not until I had recoiled a step or two that I recognized Gertrude, and she me.  "Good gracious, Aunt Ray," she exclaimed, "what is the matter?"  "There's somebody locked in the laundry," I panted.  "That is--unless--you didn't see any one crossing the lawn or skulking around the house, did you?"  "I think we have mystery on the brain," Gertrude said wearily. "No, I haven't seen any one, except old Thomas, who looked for all the world as if he had been ransacking the pantry.  What have you locked in the laundry?"  "I can't wait to explain," I replied.  "I must get Warner from the lodge.  If you came out for air, you'd better put on your overshoes." And then I noticed that Gertrude was limping--not much, but sufficiently to make her progress very slow, and seemingly painful.  "You have hurt yourself," I said sharply.  "I fell over the carriage block," she explained.  "I thought perhaps I might see Halsey coming home.  He--he ought to be here."  I hurried on down the drive.  The lodge was some distance from the house, in a grove of trees where the drive met the county road.  There were two white stone pillars to mark the entrance, but the iron gates, once closed and tended by the lodge-keeper, now stood permanently open. The day of the motor-car had come; no one had time for closed gates and lodge-keepers.  The lodge at Sunnyside was merely a sort of supplementary servants' quarters: it was as convenient in its appointments as the big house and infinitely more cozy.  As I went down the drive, my thoughts were busy.  Who would it be that Mr. Jamieson had trapped in the cellar?  Would we find a body or some one badly injured?  Scarcely either.  Whoever had fallen had been able to lock the laundry door on the inside.  If the fugitive had come from outside the house, how did he get in? If it was some member of the household, who could it have been? And then--a feeling of horror almost overwhelmed me.  Gertrude! Gertrude and her injured ankle!  Gertrude found limping slowly up the drive when I had thought she was in bed!  I tried to put the thought away, but it would not go.  If Gertrude had been on the circular staircase that night, why had she fled from Mr. Jamieson?  The idea, puzzling as it was, seemed borne out by this circumstance.  Whoever had taken refuge at the head of the stairs could scarcely have been familiar with the house, or with the location of the chute.  The mystery seemed to deepen constantly.  What possible connection could there be between Halsey and Gertrude, and the murder of Arnold Armstrong? And yet, every way I turned I seemed to find something that pointed to such a connection.  At the foot of the drive the road described a long, sloping, horseshoe-shaped curve around the lodge.  There were lights there, streaming cheerfully out on to the trees, and from an upper room came wavering shadows, as if some one with a lamp was moving around.  I had come almost silently in my evening slippers, and I had my second collision of the evening on the road just above the house.  I ran full into a man in a long coat, who was standing in the shadow beside the drive, with his back to me, watching the lighted windows.  "What the hell!" he ejaculated furiously, and turned around. When he saw me, however, he did not wait for any retort on my part.  He faded away--this is not slang; he did--he absolutely disappeared in the dusk without my getting more than a glimpse of his face.  I had a vague impression of unfamiliar features and of a sort of cap with a visor. Then he was gone.  I went to the lodge and rapped.  It required two or three poundings to bring Thomas to the door, and he opened it only an inch or so.  "Where is Warner?" I asked.  "I--I think he's in bed, ma'm."  "Get him up," I said, "and for goodness' sake open the door, Thomas. I'll wait for Warner."  "It's kind o' close in here, ma'm," he said, obeying gingerly, and disclosing a cool and comfortable looking interior.  "Perhaps you'd keer to set on the porch an' rest yo'self."  It was so evident that Thomas did not want me inside that I went in.  "Tell Warner he is needed in a hurry," I repeated, and turned into the little sitting-room.  I could hear Thomas going up the stairs, could hear him rouse Warner, and the steps of the chauffeur as he hurriedly dressed.  But my attention was busy with the room below.  On the center-table, open, was a sealskin traveling bag.  It was filled with gold-topped bottles and brushes, and it breathed opulence, luxury, femininity from every inch of surface.  How did it get there?  I was still asking myself the question when Warner came running down the stairs and into the room.  He was completely but somewhat incongruously dressed, and his open, boyish face looked abashed.  He was a country boy, absolutely frank and reliable, of fair education and intelligence--one of the small army of American youths who turn a natural aptitude for mechanics into the special field of the automobile, and earn good salaries in a congenial occupation.  "What is it, Miss Innes?" he asked anxiously.  "There is some one locked in the laundry," I replied.  "Mr. Jamieson wants you to help him break the lock.  Warner, whose bag is this?"  He was in the doorway by this time, and he pretended not to hear.  "Warner," I called, "come back here.  Whose bag is this?"  He stopped then, but he did not turn around.  "It's--it belongs to Thomas," he said, and fled up the drive.  To Thomas!  A London bag with mirrors and cosmetic jars of which Thomas could not even have guessed the use!  However, I put the bag in the back of my mind, which was fast becoming stored with anomalous and apparently irreconcilable facts, and followed Warner to the house.  Liddy had come back to the kitchen: the door to the basement stairs was double-barred, and had a table pushed against it; and beside her on the table was most of the kitchen paraphernalia.  "Did you see if there was any one missing in the house?" I asked, ignoring the array of sauce-pans rolling-pins, and the poker of the range.  "Rosie is missing," Liddy said with unction.  She had objected to Rosie, the parlor maid, from the start.  "Mrs. Watson went into her room, and found she had gone without her hat.  People that trust themselves a dozen miles from the city, in strange houses, with servants they don't know, needn't be surprised if they wake up some morning and find their throats cut."  After which carefully veiled sarcasm Liddy relapsed into gloom. Warner came in then with a handful of small tools, and Mr. Jamieson went with him to the basement.  Oddly enough, I was not alarmed.  With all my heart I wished for Halsey, but I was not frightened.  At the door he was to force, Warner put down his tools and looked at it.  Then he turned the handle.  Without the slightest difficulty the door opened, revealing the blackness of the drying-room beyond!  Mr. Jamieson gave an exclamation of disgust.  "Gone!" he said.  "Confound such careless work!  I might have known."  It was true enough.  We got the lights on finally and looked all through the three rooms that constituted this wing of the basement. Everything was quiet and empty.  An explanation of how the fugitive had escaped injury was found in a heaped-up basket of clothes under the chute.  The basket had been overturned, but that was all.  Mr. Jamieson examined the windows: one was unlocked, and offered an easy escape. The window or the door? Which way had the fugitive escaped?  The door seemed most probable, and I hoped it had been so. It was Stuart, our confidential clerk for the last half dozen years!  McKnight sat up and wiped his eyes.  "Stuart," he said sternly, "there are two very serious things we have learned about you. First, you jab your scarf pins into your cushion with your left hand, which is most reprehensible; second, you wear--er--night-shirts, instead of pajamas. Worse than that, perhaps, we find that one of them has a buttonhole torn out at the neck."  Stuart was bewildered. He looked from McKnight to me, and then at the crestfallen Hotchkiss.  "I haven't any idea what it's all about," he said. "I was arrested as I reached my boarding-house to-night, after the theater, and brought directly here. I told the officer it was a mistake."  Poor Hotchkiss tried bravely to justify the fiasco. "You can not deny,"  he contended, "that Mr. Andrew Bronson followed you to your rooms last Monday evening."  Stuart looked at us and flushed.  "No, I don't deny it," he said, "but there was nothing criminal about it, on my part, at least. Mr. Bronson has been trying to induce me to secure the forged notes for him. But I did not even know where they were."  "And you were not on the wrecked Washington Flier?" persisted Hotchkiss. But McKnight interfered.  "There is no use trying to put the other man's identity on Stuart, Mr. Hotchkiss," he protested. "He has been our confidential clerk for six years, and has not been away from the office a day for a year. I am afraid that the beautiful fabric we have pieced out of all these scraps is going to be a crazy quilt." His tone was facetious, but I could detect the undercurrent of real disappointment.  I paid the constable for his trouble, and he departed. Stuart, still indignant, left to go back to Washington Circle. He shook hands with McKnight and myself magnanimously, but he hurled a look of utter hatred at Hotchkiss, sunk crestfallen in his chair.  "As far as I can see," said McKnight dryly, "we're exactly as far along as we were the day we met at the Carter place. We're not a step nearer to finding our man."  "We have one thing that may be of value," I suggested. "He is the husband of a bronze-haired woman at Van Kirk's hospital, and it is just possible we may trace him through her. I hope we are not going to lose your valuable co-operation, Mr. Hotchkiss?" I asked.  He roused at that to feeble interest, "I--oh, of course not, if you still care to have me, I--I was wondering about--the man who just went out, Stuart, you say? I--told his landlady to-night that he wouldn't need the room again. I hope she hasn't rented it to somebody else."  We cheered him as best we could, and I suggested that we go to Baltimore the next day and try to find the real Sullivan through his wife. He left sometime after midnight, and Richey and I were alone.  He drew a chair near the lamp and lighted a cigarette, and for a time we were silent. I was in the shadow, and I sat back and watched him. It was not surprising, I thought, that she cared for him: women had always loved him, perhaps because he always loved them. There was no disloyalty in the thought: it was the lad's nature to give and crave affection. Only--I was different. I had never really cared about a girl before, and my life had been singularly loveless. I had fought a lonely battle always. Once before, in college, we had both laid ourselves and our callow devotions at the feet of the same girl. Her name was Dorothy--I had forgotten the rest--but I remembered the sequel. In a spirit of quixotic youth I had relinquished my claim in favor of Richey and had gone cheerfully on my way, elevated by my heroic sacrifice to a somber, white-hot martyrdom. As is often the case, McKnight's first words showed our parallel lines of thought.  "I say, Lollie," he asked, "do you remember Dorothy Browne?" Browne, that was it!  "Dorothy Browne?" I repeated. "Oh--why yes, I recall her now. Why?"  "Nothing," he said. "I was thinking about her. That's all. You remember you were crazy about her, and dropped back because she preferred me."  "I got out," I said with dignity, "because you declared you would shoot yourself if she didn't go with you to something or other!"  "Oh, why yes, I recall now!" he mimicked. He tossed his cigarette in the general direction of the hearth and got up. We were both a little conscious, and he stood with his back to me, fingering a Japanese vase on the mantel.  "I was thinking," he began, turning the vase around, "that, if you feel pretty well again, and--and ready to take hold, that I should like to go away for a week or so. Things are fairly well cleaned up at the office."  "Do you mean--you are going to Richmond?" I asked, after a scarcely perceptible pause. He turned and faced me, with his hands thrust in his pockets.  "No. That's off, Lollie. The Sieberts are going for a week's cruise along the coast. I--the hot weather has played hob with me and the cruise means seven days' breeze and bridge."  I lighted a cigarette and offered him the box, but he refused. He was looking haggard and suddenly tired. I could not think of anything to say, and neither could he, evidently. The matter between us lay too deep for speech.  "How's Candida?" he asked.  "Martin says a month, and she will be all right," I returned, in the same tone. He picked up his hat, but he had something more to say. He blurted it out, finally, half way to the door.  "The Seiberts are not going for a couple of days," he said, "and if you want a day or so off to go down to Richmond yourself--"  "Perhaps I shall," I returned, as indifferently as I could. "Not going yet, are you?"  "Yes. It is late." He drew in his breath as if he had something more to say, but the impulse passed. "Well, good night," he said from the doorway.  "Good night, old man."  The next moment the outer door slammed and I heard the engine of the Cannonball throbbing in the street. Then the quiet settled down around me again, and there in the lamplight I dreamed dreams. I was going to see her.  Suddenly the idea of being shut away, even temporarily, from so great and wonderful a world became intolerable. The possibility of arrest before I could get to Richmond was hideous, the night without end.  I made my escape the next morning through the stable back of the house, and then, by devious dark and winding ways, to the office. There, after a conference with Blobs, whose features fairly jerked with excitement, I double-locked the door of my private office and finished off some imperative work. By ten o'clock I was free, and for the twentieth time I consulted my train schedule. At five minutes after ten, with McKnight not yet in sight, Blobs knocked at the door, the double rap we had agreed upon, and on being admitted slipped in and quietly closed the door behind him. His eyes were glistening with excitement, and a purple dab of typewriter ink gave him a peculiarly villainous and stealthy expression.  "They're here," he said, "two of 'em, and that crazy Stuart wasn't on, and said you were somewhere in the building."  A door slammed outside, followed by steps on the uncarpeted outer office.  "This way," said Blobs, in a husky undertone, and, darting into a lavatory, threw open a door that I had always supposed locked. Thence into a back hall piled high with boxes and past the presses of a bookbindery to the freight elevator.  Greatly to Blobs' disappointment, there was no pursuit. I was exhilarated but out of breath when we emerged into an alleyway, and the sharp daylight shone on Blobs' excited face.  "Great sport, isn't it?" I panted, dropping a dollar into his palm, inked to correspond with his face. "Regular walk-away in the hundred-yard dash."  "Gimme two dollars more and I'll drop 'em down the elevator shaft," he suggested ferociously. I left him there with his blood-thirsty schemes, and started for the station. I had a tendency to look behind me now and then, but I reached the station unnoticed. The afternoon was hot, the train rolled slowly along, stopping to pant at sweltering stations, from whose roofs the heat rose in waves. But I noticed these things objectively, not subjectively, for at the end of the journey was a girl with blue eyes and dark brown hair, hair that could--had I not seen it?--hang loose in bewitching tangles or be twisted into little coils of delight.       I telephoned as soon as I reached my hotel, and I had not known how much I had hoped from seeing her until I learned that she was out of town. I hung up the receiver, almost dizzy with disappointment, and it was fully five minutes before I thought of calling up again and asking if she was within telephone reach. It seemed she was down on the bay staying with the Samuel Forbeses.  Sammy Forbes! It was a name to conjure with just then. In the old days at college I had rather flouted him, but now I was ready to take him to my heart. I remembered that he had always meant well, anyhow, and that he was explosively generous. I called him up.  "By the fumes of gasoline!" he said, when I told him who I was. "Blakeley, the Fount of Wisdom against Woman! Blakeley, the Great Unkissed! Welcome to our city!"  Whereupon he proceeded to urge me to come down to the Shack, and to say that I was an agreeable surprise, because four times in two hours youths had called up to ask if Alison West was stopping with him, and to suggest that they had a vacant day or two. "Oh--Miss West!" I shouted politely. There was a buzzing on the line. "Is she there?" Sam had no suspicions. Was not I in his mind always the Great Unkissed?--which sounds like the Great Unwashed and is even more of a reproach. He asked me down promptly, as I had hoped, and thrust aside my objections.  "Nonsense," he said. "Bring yourself. The lady that keeps my boarding-house is calling to me to insist. You remember Dorothy, don't you, Dorothy Browne? She says unless you have lost your figure you can wear my clothes all right. All you need here is a bathing suit for daytime and a dinner coat for evening."  "It sounds cool," I temporized. "If you are sure I won't put you out--very well, Sam, since you and your wife are good enough. I have a couple of days free. Give my love to Dorothy until I can do it myself."  Sam met me himself and drove me out to the Shack, which proved to be a substantial house overlooking the water. On the way he confided to me that lots of married men thought they were contented when they were merely resigned, but that it was the only life, and that Sam, Junior, could swim like a duck. Incidentally, he said that Alison was his wife's cousin, their respective grandmothers having, at proper intervals, married the same man, and that Alison would lose her good looks if she was not careful.  "I say she's worried, and I stick to it," he said, as he threw the lines to a groom and prepared to get out. "You know her, and she's the kind of girl you think you can read like a book. But you can't; don't fool yourself. Take a good look at her at dinner, Blake; you won't lose your head like the other fellows--and then tell me what's wrong with her. We're mighty fond of Allie."  He went ponderously up the steps, for Sam had put on weight since I knew him. At the door he turned around. "Do you happen to know the MacLures at Seal Harbor?" he asked irrelevantly, but Mrs. Sam came into the hall just then, both hands out to greet me, and, whatever Forbes had meant to say, he did not pick up the subject again.  "We are having tea in here," Dorothy said gaily, indicating the door behind her. "Tea by courtesy, because I think tea is the only beverage that isn't represented. And then we must dress, for this is hop night at the club."  "Which is as great a misnomer as the tea," Sam put in, ponderously struggling out of his linen driving coat. "It's bridge night, and the only hops are in the beer."  He was still gurgling over this as he took me upstairs. He showed me my room himself, and then began the fruitless search for evening raiment that kept me home that night from the club. For I couldn't wear Sam's clothes. That was clear, after a perspiring seance of a half hour.  "I won't do it, Sam," I said, when I had draped his dress-coat on me toga fashion. "Who am I to have clothing to spare, like this, when many a poor chap hasn't even a cellar door to cover him. I won't do it; I'm selfish, but not that selfish."  "Lord," he said, wiping his face, "how you've kept your figure! I can't wear a belt any more; got to have suspenders."  He reflected over his grievance for some time, sitting on the side of the bed. "You could go as you are," he said finally. "We do it all the time, only to-night happens to be the annual something or other, and--"  he trailed off into silence, trying to buckle my belt around him. "A good six inches," he sighed. "I never get into a hansom cab any more that I don't expect to see the horse fly up into the air. Well, Allie isn't going either. She turned down Granger this afternoon, the Annapolis fellow you met on the stairs, pigeon-breasted chap--and she always gets a headache on those occasions."  He got up heavily and went to the door. "Granger is leaving," he said, "I may be able to get his dinner coat for you. How well do you know her?" he asked, with his hand on the knob.  "If you mean Dolly--?"  "Alison."  "Fairly well," I said cautiously. "Not as well as I would like to. I dined with her last week in Washington. And--I knew her before that."  Forbes touched the bell instead of going out, and told the servant who answered to see if Mr. Granger's suitcase had gone. If not, to bring it across the hall. Then he came back to his former position on the bed.  "You see, we feel responsible for Allie--near relation and all that," he began pompously. "And we can't talk to the people here at the house--all the men are in love with her, and all the women are jealous. Then--there's a lot of money, too, or will be."  "Confound the money!" I muttered. "That is--nothing. Razor slipped."  "I can tell you," he went on, "because you don't lose your head over every pretty face--although Allie is more than that, of course. But about a month ago she went away--to Seal Harbor, to visit Janet MacLure. Know her?"  "She came home to Richmond yesterday, and then came down here--Allie, I mean. And yesterday afternoon Dolly had a letter from Janet--something about a second man--and saying she was disappointed not to have had Alison there, that she had promised them a two weeks' visit! What do you make of that? And that isn't the worst. Allie herself wasn't in the room, but there were eight other women, and because Dolly had put belladonna in her eyes the night before to see how she would look, and as a result couldn't see anything nearer than across the room, some one read the letter aloud to her, and the whole story is out. One of the cats told Granger and the boy proposed to Allie to-day, to show her he didn't care a tinker's dam where she had been."  "Good boy!" I said, with enthusiasm. I liked the Granger fellow--since he was out of the running. But Sam was looking at me with suspicion.  "Blake," he said, "if I didn't know you for what you are, I'd say you were interested there yourself."  Being so near her, under the same roof, with even the tie of a dubious secret between us, was making me heady. I pushed Forbes toward the door.  "I interested!" I retorted, holding him by the shoulders. "There isn't a word in your vocabulary to fit my condition. I am an island in a sunlit sea of emotion, Sam, a--an empty place surrounded by longing--a--"  "An empty place surrounded by longing!" he retorted. "You want your dinner, that's what's the matter with you--"  I shut the door on him then. He seemed suddenly sordid. Dinner, I thought! Although, as matter of fact, I made a very fair meal when, Granger's suitcase not having gone, in his coat and some other man's trousers, I was finally fit for the amenities. Alison did not come down to dinner, so it was clear she would not go over to the club-house dance. I pled my injured arm and a ficticious, vaguely located sprain from the wreck, as an excuse for remaining at home. Sam regaled the table with accounts of my distrust of women, my one love affair--with Dorothy; to which I responded, as was expected, that only my failure there had kept me single all these years, and that if Sam should be mysteriously missing during the bathing hour to-morrow, and so on.  And when the endless meal was over, and yards of white veils had been tied over pounds of hair--or is it, too, bought by the yard?--and some eight ensembles with their abject complements had been packed into three automobiles and a trap, I drew a long breath and faced about. I had just then only one object in life--to find Alison, to assure her of my absolute faith and confidence in her, and to offer my help and my poor self, if she would let me, in her service.  She was not easy to find. I searched the lower floor, the verandas and the grounds, circumspectly. Then I ran into a little English girl who turned out to be her maid, and who also was searching. She was concerned because her mistress had had no dinner, and because the tray of food she carried would soon be cold. I took the tray from her, on the glimpse of something white on the shore, and that was how I met the Girl again.  She was sitting on an over-turned boat, her chin in her hands, staring out to sea. The soft tide of the bay lapped almost at her feet, and the draperies of her white gown melted hazily into the sands. She looked like a wraith, a despondent phantom of the sea, although the adjective is redundant. Nobody ever thinks of a cheerful phantom. Strangely enough, considering her evident sadness, she was whistling softly to herself, over and over, some dreary little minor air that sounded like a Bohemian dirge. She glanced up quickly when I made a misstep and my dishes jingled. All considered, the tray was out of the picture: the sea, the misty starlight, the girl, with her beauty--even the sad little whistle that stopped now and then to go bravely on again, as though it fought against the odds of a trembling lip. And then I came, accompanied by a tray of little silver dishes that jingled and an unmistakable odor of broiled chicken!  "Oh!" she said quickly; and then, "Oh! I thought you were Jenkins."  "Timeo Danaos--what's the rest of it?" I asked, tendering my offering. "You didn't have any dinner, you know." I sat down beside her. "See, I'll be the table. What was the old fairy tale? 'Little goat bleat: little table appear!' I'm perfectly willing to be the goat, too."  She was laughing rather tremulously.  "We never do meet like other people, do we?" she asked. "We really ought to shake hands and say how are you."  "I don't want to meet you like other people, and I suppose you always think of me as wearing the other fellow's clothes," I returned meekly. On summer afternoons sometimes, when the house is hot, I go to the park and sit. I used to take Peter, but now he is dead. I like to see Lida's little boy; the nurse knows me by sight, and lets me talk to the child. He can say "Peter" quite plainly. But he does not call Alma "Grandmother." The nurse says she does not like it. He calls her "Nana."  Lida does not forget me. Especially at flood-times, apologies, the chiffon gown her mother had worn at her wedding. Alma had never worn it but once, and now she was too stout for it. I took it; I am not proud, and I should like Molly Maguire to see it.  Mr. Holcombe asked me last night to marry him. He says he needs me, and that I need him.  I am a lonely woman, and getting old, and I'm tired of watching the gas meter; and besides, with Peter dead, I need a man in the house all the time. The flood district is none too orderly. Besides, when I have a wedding dress laid away and a bottle of good wine, it seems a pity not to use them.  I think I shall do it.    By the bequest of an elder brother, I was left enough money to see me through a small college in Ohio, and to secure me four years in a medical school in the East.  Why I chose medicine I hardly know. Possibly the career of a surgeon attracted the adventurous element in me.  Perhaps, coming of a family of doctors, I merely followed the line of least resistance.  It may be, indirectly but inevitably, that I might be on the yacht Ella on that terrible night of August 12, more than a year ago.  I got through somehow.  I played quarterback on the football team, and made some money coaching.  In summer I did whatever came to hand, from chartering a sail-boat at a summer resort and taking passengers, at so much a head, to checking up cucumbers in Indiana for a Western pickle house.  I was practically alone.  Commencement left me with a diploma, a new dress-suit, an out-of-date medical library, a box of surgical instruments of the same date as the books, and an incipient case of typhoid fever.  I was twenty-four, six feet tall, and forty inches around the chest. Also, I had lived clean, and worked and played hard.  I got over the fever finally, pretty much all bone and appetite; but--alive. Thanks to the college, my hospital care had cost nothing.  It was a good thing: I had just seven dollars in the world.  The yacht Ella lay in the river not far from my hospital windows. She was not a yacht when I first saw her, nor at any time, technically, unless I use the word in the broad sense of a pleasure-boat.  She was a two-master, and, when I saw her first, as dirty and disreputable as are most coasting-vessels.  Her rejuvenation was the history of my convalescence.  On the day she stood forth in her first coat of white paint, I exchanged my dressing-gown for clothing that, however loosely it hung, was still clothing.  Her new sails marked my promotion to beefsteak, her brass rails and awnings my first independent excursion up and down the corridor outside my door, and, incidentally, my return to a collar and tie.  The river shipping appealed to me, to my imagination, clean washed by my illness and ready as a child's for new impressions: liners gliding down to the bay and the open sea; shrewish, scolding tugs; dirty but picturesque tramps.  My enthusiasm amused the nurses, whose ideas of adventure consisted of little jaunts of exploration into the abdominal cavity, and whose aseptic minds revolted at the sight of dirty sails.  One day I pointed out to one of them an old schooner, red and brown, with patched canvas spread, moving swiftly down the river before a stiff breeze.  "Look at her!" I exclaimed.  "There goes adventure, mystery, romance! I should like to be sailing on her."  "You would have to boil the drinking-water," she replied dryly.  "And the ship is probably swarming with rats."  "Rats," I affirmed, "add to the local color.  Ships are their native habitat.  Only sinking ships don't have them."  But her answer was to retort that rats carried bubonic plague, and to exit, carrying the sugar-bowl.  I was ravenous, as are all convalescent typhoids, and one of the ways in which I eked out my still slender diet was by robbing the sugar-bowl at meals.  That day, I think it was, the deck furniture was put out on the Ella--numbers of white wicker chairs and tables, with bright cushions to match the awnings.  I had a pair of ancient opera-glasses, as obsolete as my amputating knives, and, like them, a part of my heritage.  By that time I felt a proprietary interest in the Ella, and through my glasses, carefully focused with a pair of scissors, watched the arrangement of the deck furnishings.  A girl was directing the men. I judged, from the poise with which she carried herself, that she was attractive--and knew it.  How beautiful she was, and how well she knew it, I was to find out before long. McWhirter to the contrary, she had nothing to do with my decision to sign as a sailor on the Ella.  One of the bright spots of that long hot summer was McWhirter.  We had graduated together in June, and in October he was to enter a hospital in Buffalo as a resident.  But he was as indigent as I, and from June to October is four months.  "Four months," he said to me.  "Even at two meals a day, boy, that's something over two hundred and forty.  And I can eat four times a day, without a struggle!  Wouldn't you think one of these overworked-for-the-good-of-humanity dubs would take a vacation and give me a chance to hold down his practice?"  Nothing of the sort developing, McWhirter went into a drug-store, and managed to pull through the summer with unimpaired cheerfulness, confiding to me that he secured his luncheons free at the soda counter. He came frequently to see me, bringing always a pocketful of chewing gum, which he assured me was excellent to allay the gnawings of hunger, and later, as my condition warranted it, small bags of gum-drops and other pharmacy confections.  McWhirter it was who got me my berth on the Ella.  It must have been about the 20th of July, for the Ella sailed on the 28th.  I was strong enough to leave the hospital, but not yet physically able for any prolonged exertion.  McWhirter, who was short and stout, had been alternately flirting with the nurse, as she moved in and out preparing my room for the night, and sizing me up through narrowed eyes.  "No," he said, evidently following a private line of thought; "you don't belong behind a counter, Leslie.  I'm darned if I think you belong in the medical profession, either.  The British army'd suit you."  "The--what?"  "You know--Kipling idea--riding horseback, head of a column--undress uniform--colonel's wife making eyes at you--leading last hopes and all that."  "The British army with Kipling trimmings being out of the question, the original issue is still before us.  I'll have to work, Mac, and work like the devil, if I'm to feed myself."  There being no answer to this, McWhirter contented himself with eyeing me.  "I'm thinking," I said, "of going to Europe.  The sea is calling me, Mac."  "So was the grave a month ago, but it didn't get you.  Don't be an ass, boy.  How are you going to sea?"  "Before the mast."  This apparently conveying no meaning to McWhirter, I supplemented--"as a common sailor."  He was indignant at first, offering me his room and a part of his small salary until I got my strength; then he became dubious; and finally, so well did I paint my picture of long, idle days on the ocean, of sweet, cool nights under the stars, with breezes that purred through the sails, rocking the ship to slumber--finally he waxed enthusiastic, and was even for giving up the pharmacy at once and sailing with me.  He had been fitting out the storeroom of a sailing-yacht with drugs, he informed me, and doing it under the personal direction of the owner's wife.  "I've made a hit with her," he confided.  "Since she's learned I'm a graduate M.D., she's letting me do the whole thing.  I've made up some lotions to prevent sunburn, and that seasick prescription of old Larimer's, and she thinks I'm the whole cheese.  I'll suggest you as ship's doctor."  "How many men in the crew?"  "Eight, I think, or ten.  It's a small boat, and carries a small crew."  "Then they don't want a ship's doctor.  If I go, I'll go as a sailor," I said firmly.  "And I want your word, Mac, not a word about me, except that I am honest."  "You'll have to wash decks, probably."  "I am filled with a wild longing to wash decks," I asserted, smiling at his disturbed face.  "I should probably also have to polish brass. There's a great deal of brass on the boat."  "How do you know that?"  When I told him, he was much excited, and, although it was dark and the Ella consisted of three lights, he insisted on the opera-glasses, and was persuaded he saw her.  Finally he put down the glasses and came over, to me.  "Perhaps you are right, Leslie," he said soberly.  "You don't want charity, any more than they want a ship's doctor.  Wherever you go and whatever you do, whether you're swabbing decks in your bare feet or polishing brass railings with an old sock, you're a man."  He was more moved than I had ever seen him, and ate a gum-drop to cover his embarrassment.  Soon after that he took his departure, and the following day he telephoned to say that, if the sea was still calling me, he could get a note to the captain recommending me.  I asked him to get the note.  Good old Mac!  The sea was calling me, true enough, but only dire necessity was driving me to ship before the mast--necessity and perhaps what, for want of a better name, we call destiny.  For what is fate but inevitable law, inevitable consequence.  The stirring of my blood, generations removed from a seafaring ancestor; my illness, not a cause, but a result; McWhirter, filling prescriptions behind the glass screen of a pharmacy, and fitting out, in porcelain jars, the medicine-closet of the Ella; Turner and his wife, Schwartz, the mulatto Tom, Singleton, and Elsa Lee; all thrown together, a hodge-podge of characters, motives, passions, and hereditary tendencies, through an inevitable law working together toward that terrible night of August 22, when hell seemed loose on a painted sea.      The Ella had been a coasting-vessel, carrying dressed lumber to South America, and on her return trip bringing a miscellaneous cargo--hides and wool, sugar from Pernambuco, whatever offered. The firm of Turner and Sons owned the line of which the Ella was one of the smallest vessels.  The gradual elimination of sailing ships and the substitution of steamers in the coasting trade, left the Ella, with others, out of commission.  She was still seaworthy, rather fast, as such vessels go, and steady.  Marshall Turner, the oldest son of old Elias Turner, the founder of the business, bought it in at a nominal sum, with the intention of using it as a private yacht.  And, since it was a superstition of the house never to change the name of one of its vessels, the schooner Ella, odorous of fresh lumber or raw rubber, as the case might be, dingy gray in color, with slovenly decks on which lines of seamen's clothing were generally hanging to dry, remained, in her metamorphosis, still the Ella.  Marshall Turner was a wealthy man, but he equipped his new pleasure-boat very modestly.  As few changes as were possible were made.  He increased the size of the forward house, adding quarters for the captain and the two mates, and thus kept the after house for himself and his friends.  He fumigated the hold and the forecastle--a precaution that kept all the crew coughing for two days, and drove them out of the odor of formaldehyde to the deck to sleep.  He installed an electric lighting and refrigerating plant, put a bath in the forecastle, to the bewilderment of the men, who were inclined to think it a reflection on their habits, and almost entirely rebuilt, inside, the old officers' quarters in the after house.  The wheel, replaced by a new one, white and gilt, remained in its old position behind the after house, the steersman standing on a raised iron grating above the wash of the deck.  Thus from the chart-room, which had become a sort of lounge and card-room, through a small barred window it was possible to see the man at the wheel, who, in his turn, commanded a view of part of the chartroom, but not of the floor.  The craft was schooner-rigged, carried three lifeboats and a collapsible raft, and was navigated by a captain, first and second mates, and a crew of six able-bodied sailors and one gaunt youth whose sole knowledge of navigation had been gained on an Atlantic City catboat.  Her destination was vague--Panama perhaps, possibly a South American port, depending on the weather and the whim of the owner.  I do not recall that I performed the nautical rite of signing articles. Armed with the note McWhirter had secured for me, and with what I fondly hoped was the rolling gait of the seafaring man, I approached the captain--a bearded and florid individual.  I had dressed the part--old trousers, a cap, and a sweater from which I had removed my college letter, McWhirter, who had supervised my preparations, and who had accompanied me to the wharf, had suggested that I omit my morning shave.  The result was, as I look back, a lean and cadaverous six-foot youth, with the hospital pallor still on him, his chin covered with a day's beard, his hair cropped short, and a cannibalistic gleam in his eyes.  I remember that my wrists, thin and bony, annoyed me, and that the girl I had seen through the opera-glasses came on board, and stood off, detached and indifferent, but with her eyes on me, while the captain read my letter.  When he finished, he held it out to me.  "I've got my crew," he said curtly.  "There isn't--I suppose there's no chance of your needing another hand?"  "No." He turned away, then glanced back at the letter I was still holding, rather dazed.  "You can leave your name and address with the mate over there.  If anything turns up he'll let you know."  My address!  The hospital?  I folded the useless letter and thrust it into my pocket.  The captain had gone forward, and the girl with the cool eyes was leaning against the rail, watching me.  "You are the man Mr.  McWhirter has been looking after, aren't you?"  "Yes." I pulled off my cap, and, recollecting myself--"Yes, miss."  "You are not a sailor?"  "I have had some experience--and I am willing."  "You have been ill, haven't you?"  "Yes--miss."  "Could you polish brass, and things like that?"  "I could try.  My arms are strong enough.  It is only when I walk--"  But she did not let me finish.  She left the rail abruptly, and disappeared down the companionway into the after house.  I waited uncertainly.  The captain saw me still loitering, and scowled.  A procession of men with trunks jostled me; a colored man, evidently a butler, ordered me out of his way while he carried down into the cabin, with almost reverent care, a basket of wine.  When the girl returned, she came to me, and stood for a moment, looking me over with cool, appraising eyes.  I had been right about her appearance: she was charming--or no, hardly charming.  She was too aloof for that.  But she was beautiful, an Irish type, with blue-gray eyes and almost black hair.  The tilt of her head was haughty.  Later I came to know that her hauteur was indifference: but at first I was frankly afraid of her, afraid of her cool, mocking eyes and the upward thrust of her chin.  "My brother-in-law is not here," she said after a moment, "but my sister is below in the cabin.  She will speak to the captain about you. Where are your things?"  I glanced toward the hospital, where my few worldly possessions, including my dress clothes, my amputating set, and such of my books as I had not been able to sell, were awaiting disposition.  "Very near, miss," I said.  "Better bring them at once; we are sailing in the morning."  She turned away as if to avoid my thanks, but stopped and came back.  "We are taking you as a sort of extra man," she explained.  "You will work with the crew, but it is possible that we will need you--do you know anything about butler's work?"  I hesitated.  If I said yes, and then failed--  "I could try."  "I thought, from your appearance, perhaps you had done something of the sort."  Oh, shades of my medical forebears, who had bequeathed me, along with the library, what I had hoped was a professional manner! "The butler is a poor sailor.  If he fails us, you will take his place."  She gave a curt little nod of dismissal, and I went down the gangplank and along the wharf.  I had secured what I went for; my summer was provided for, and I was still seven dollars to the good. I was exultant, but with my exultation was mixed a curious anger at McWhirter, that he had advised me not to shave that morning.  My preparation took little time.  Such of my wardrobe as was worth saving, McWhirter took charge of.  I sold the remainder of my books, and in a sailor's outfitting-shop I purchased boots and slickers--the sailors' oil skins.  With my last money I bought a good revolver, second-hand, and cartridges.  I was glad later that I had bought the revolver, and that I had taken with me the surgical instruments, antiquated as they were, which, in their mahogany case, had accompanied my grandfather through the Civil War, and had done, as he was wont to chuckle, as much damage as a three-pounder.  McWhirter came to the wharf with me, and looked the Ella over with eyes of proprietorship.  "Pretty snappy-looking boat," he said.  "If the nigger gets sick, give him some of my seasick remedy.  And take care of yourself, boy." He shook hands, his open face flushed with emotion.  "Darned shame to see you going like this.  Don't eat too much, and don't fall in love with any of the women.  Good-bye."  He started away, and I turned toward the ship; but a moment later I heard him calling me.  He came back, rather breathless.  "Up in my neighborhood," he panted, "they say Turner is a devil. Whatever happens, it's not your mix-in.  Better--better tuck your gun under your mattress and forget you've got it.  You've got some disposition yourself."  The Ella sailed the following day at ten o'clock.  She carried nineteen people, of whom five were the Turners and their guests. The cabin was full of flowers and steamer-baskets.  Thirty-one days later she came into port again, a lifeboat covered with canvas trailing at her stern.      From the first the captain disclaimed responsibility for me.  I was housed in the forecastle, and ate with the men.  There, however, my connection with the crew and the navigation of the ship ended. Perhaps it was as well, although I resented it at first.  I was weaker than I had thought, and dizzy at the mere thought of going aloft.  As a matter of fact, I found myself a sort of deck-steward, given the responsibility of looking after the shuffle-board and other deck games, the steamer-rugs, the cards,--for they played bridge steadily,--and answerable to George Williams, the colored butler, for the various liquors served on deck.  The work was easy, and the situation rather amused me.  After an effort or two to bully me, one of which resulted in my holding him over the rail until he turned gray with fright, Williams treated me as an equal, which was gratifying. "Louise!" he said softly; but she did not reply, and her eyes showed no recognition.  Halsey was young, and illness was new to him.  He straightened himself slowly, still watching her, and caught my arm.  "She's dying, Aunt Ray!" he said huskily.  "Dying!  Why, she doesn't know me!"  "Fudge!" I snapped, being apt to grow irritable when my sympathies are aroused.  "She's doing nothing of the sort,--and don't pinch my arm. If you want something to do, go and choke Thomas."  But at that moment Louise roused from her stupor to cough, and at the end of the paroxysm, as Rosie laid her back, exhausted, she knew us. That was all Halsey wanted; to him consciousness was recovery.  He dropped on his knees beside the bed, and tried to tell her she was all right, and we would bring her around in a hurry, and how beautiful she looked--only to break down utterly and have to stop.  And at that I came to my senses, and put him out.  "This instant!" I ordered, as he hesitated.  "And send Rosie here."  He did not go far.  He sat on the top step of the stairs, only leaving to telephone for a doctor, and getting in everybody's way in his eagerness to fetch and carry.  I got him away finally, by sending him to fix up the car as a sort of ambulance, in case the doctor would allow the sick girl to be moved.  He sent Gertrude down to the lodge loaded with all manner of impossible things, including an armful of Turkish towels and a box of mustard plasters, and as the two girls had known each other somewhat before, Louise brightened perceptibly when she saw her.  When the doctor from Englewood--the Casanova doctor, Doctor Walker, being away--had started for Sunnyside, and I had got Thomas to stop trying to explain what he did not understand himself, I had a long talk with the old man, and this is what I learned.  On Saturday evening before, about ten o'clock, he had been reading in the sitting-room down-stairs, when some one rapped at the door.  The old man was alone, Warner not having arrived, and at first he was uncertain about opening the door.  He did so finally, and was amazed at being confronted by Louise Armstrong. Thomas was an old family servant, having been with the present Mrs. Armstrong since she was a child, and he was overwhelmed at seeing Louise.  He saw that she was excited and tired, and he drew her into the sitting-room and made her sit down. After a while he went to the house and brought Mrs. Watson, and they talked until late.  The old man said Louise was in trouble, and seemed frightened.  Mrs. Watson made some tea and took it to the lodge, but Louise made them both promise to keep her presence a secret.  She had not known that Sunnyside was rented, and whatever her trouble was, this complicated things.  She seemed puzzled.  Her stepfather and her mother were still in California--that was all she would say about them.  Why she had run away no one could imagine.  Mr. Arnold Armstrong was at the Greenwood Club, and at last Thomas, not knowing what else to do, went over there along the path.  It was almost midnight. Part-way over he met Armstrong himself and brought him to the lodge. Mrs. Watson had gone to the house for some bed-linen, it having been arranged that under the circumstances Louise would be better at the lodge until morning.  Arnold Armstrong and Louise had a long conference, during which he was heard to storm and become very violent.  When he left it was after two.  He had gone up to the house--Thomas did not know why--and at three o'clock he was shot at the foot of the circular staircase.  The following morning Louise had been ill.  She had asked for Arnold, and was told he had left town.  Thomas had not the moral courage to tell her of the crime.  She refused a doctor, and shrank morbidly from having her presence known.  Mrs. Watson and Thomas had had their hands full, and at last Rosie had been enlisted to help them.  She carried necessary provisions--little enough--to the lodge, and helped to keep the secret.  Thomas told me quite frankly that he had been anxious to keep Louise's presence hidden for this reason: they had all seen Arnold Armstrong that night, and he, himself, for one, was known to have had no very friendly feeling for the dead man.  As to the reason for Louise's flight from California, or why she had not gone to the Fitzhughs', or to some of her people in town, he had no more information than I had. With the death of her stepfather and the prospect of the immediate return of the family, things had become more and more impossible.  I gathered that Thomas was as relieved as I at the turn events had taken. No, she did not know of either of the deaths in the family.  Taken all around, I had only substituted one mystery for another.  If I knew now why Rosie had taken the basket of dishes, I did not know who had spoken to her and followed her along the drive.  If I knew that Louise was in the lodge, I did not know why she was there.  If I knew that Arnold Armstrong had spent some time in the lodge the night before he was murdered, I was no nearer the solution of the crime.  Who was the midnight intruder who had so alarmed Liddy and myself?  Who had fallen down the clothes chute?  Was Gertrude's lover a villain or a victim?  Time was to answer all these things.     The doctor from Englewood came very soon, and I went up to see the sick girl with him.  Halsey had gone to supervise the fitting of the car with blankets and pillows, and Gertrude was opening and airing Louise's own rooms at the house.  Her private sitting-room, bedroom and dressing-room were as they had been when we came.  They occupied the end of the east wing, beyond the circular staircase, and we had not even opened them.  The girl herself was too ill to notice what was being done. When, with the help of the doctor, who was a fatherly man with a family of girls at home, we got her to the house and up the stairs into bed, she dropped into a feverish sleep, which lasted until morning.  Doctor Stewart--that was the Englewood doctor--stayed almost all night, giving the medicine himself, and watching her closely.  Afterward he told me that she had had a narrow escape from pneumonia, and that the cerebral symptoms had been rather alarming.  I said I was glad it wasn't an "itis" of some kind, anyhow, and he smiled solemnly.  He left after breakfast, saying that he thought the worst of the danger was over, and that she must be kept very quiet.  "The shock of two deaths, I suppose, has done this," he remarked, picking up his case.  "It has been very deplorable."  I hastened to set him right.  "She does not know of either, Doctor," I said.  "Please do not mention them to her."  He looked as surprised as a medical man ever does.  "I do not know the family," he said, preparing to get into his top buggy.  "Young Walker, down in Casanova, has been attending them.  I understand he is going to marry this young lady."  "You have been misinformed," I said stiffly.  "Miss Armstrong is going to marry my nephew."  The doctor smiled as he picked up the reins.  "Young ladies are changeable these days," he said.  "We thought the wedding was to occur soon.  Well, I will stop in this afternoon to see how my patient is getting along."  He drove away then, and I stood looking after him.  He was a doctor of the old school, of the class of family practitioner that is fast dying out; a loyal and honorable gentleman who was at once physician and confidential adviser to his patients.  When I was a girl we called in the doctor alike when we had measles, or when mother's sister died in the far West.  He cut out redundant tonsils and brought the babies with the same air of inspiring self-confidence.  Nowadays it requires a different specialist for each of these occurrences.  When the babies cried, old Doctor Wainwright gave them peppermint and dropped warm sweet oil in their ears with sublime faith that if it was not colic it was earache.  When, at the end of a year, father met him driving in his high side-bar buggy with the white mare ambling along, and asked for a bill, the doctor used to go home, estimate what his services were worth for that period, divide it in half--I don't think he kept any books--and send father a statement, in a cramped hand, on a sheet of ruled white paper.  He was an honored guest at all the weddings, christenings, and funerals--yes, funerals--for every one knew he had done his best, and there was no gainsaying the ways of Providence.  Ah, well, Doctor Wainwright is gone, and I am an elderly woman with an increasing tendency to live in the past.  The contrast between my old doctor at home and the Casanova doctor, Frank Walker, always rouses me to wrath and digression.  Some time about noon of that day, Wednesday, Mrs. Ogden Fitzhugh telephoned me.  I have the barest acquaintance with her--she managed to be put on the governing board of the Old Ladies' Home and ruins their digestions by sending them ice-cream and cake on every holiday.  Beyond that, and her reputation at bridge, which is insufferably bad--she is the worst player at the bridge club--I know little of her.  It was she who had taken charge of Arnold Armstrong's funeral, however, and I went at once to the telephone.  "Yes," I said, "this is Miss Innes."  "Miss Innes," she said volubly, "I have just received a very strange telegram from my cousin, Mrs. Armstrong.  Her husband died yesterday, in California and--wait, I will read you the message."  I knew what was coming, and I made up my mind at once.  If Louise Armstrong had a good and sufficient reason for leaving her people and coming home, a reason, moreover, that kept her from going at once to Mrs. Ogden Fitzhugh, and that brought her to the lodge at Sunnyside instead, it was not my intention to betray her.  Louise herself must notify her people.  I do not justify myself now, but remember, I was in a peculiar position toward the Armstrong family.  I was connected most unpleasantly with a cold-blooded crime, and my niece and nephew were practically beggared, either directly or indirectly, through the head of the family.  Mrs. Fitzhugh had found the message.  "'Paul died yesterday.  Heart disease,'" she read.  "'Wire at once if Louise is with you.'  You see, Miss Innes, Louise must have started east, and Fanny is alarmed about her."  "Yes," I said.  "Louise is not here," Mrs. Fitzhugh went on, "and none of her friends--the few who are still in town--has seen her.  I called you because Sunnyside was not rented when she went away, and Louise might have, gone there."  "I am sorry, Mrs. Fitzhugh, but I can not help you," I said, and was immediately filled with compunction.  Suppose Louise grew worse?  Who was I to play Providence in this case?  The anxious mother certainly had a right to know that her daughter was in good hands.  So I broke in on Mrs. Fitzhugh's voluble excuses for disturbing me.  "Mrs. Fitzhugh," I said.  "I was going to let you think I knew nothing about Louise Armstrong, but I have changed my mind. Louise is here, with me."  There was a clatter of ejaculations at the other end of the wire.  "She is ill, and not able to be moved.  Moreover, she is unable to see any one.  I wish you would wire her mother that she is with me, and tell her not to worry. No, I do not know why she came east."  "But my dear Miss Innes!" Mrs. Fitzhugh began.  I cut in ruthlessly.  "I will send for you as soon as she can see you," I said.  "No, she is not in a critical state now, but the doctor says she must have absolute quiet."  When I had hung up the receiver, I sat down to think.  So Louise had fled from her people in California, and had come east alone! It was not a new idea, but why had she done it?  It occurred to me that Doctor Walker might be concerned in it, might possibly have bothered her with unwelcome attentions; but it seemed to me that Louise was hardly a girl to take refuge in flight under such circumstances.  She had always been high-spirited, with the well-poised head and buoyant step of the outdoors girl. It must have been much more in keeping with Louise's character, as I knew it, to resent vigorously any unwelcome attentions from Doctor Walker.  It was the suitor whom I should have expected to see in headlong flight, not the lady in the case.  The puzzle was no clearer at the end of the half-hour.  I picked up the morning papers, which were still full of the looting of the Traders' Bank, the interest at fever height again, on account of Paul Armstrong's death.  The bank examiners were working on the books, and said nothing for publication: John Bailey had been released on bond. The body of Paul Armstrong would arrive Sunday and would be buried from the Armstrong town house.  There were rumors that the dead man's estate had been a comparatively small one.  The last paragraph was the important one.  Walter P. Broadhurst, of the Marine Bank, had produced two hundred American Traction bonds, which had been placed as security with the Marine Bank for a loan of one hundred and sixty thousand dollars, made to Paul Armstrong, just before his California trip.  The bonds were a part of the missing traction bonds from the Traders' Bank!  While this involved the late president of the wrecked bank, to my mind it by no means cleared its cashier.  The gardener mentioned by Halsey came out about two o'clock in the afternoon, and walked up from the station.  I was favorably impressed by him.  His references were good--he had been employed by the Brays' until they went to Europe, and he looked young and vigorous.  He asked for one assistant, and I was glad enough to get off so easily.  He was a pleasant-faced young fellow, with black hair and blue eyes, and his name was Alexander Graham.  I have been particular about Alex, because, as I said before, he played an important part later.  That afternoon I had a new insight into the character of the dead banker.  I had my first conversation with Louise.  She sent for me, and against my better judgment I went.  There were so many things she could not be told, in her weakened condition, that I dreaded the interview. It was much easier than I expected, however, because she asked no questions.  Gertrude had gone to bed, having been up almost all night, and Halsey was absent on one of those mysterious absences of his that grew more and more frequent as time went on, until it culminated in the event of the night of June the tenth.  Liddy was in attendance in the sick-room. There being little or nothing to do, she seemed to spend her time smoothing the wrinkles from the counterpane.  Louise lay under a field of virgin white, folded back at an angle of geometrical exactness, and necessitating a readjustment every time the sick girl turned.  Liddy heard my approach and came out to meet me.  She seemed to be in a perpetual state of goose-flesh, and she had got in the habit of looking past me when she talked, as if she saw things. It had the effect of making me look over my shoulder to see what she was staring at, and was intensely irritating.  "She's awake," Liddy said, looking uneasily down the circular staircase, which was beside me.  "She was talkin' in her sleep something awful--about dead men and coffins."  "Liddy," I said sternly, "did you breathe a word about everything not being right here?"  Liddy's gaze had wandered to the door of the chute, now bolted securely.  "Not a word," she said, "beyond asking her a question or two, which there was no harm in.  She says there never was a ghost known here."  I glared at her, speechless, and closing the door into Louise's boudoir, to Liddy's great disappointment, I went on to the bedroom beyond.  Whatever Paul Armstrong had been, he had been lavish with his stepdaughter.  Gertrude's rooms at home were always beautiful apartments, but the three rooms in the east wing at Sunnyside, set apart for the daughter of the house, were much more splendid.  From the walls to the rugs on the floor, from the furniture to the appointments of the bath, with its pool sunk in the floor instead of the customary unlovely tub, everything was luxurious. In the bedroom Louise was watching for me.  It was easy to see that she was much improved; the flush was going, and the peculiar gasping breathing of the night before was now a comfortable and easy respiration.  She held out her hand and I took it between both of mine.  "What can I say to you, Miss Innes?" she said slowly.  "To have come like this--"  I thought she was going to break down, but she did not.  "You are not to think of anything but of getting well," I said, patting her hand.  "When you are better, I am going to scold you for not coming here at once.  This is your home, my dear, and of all people in the world, Halsey's old aunt ought to make you welcome."  She smiled a little, sadly, I thought.  "I ought not to see Halsey," she said.  "Miss Innes, there are a great many things you will never understand, I am afraid.  I am an impostor on your sympathy, because I--I stay here and let you lavish care on me, and all the time I know you are going to despise me."  "Nonsense!" I said briskly.  "Why, what would Halsey do to me if I even ventured such a thing?  He is so big and masterful that if I dared to be anything but rapturous over you, he would throw me out of a window. Indeed, he would be quite capable of it."  She seemed scarcely to hear my facetious tone.  She had eloquent brown eyes--the Inneses are fair, and are prone to a grayish-green optic that is better for use than appearance--and they seemed now to be clouded with trouble.  "Poor Halsey!" she said softly.  "Miss Innes, I can not marry him, and I am afraid to tell him.  I am a coward--a coward!"  I sat beside the bed and stared at her.  She was too ill to argue with, and, besides, sick people take queer fancies.  "We will talk about that when you are stronger," I said gently.  "But there are some things I must tell you," she insisted.  "You must wonder how I came here, and why I stayed hidden at the lodge.  Dear old Thomas has been almost crazy, Miss Innes.  I did not know that Sunnyside was rented.  I knew my mother wished to rent it, without telling my--stepfather, but the news must have reached her after I left.  When I started east, I had only one idea--to be alone with my thoughts for a time, to bury myself here.  Then, I--must have taken a cold on the train."  "You came east in clothing suitable for California," I said, "and, like all young girls nowadays, I don't suppose you wear flannels."  But she was not listening.  "Miss Innes," she said, "has my stepbrother Arnold gone away?"  "What do you mean?" I asked, startled.  But Louise was literal.  "He didn't come back that night," she said, "and it was so important that I should see him."  "I believe he has gone away," I replied uncertainly.  "Isn't it something that we could attend to instead?"  But she shook her head.  "I must do it myself," she said dully. "My mother must have rented Sunnyside without telling my stepfather, and--Miss Innes, did you ever hear of any one being wretchedly poor in the midst of luxury? Still--she had left the village that night, either by cab or on foot. If the driver had been correct in his time, however, the taxicab was almost eliminated; he said the woman got into the cab at one-thirty. It was between one-thirty and one-forty-five when Margery heard the footsteps in the attic.  I think for the first time it came to me, that day, that there was at least a possibility that Miss Jane had not been attacked, robbed or injured: that she had left home voluntarily, under stress of great excitement. But if she had, why? The mystery was hardly less for being stripped of its gruesome details. Nothing in my knowledge of the missing woman gave me a clue. I had a vague hope that, if she had gone voluntarily, she would see the newspapers and let us know where she was.  To my list of exhibits I added the purse with its inclosure. The secret drawer of my desk now contained, besides the purse, the slip marked eleven twenty-two that had been pinned to Fleming's pillow; the similar scrap found over Miss Jane's mantel; the pearl I had found on the floor of the closet, and the cyanide, which, as well as the bullet, Burton had given me. Add to these the still tender place on my head where Wardrop had almost brained me with a chair, and a blue ankle, now becoming spotted with yellow, where I had fallen down the dumb-waiter, and my list of visible reminders of the double mystery grew to eight.  I was not proud of the part I had played. So far, I had blundered, it seemed to me, at every point where a blunder was possible. I had fallen over folding chairs and down a shaft; I had been a half-hour too late to save Allan Fleming; I had been up and awake, and Miss Jane had got out of the house under my very nose. Last, and by no means least, I had waited thirty-five years to find the right woman, and when I found her, some one else had won her. I was in the depths that day when Burton came in.  He walked into the office jauntily and presented Miss Grant with a club sandwich neatly done up in waxed paper. Then he came into my private room and closed the door behind him.  "Avaunt, dull care!" he exclaimed, taking in my dejected attitude and exhibits on the desk at a glance. "Look up and grin, my friend." He had his hands behind him.  "Don't be a fool," I snapped. "I'll not grin unless I feel like it."  "Grin, darn you," he said, and put something on the desk in front of me. It was a Russia leather bag.  "_The_ leather bag!" he pointed proudly.  "Where did you get it?" I exclaimed, incredulous. Burton fumbled with the lock while he explained.  "It was found in Boston," he said. "How do you open the thing, anyhow?"  It was not locked, and I got it open in a minute. As I had expected, it was empty.  "Then--perhaps Wardrop was telling the truth," I exclaimed. "By Jove, Burton, he was robbed by the woman in the cab, and he can't tell about her on account of Miss Fleming! She made a haul, for certain."  I told him then of the two women who had left Bellwood on the night of Miss Jane's disappearance, and showed him the purse and its inclosure. The C puzzled him as it had me. "It might be anything," he said as he gave it back, "from a book, chapter and verse in the Bible to a prescription for rheumatism at a drug-store. As to the lady in the cab, I think perhaps you are right," he said, examining the interior of the bag, where Wardrop's name in ink told its story. "Of course, we have only Wardrop's word that he brought the bag to Bellwood; if we grant that we can grant the rest--that he was robbed, that the thief emptied the bag, and either took it or shipped it to Boston."  "How on earth did you get it?"  "It was a coincidence. There have been a shrewd lot of baggage thieves in two or three eastern cities lately, mostly Boston. The method, the police say, was something like this--one of them, the chief of the gang, would get a wagon, dress like an expressman and go round the depots looking at baggage. He would make a mental note of the numbers, go away and forge a check to match, and secure the pieces he had taken a fancy to. Then he merely drove around to headquarters, and the trunk was rifled. The police got on, raided the place, and found, among others, our Russia leather bag. It was shipped back, empty, to the address inside, at Bellwood."  "At Bellwood? Then how--"  "It came while I was lunching with Miss Letitia," he said easily. "We're very chummy--thick as thieves. What I want to know is"--disregarding my astonishment--"where is the hundred thousand?"  "Find the woman."  "Did you ever hear of Anderson, the nerve specialist?" he asked, without apparent relevancy.  "I have been thinking of him," I answered. "If we could get Wardrop there, on some plausible excuse, it would take Anderson about ten minutes with his instruments and experimental psychology, to know everything Wardrop ever forgot."  "I'll go on one condition," Burton said, preparing to leave. "I'll promise to get Wardrop and have him on the spot at two o'clock to-morrow, if you'll promise me one thing: if Anderson fixes me with his eye, and I begin to look dotty and tell about my past life, I want you to take me by the flap of my ear and lead me gently home."  "I promise," I said, and Burton left.  The recovery of the bag was only one of the many astonishing things that happened that day and the following night. Hawes, who knew little of what it all meant, and disapproved a great deal, ended that afternoon by locking himself, blinking furiously, in his private office. To Hawes any practice that was not lucrative was bad practice. About four o'clock, when I had shut myself away from the crowd in the outer office, and was letting Miss Grant take their depositions as to when and where they had seen a little old lady, probably demented, wandering around the streets, a woman came who refused to be turned away.  "Young woman," I heard her say, speaking to Miss Grant, "he may have important business, but I guess mine's just a little more so."  I interfered then, and let her come in. She was a woman of medium height, quietly dressed, and fairly handsome. My first impression was favorable; she moved with a certain dignity, and she was not laced, crimped or made up. I am more sophisticated now; The Lady Who Tells Me Things says that the respectable women nowadays, out-rouge, out-crimp and out-lace the unrespectable.  However, the illusion was gone the moment she began to speak. Her voice was heavy, throaty, expressionless. She threw it like a weapon: I am perfectly honest in saying that for a moment the surprise of her voice outweighed the remarkable thing she was saying.  "I am Mrs. Allan Fleming," she said, with a certain husky defiance.  "I beg your pardon," I said, after a minute. "You mean--the Allan Fleming who has just died?"  She nodded. I could see she was unable, just then, to speak. She had nerved herself to the interview, but it was evident that there was a real grief. She fumbled for a black-bordered handkerchief, and her throat worked convulsively. I saw now that she was in mourning.  "Do you mean," I asked incredulously, "that Mr. Fleming married a second time?"  "He married me three years ago, in Plattsburg. I came from there last night. I--couldn't leave before."  "Does Miss Fleming know about this second marriage?"  "No. Nobody knew about it. I have had to put up with a great deal, Mr. Knox. It's a hard thing for a woman to know that people are talking about her, and all the time she's married as tight as ring and book can do it."  "I suppose," I hazarded, "if that is the case, you have come about the estate."  "Estate!" Her tone was scornful. "I guess I'll take what's coming to me, as far as that goes--and it won't be much. No, I came to ask what they mean by saying Allan Fleming killed himself."  "Don't you think he did?"  "I know he did not," she said tensely. "Not only that: I know who did it. It was Schwartz--Henry Schwartz."  "Schwartz! But what on earth--"  "You don't know Schwartz," she said grimly. "I was married to him for fifteen years. I took him when he had a saloon in the Fifth Ward, at Plattsburg. The next year he was alderman: I didn't expect in those days to see him riding around in an automobile--not but what he was making money--Henry Schwartz is a money-maker. That's why he's boss of the state now."  "And you divorced him?"  "He was a brute," she said vindictively. "He wanted me to go back to him, and I told him I would rather die. I took a big house, and kept bachelor suites for gentlemen. Mr. Fleming lived there, and--he married me three years ago. He and Schwartz had to stand together, but they hated each other."  "Schwartz?" I meditated. "Do you happen to know if Senator Schwartz was in Plattsburg at the time of the mur--of Mr. Fleming's death?"  "He was here in Manchester."  "He had threatened Mr. Fleming's life?"  "He had already tried to kill him, the day we were married. He stabbed him twice, but not deep enough."  I looked at her in wonder. For this woman, not extraordinarily handsome, two men had fought and one had died--according to her story.  "I can prove everything I say," she went on rapidly. "I have letters from Mr. Fleming telling me what to do in case he was shot down; I have papers--canceled notes--that would put Schwartz in the penitentiary--that is," she said cunningly, "I did have them. Mr. Fleming took them away."  "Aren't you afraid for yourself?" I asked.  "Yes, I'm afraid--afraid he'll get me back yet. It would please him to see me crawl back on my knees."  "But--he can not force you to go back to him."  "Yes, he can," she shivered. From which I knew she had told me only a part of her story.  After all she had nothing more to tell. Fleming had been shot; Schwartz had been in the city about the Borough Bank; he had threatened Fleming before, but a political peace had been patched; Schwartz knew the White Cat. That was all.  Before she left she told me something I had not known.  "I know a lot about inside politics," she said, as she got up. "I have seen the state divided up with the roast at my table, and served around with the dessert, and I can tell you something you don't know about your White Cat. A back staircase leads to one of the up-stairs rooms, and shuts off with a locked door. It opens below, out a side entrance, not supposed to be used. Only a few know of it. Henry Butler was found dead at the foot of that staircase."  "He shot himself, didn't he?"  "The police said so," she replied, with her grim smile. "There is such a thing as murdering a man by driving him to suicide."  She wrote an address on a card and gave it to me.  "Just a minute," I said, as she was about to go. "Have you ever heard Mr. Fleming speak of the Misses Maitland?"  "They were--his first wife's sisters. No, he never talked of them, but I believe, just before he left Plattsburg, he tried to borrow some money from them."  "And failed?"  "The oldest one telegraphed the refusal, collect," she said, smiling faintly.  "There is something else," I said. "Did you ever hear of the number eleven twenty-two?"  "No--or--why, yes--" she said. "It is the number of my house."  It seemed rather ridiculous, when she had gone, and I sat down to think it over. It was anticlimax, to say the least. If the mysterious number meant only the address of this very ordinary woman, then--it was probable her story of Schwartz was true enough. But I could not reconcile myself to it, nor could I imagine Schwartz, with his great bulk, skulking around pinning scraps of paper to pillows.  It would have been more like the fearlessness and passion of the man to have shot Fleming down in the state house corridor, or on the street, and to have trusted to his influence to set him free. For the first time it occurred to me that there was something essentially feminine in the revenge of the figures that had haunted the dead man.  I wondered if Mrs. Fleming had told me all, or only half the truth.  That night, at the most peaceful spot I had ever known, Fred's home, occurred another inexplicable affair, one that left us all with racked nerves and listening, fearful ears.      That was to be Margery's last evening at Fred's. Edith had kept her as long as she could, but the girl felt that her place was with Miss Letitia. Edith was desolate.  "I don't know what I am going to do without you," she said that night when we were all together in the library, with a wood fire, for light and coziness more than heat. Margery was sitting before the fire, and while the others talked she sat mostly silent, looking into the blaze.  The May night was cold and rainy, and Fred had been reading us a poem he had just finished, receiving with indifference my comment on it, and basking in Edith's rapture.  "Do you know yourself what it is about?" I inquired caustically.  "If it's about anything, it isn't poetry," he replied. "Poetry appeals to the ear: it is primarily sensuous. If it is more than that it ceases to be poetry and becomes verse."  Edith yawned.  "I'm afraid I'm getting old," she said, "I'm getting the nap habit after dinner. Fred, run up, will you, and see if Katie put blankets over the boys?"  Fred stuffed his poem in his pocket and went resignedly up-stairs. Edith yawned again, and prepared to retire to the den for forty winks.  "If Ellen decides to come down-stairs," she called back over her shoulder, "please come and wake me. She said she felt better and might come down."  At the door she turned, behind Margery's back, and made me a sweeping and comprehensive signal. She finished it off with a double wink, Edith having never been able to wink one eye alone, and crossing the hall, closed the door of the den with an obtrusive bang.  Margery and I were alone. The girl looked at me, smiled a little, and drew a long breath.  "It's queer about Edith," I said; "I never before knew her to get drowsy after dinner. If she were not beyond suspicion, I would think it a deep-laid scheme, and she and Fred sitting and holding hands in a corner somewhere."  "But why--a scheme?" She had folded her hands in her lap, and the eternal ring sparkled malignantly.  "They might think I wanted to talk to you," I suggested.  "To me?"  "To you--The fact is, I do."  Perhaps I was morbid about the ring: it seemed to me she lifted her hand and looked at it.  "It's drafty in here: don't you think so?" she asked suddenly, looking back of her. Probably she had not meant it, but I got up and closed the door into the hall. When I came back I took the chair next to her, and for a moment we said nothing. The log threw out tiny red devil sparks, and the clock chimed eight, very slowly.  "Harry Wardrop was here last night," I said, poking down the log with my heel.  "Here?"  "Yes. I suppose I was wrong, but I did not say you were here."  She turned and looked at me closely, out of the most beautiful eyes I ever saw.  "I'm not afraid to see him," she said proudly, "and he ought not to be afraid to see me."  "I want to tell you something before you see him. Last night, before he came, I thought that--well, that at least he knew something of--the things we want to know."  "Yes?"  "In justice to him, and because I want to fight fair, I tell you to-night that I don't believe he knows anything about your father's death, and that I believe he was robbed that night at Bellwood."  "What about the pearls he sold at Plattsburg?" she asked suddenly.  "I think when the proper time comes, he will tell about that too, Margery." I did not notice my use of her name until too late. If she heard, she failed to resent it. "After all, if you love him, hardly anything else matters, does it? How do we know but that he was in trouble, and that Aunt Jane herself gave them to him?"  She looked at me with a little perplexity.  "You plead his cause very well," she said. "Did he ask you to speak to me?"  "I won't run a race with a man who is lame," I said quietly. "Ethically, I ought to go away and leave you to your dreams, but I am not going to do it. If you love Wardrop as a woman ought to love the man she marries, then marry him and I hope you will be happy. If you don't--no, let me finish. I have made up my mind to clear him if I can: to bring him to you with a clear slate. Then, I know it is audacious, but I am going to come, too, and--I'm going to plead for myself then, unless you send me away."  She sat with her head bent, her color coming and going nervously. Now she looked up at me with what was the ghost of a smile.  "It sounds like a threat," she said in a low voice. "And you--I wonder if you always get what you want?"  Then, of course, Fred came in, and fell over a hassock looking for matches. Edith opened the door of the den and called him to her irritably, but Fred declined to leave the wood fire, and settled down in his easy chair. After a while Edith came over and joined us, but she snubbed Fred the entire evening, to his bewilderment. And when conversation lagged, during the evening that followed, I tried to remember what I had said, and knew I had done very badly. Only one thing cheered me: she had not been angry, and she had understood. Blessed be the woman that understands!  We broke up for the night about eleven. Mrs. Butler had come down for a while, and had even played a little, something of Tschaikovsky's, a singing, plaintive theme that brought sadness back into Margery's face, and made me think, for no reason, of a wet country road and a plodding, back-burdened peasant.  Fred and I sat in the library for a while after the rest had gone, and I told him a little of what I had learned that afternoon.  "A second wife!" he said, "and a primitive type, eh? Well, did she shoot him, or did Schwartz? The Lady or the Democratic Tiger?"  "The Tiger," I said firmly.  "The Lady," Fred, with equal assurance.  Fred closed the house with his usual care. It required the combined efforts of the maids followed up by Fred, to lock the windows, it being his confident assertion that in seven years of keeping house, he had never failed to find at least one unlocked window.  On that night, I remember, he went around with his usual scrupulous care. Then we went up to bed, leaving a small light at the telephone in the lower hall: nothing else.  The house was a double one, built around a square hall below, which served the purpose of a general sitting-room. From the front door a short, narrow hall led back to this, with a room on either side, and from it doors led into the rest of the lower floor. At one side the stairs took the ascent easily, with two stops for landings, and up-stairs the bedrooms opened from a similar, slightly smaller square hall. Far off under a cloud of smoke a small object was rushing toward us and growing larger as it came.  Now it was on us, a mammoth in size, with huge drivers and a colossal tender. The engine leaped aside, as if just in time to save us from destruction, with a glimpse of a stooping fireman and a grimy engineer. The long train of sleepers followed. From a forward vestibule a porter in a white coat waved his hand. The rest of the cars seemed still wrapped in slumber. With mixed sensations I saw my own car, Ontario, fly past, and then I rose to my feet and gripped McKnight's shoulder.  On the lowest step at the last car, one foot hanging free, was a man. His black derby hat was pulled well down to keep it from blowing away, and his coat was flying open in the wind. He was swung well out from the car, his free hand gripping a small valise, every muscle tense for a jump.  "Good God, that's my man!" I said hoarsely, as the audience broke into applause. McKnight half rose: in his seat ahead Johnson stifled a yawn and turned to eye me.  I dropped into my chair limply, and tried to control my excitement. "The man on the last platform of the train," I said. "He was just about to leap; I'll swear that was my bag."  "Could you see his face?" McKnight asked in an undertone. "Would you know him again?"  "No. His hat was pulled down and his head was bent I'm going back to find out where that picture was taken. They say two miles, but it may have been forty."  The audience, busy with its wraps, had not noticed. Mrs. Dallas and Alison West had gone. In front of us Johnson had dropped his hat and was stooping for it.  "This way," I motioned to McKnight, and we wheeled into the narrow passage beside us, back of the boxes. At the end there was a door leading into the wings, and as we went boldly through I turned the key.  The final set was being struck, and no one paid any attention to us. Luckily they were similarly indifferent to a banging at the door I had locked, a banging which, I judged, signified Johnson.  "I guess we've broken up his interference," McKnight chuckled.  Stage hands were hurrying in every direction; pieces of the side wall of the last drawing-room menaced us; a switchboard behind us was singing like a tea-kettle. Everywhere we stepped we were in somebody's way. At last we were across, confronting a man in his shirt sleeves, who by dots and dashes of profanity seemed to be directing the chaos.  "Well?" he said, wheeling on us. "What can I do for you?"  "I would like to ask," I replied, "if you have any idea just where the last cinematograph picture was taken."  "Broken board--picnickers--lake?"  "No. The Washington Flier."  He glanced at my bandaged arm.  "The announcement says two miles," McKnight put in, "but we should like to know whether it is railroad miles, automobile miles, or policeman miles."  "I am sorry I can't tell you," he replied, more civilly. "We get those pictures by contract. We don't take them ourselves."  "Where are the company's offices?"  "New York." He stepped forward and grasped a super by the shoulder. "What in blazes are you doing with that gold chair in a kitchen set? Take that piece of pink plush there and throw it over a soap box, if you haven't got a kitchen chair."  I had not realized the extent of the shock, but now I dropped into a chair and wiped my forehead. The unexpected glimpse of Alison West, followed almost immediately by the revelation of the picture, had left me limp and unnerved. McKnight was looking at his watch.  "He says the moving picture people have an office down-town. We can make it if we go now."  So he called a cab, and we started at a gallop. There was no sign of the detective. "Upon my word," Richey said, "I feel lonely without him."  The people at the down-town office of the cinematograph company were very obliging. The picture had been taken, they said, at M-, just two miles beyond the scene of the wreck. It was not much, but it was something to work on. I decided not to go home, but to send McKnight's Jap for my clothes, and to dress at the Incubator. I was determined, if possible, to make my next day's investigations without Johnson. In the meantime, even if it was for the last time, I would see Her that night. I gave Stogie a note for Mrs. Klopton, and with my dinner clothes there came back the gold bag, wrapped in tissue paper.       Certain things about the dinner at the Dallas house will always be obscure to me. Dallas was something in the Fish Commission, and I remember his reeling off fish eggs in billions while we ate our caviar. He had some particular stunt he had been urging the government to for years--something about forbidding the establishment of mills and factories on river-banks--it seems they kill the fish, either the smoke, or the noise, or something they pour into the water.  Mrs. Dallas was there, I think. Of course, I suppose she must have been; and there was a woman in yellow: I took her in to dinner, and I remember she loosened my clams for me so I could get them. But the only real person at the table was a girl across in white, a sublimated young woman who was as brilliant as I was stupid, who never by any chance looked directly at me, and who appeared and disappeared across the candles and orchids in a sort of halo of radiance.  When the dinner had progressed from salmon to roast, and the conversation had done the same thing--from fish to scandal--the yellow gown turned to me. "We have been awfully good, haven't we, Mr. Blakeley?" she asked. "Although I am crazy to hear, I have not said 'wreck' once. I'm sure you must feel like the survivor of Waterloo, or something of the sort."  "If you want me to tell you about the wreck," I said, glancing across the table, "I'm sorry to be disappointing, but I don't remember anything."  "You are fortunate to be able to forget it." It was the first word Miss West had spoken directly to me, and it went to my head.  "There are some things I have not forgotten," I said, over the candles. "I recall coming to myself some time after, and that a girl, a beautiful girl--"  "Ah!" said the lady in yellow, leaning forward breathlessly. Miss West was staring at me coldly, but, once started, I had to stumble on.  "That a girl was trying to rouse me, and that she told me I had been on fire twice already." A shudder went around the table.  "But surely that isn't the end of the story," Mrs. Dallas put in aggrievedly. "Why, that's the most tantalizing thing I ever heard."  "I'm afraid that's all," I said. "She went her way and I went mine. If she recalls me at all, she probably thinks of me as a weak-kneed individual who faints like a woman when everything is over."  "What did I tell you?" Mrs. Dallas asserted triumphantly. "He fainted, did you hear? when everything was over! He hasn't begun to tell it."  I would have given a lot by that time if I had not mentioned the girl. But McKnight took it up there and carried it on.  "Blakeley is a regular geyser," he said. "He never spouts until he reaches the boiling point. And by that same token, although he hasn't said much about the Lady of the Wreck, I think he is crazy about her. In fact, I am sure of it. He thinks he has locked his secret in the caves of his soul, but I call you to witness that he has it nailed to his face. Look at him!"  I squirmed miserably and tried to avoid the startled eyes of the girl across the table. I wanted to choke McKnight and murder the rest of the party.  "It isn't fair," I said as coolly as I could. "I have my fingers crossed; you are five against one."  "And to think that there was a murder on that very train," broke in the lady in yellow. "It was a perfect crescendo of horrors, wasn't it? And what became of the murdered man, Mr. Blakeley?"  McKnight had the sense to jump into the conversation and save my reply.  "They say good Pittsburgers go to Atlantic City when they die," he said. "So--we are reasonably certain the gentleman did not go to the seashore."  The meal was over at last, and once in the drawing-room it was clear we hung heavy on the hostess' hands. "It is so hard to get people for bridge in September," she wailed, "there is absolutely nobody in town. Six is a dreadful number."  "It's a good poker number," her husband suggested.  The matter settled itself, however. I was hopeless, save as a dummy; Miss West said it was too hot for cards, and went out on a balcony that overlooked the Mall. With obvious relief Mrs. Dallas had the card-table brought, and I was face to face with the minute I had dreaded and hoped for for a week.  Now it had come, it was more difficult than I had anticipated. I do not know if there was a moon, but there was the urban substitute for it--the arc light. It threw the shadow of the balcony railing in long black bars against her white gown, and as it swung sometimes her face was in the light. I drew a chair close so that I could watch her.  "Do you know," I said, when she made no effort at speech, "that you are a much more formidable person to-night, in that gown, than you were the last time I saw you?"  The light swung on her face; she was smiling faintly. "The hat with the green ribbons!" she said. "I must take it back; I had almost forgotten."  "I have not forgotten--anything." I pulled myself up short. This was hardly loyalty to Richey. His voice came through the window just then, and perhaps I was wrong, but I thought she raised her head to listen.  "Look at this hand," he was saying. "Regular pianola: you could play it with your feet."  "He's a dear, isn't he?" Alison said unexpectedly. "No matter how depressed and downhearted I am, I always cheer up when I see Richey."  "He's more than that," I returned warmly. "He is the most honorable fellow I know. If he wasn't so much that way, he would have a career before him. He wanted to put on the doors of our offices, Blakeley and McKnight, P. B. H., which is Poor But Honest."  From my comparative poverty to the wealth of the girl beside me was a single mental leap. From that wealth to the grandfather who was responsible for it was another.  "I wonder if you know that I had been to Pittsburg to see your grandfather when I met you?" I said.  "You?" She was surprised.  "Yes. And you remember the alligator bag that I told you was exchanged for the one you cut off my arm?" She nodded expectantly. "Well, in that valise were the forged Andy Bronson notes, and Mr. Gilmore's deposition that they were forged."  She was on her feet in an instant. "In that bag!" she cried. "Oh, why didn't you tell me that before? Oh, it's so ridiculous, so--so hopeless. Why, I could--"  She stopped suddenly and sat down again. "I do not know that I am sorry, after all," she said after a pause. "Mr. Bronson was a friend of my father's. I--I suppose it was a bad thing for you, losing the papers?"  "Well, it was not a good thing," I conceded. "While we are on the subject of losing things, do you remember--do you know that I still have your gold purse?"  She did not reply at once. The shadow of a column was over her face, but I guessed that she was staring at me.  "You have it!" She almost whispered.  "I picked it up in the street car," I said, with a cheerfulness I did not feel. "It looks like a very opulent little purse."  Why didn't she speak about the necklace? For just a careless word to make me sane again!  "You!" she repeated, horror-stricken. And then I produced the purse and held it out on my palm. "I should have sent it to you before, I suppose, but, as you know, I have been laid up since the wreck."  We both saw McKnight at the same moment. He had pulled the curtains aside and was standing looking out at us. The tableau of give and take was unmistakable; the gold purse, her outstretched hand, my own attitude. It was over in a second; then he came out and lounged on the balcony railing.  "They're mad at me in there," he said airily, "so I came out. I suppose the reason they call it bridge is because so many people get cross over it."  The heat broke up the card group soon after, and they all came out for the night breeze. I had no more words alone with Alison.  I went back to the Incubator for the night. We said almost nothing on the way home; there was a constraint between us for the first time that I could remember. It was too early for bed, and so we smoked in the living-room and tried to talk of trivial things. After a time even those failed, and we sat silent. It was McKnight who finally broached the subject.  "And so she wasn't at Seal Harbor at all."  "No."  "Do you know where she was, Lollie?"  "Somewhere near Cresson."  "And that was the purse--her purse--with the broken necklace in it?"  "Yes, it was. You understand, don't you, Rich, that, having given her my word, I couldn't tell you?"  "I understand a lot of things," he said, without bitterness.  We sat for some time and smoked. Then Richey got up and stretched himself. "I'm off to bed, old man," he said. "Need any help with that game arm of yours?"  "No, thanks," I returned.  I heard him go into his room and lock the door. It was a bad hour for me. The first shadow between us, and the shadow of a girl at that.       McKnight is always a sympathizer with the early worm. It was late when he appeared. Perhaps, like myself, he had not slept well. But he was apparently cheerful enough, and he made a better breakfast than I did. It was one o'clock before we got to Baltimore. After a half hour's wait we took a local for M-, the station near which the cinematograph picture had been taken.  We passed the scene of the wreck, McKnight with curiosity, I with a sickening sense of horror. Back in the fields was the little farm-house where Alison West and I had intended getting coffee, and winding away from the track, maple trees shading it on each side, was the lane where we had stopped to rest, and where I had--it seemed presumption beyond belief now--where I had tried to comfort her by patting her hand.  We got out at M-, a small place with two or three houses and a general store. The station was a one-roomed affair, with a railed-off place at the end, where a scale, a telegraph instrument and a chair constituted the entire furnishing.  The station agent was a young man with a shrewd face. He stopped hammering a piece of wood over a hole in the floor to ask where we wanted to go.  "We're not going," said McKnight, "we're coming. Have a cigar?"  The agent took it with an inquiring glance, first at it and then at us.  "We want to ask you a few questions," began McKnight, perching himself on the railing and kicking the chair forward for me. "Or, rather, this gentleman does."  "Wait a minute," said the agent, glancing through the window. "There's a hen in that crate choking herself to death."  He was back in a minute, and took up his position near a sawdust-filled box that did duty as a cuspidor.  "Now fire away," he said.  "In the first place," I began, "do you remember the day the Washington Flier was wrecked below here?"  "Do I!" he said. "Did Jonah remember the whale?"  "Were you on the platform here when the first section passed?"  "I was."  "Do you recall seeing a man hanging to the platform of the last car?"  "There was no one hanging there when she passed here," he said with conviction. "I watched her out of sight."  "Did you see anything that morning of a man about my size, carrying a small grip, and wearing dark clothes and a derby hat?" I asked eagerly.  McKnight was trying to look unconcerned, but I was frankly anxious. It was clear that the man had jumped somewhere in the mile of track just beyond.  "Well, yes, I did." The agent cleared his throat. "When the smash came the operator at MX sent word along the wire, both ways. I got it here, and I was pretty near crazy, though I knew it wasn't any fault of mine.  "I was standing on the track looking down, for I couldn't leave the office, when a young fellow with light hair limped up to me and asked me what that smoke was over there.  "'That's what's left of the Washington Flier,' I said, 'and I guess there's souls going up in that smoke.'  "'Do you mean the first section?' he said, getting kind of greenish-yellow.  "'That's what I mean,' I said; 'split to kindling wood because Rafferty, on the second section, didn't want to be late.'  "He put his hand out in front of him, and the satchel fell with a bang.  "'My God!' he said, and dropped right on the track in a heap.  "I got him into the station and he came around, but he kept on groaning something awful. He'd sprained his ankle, and when he got a little better I drove him over in Carter's milk wagon to the Carter place, and I reckon he stayed there a spell."  "That's all, is it?" I asked.  "That's all--or, no, there's something else. About noon that day one of the Carter twins came down with a note from him asking me to send a long-distance message to some one in Washington."  "To whom?" I asked eagerly.  "I reckon I've forgot the name, but the message was that this fellow--Sullivan was his name--was at M-, and if the man had escaped from the wreck would he come to see him."  "He wouldn't have sent that message to me," I said to McKnight, rather crestfallen. "He'd have every object in keeping out of my way."  "There might be reasons," McKnight observed judicially. "He might not have found the papers then."  "Was the name Blakeley?" I asked.  "It might have been--I can't say. But the man wasn't there, and there was a lot of noise. I couldn't hear well. Then in half an hour down came the other twin to say the gentleman was taking on awful and didn't want the message sent."  "He's gone, of course?"  "Yes. Limped down here in about three days and took the noon train for the city."  It seemed a certainty now that our man, having hurt himself somewhat in his jump, had stayed quietly in the farm-house until he was able to travel. But, to be positive, we decided to visit the Carter place.  I gave the station agent a five-dollar bill, which he rolled up with a couple of others and stuck in his pocket. I turned as we got to a bend in the road, and he was looking curiously after us.  It was not until we had climbed the hill and turned onto the road to the Carter place that I realized where we were going. Although we approached it from another direction, I knew the farm-house at once. It was the one where Alison West and I had breakfasted nine days before. With the new restraint between us, I did not tell McKnight. I wondered afterward if he had suspected it. I saw him looking hard at the gate-post which had figured in one of our mysteries, but he asked no questions. He did not make a move toward her, but stood there with his very lips white, looking at her. And, at first, she did not make a move either, but stood and gazed at him, thin and white, a wreck of himself. Then:  "Ell!" she cried, and ran around the table to him, as he held out his arms.  The school-teacher was out. I went into the parlor bedroom and sat in the cozy corner in the dark. I had done a wrong thing, and I was glad of it. And sitting there in the darkness, I went over my own life again. After all, it had been my own life; I had lived it; no one else had shaped it for me. And if it was cheerless and colorless now, it had had its big moments. Life is measured by big moments.  If I let the two children in the dining-room have fifteen big moments, instead of five, who can blame me?      The next day was the sensational one of the trial. We went through every phase of conviction: Jennie Brice was living. Jennie Brice was dead. The body found at Sewickley could not be Jennie Brice's. The body found at Sewickley _was_ Jennie Brice's. And so it went on.  The defense did an unexpected thing in putting Mr. Ladley on the stand. That day, for the first time, he showed the wear and tear of the ordeal. He had no flower in his button-hole, and the rims of his eyes were red. But he was quite cool. His stage training had taught him not only to endure the eyes of the crowd, but to find in its gaze a sort of stimulant. He made a good witness, I must admit.  He replied to the usual questions easily. After five minutes or so Mr. Llewellyn got down to work.  "Mr. Ladley, you have said that your wife was ill the night of March fourth?"  "Yes."  "What was the nature of her illness?"  "She had a functional heart trouble, not serious."  "Will you tell us fully the events of that night?"  "I had been asleep when my wife wakened me. She asked for a medicine she used in these attacks. I got up and found the bottle, but it was empty. As she was nervous and frightened, I agreed to try to get some at a drug store. I went down-stairs, took Mrs. Pitman's boat, and went to several stores before I could awaken a pharmacist."  "You cut the boat loose?"  "Yes. It was tied in a woman's knot, or series of knots. I could not untie it, and I was in a hurry."  "How did you cut it?"  "With my pocket-knife."  "You did not use Mrs. Pitman's bread-knife?"  "I did not."  "And in cutting it, you cut your wrist, did you?"  "Yes. The knife slipped. I have the scar still."  "What did you do then?"  "I went back to the room, and stanched the blood with a towel."  "From whom did you get the medicine?"  "From Alexander's Pharmacy."  "At what time?"  "I am not certain. About three o'clock, probably."  "You went directly back home?"  Mr. Ladley hesitated. "No," he said finally. "My wife had had these attacks, but they were not serious. I was curious to see how the river-front looked and rowed out too far. I was caught in the current and nearly carried away."  "You came home after that?"  "Yes, at once. Mrs. Ladley was better and had dropped asleep. She wakened as I came in. She was disagreeable about the length of time I had been gone, and would not let me explain. We--quarreled, and she said she was going to leave me. I said that as she had threatened this before and had never done it, I would see that she really started. At daylight I rowed her to Federal Street."  "What had she with her?"  "A small brown valise."  "How was she dressed?"  "In a black and white dress and hat, with a long black coat."  "What was the last you saw of her?"  "She was going across the Sixth Street bridge."  "Alone?"  "No. She went with a young man we knew."  There was a stir in the court room at this.  "Who was the young man?"  "A Mr. Howell, a reporter on a newspaper here."  "Have you seen Mr. Howell since your arrest?"  "No, sir. He has been out of the city."  I was so excited by this time that I could hardly hear. I missed some of the cross-examination. The district attorney pulled Mr. Ladley's testimony to pieces.  "You cut the boat's painter with your pocket-knife?"  "I did."  "Then how do you account for Mrs. Pitman's broken knife, with the blade in your room?"  "I have no theory about it. She may have broken it herself. She had used it the day before to lift tacks out of a carpet."  That was true; I had.  "That early Monday morning was cold, was it not?"  "Yes. Very."  "Why did your wife leave without her fur coat?"  "I did not know she had until we had left the house. Then I did not ask her. She would not speak to me."  "I see. But is it not true that, upon a wet fur coat being shown you as your wife's, you said it could not be hers, as she had taken hers with her?"  "I do not recall such a statement."  "You recall a coat being shown you?"  "Yes. Mrs. Pitman brought a coat to my door, but I was working on a play I am writing, and I do not remember what I said. The coat was ruined. I did not want it. I probably said the first thing I thought of to get rid of the woman."  I got up at that. I'd held my peace about the bread-knife, but this was too much. However, the moment I started to speak, somebody pushed me back into my chair and told me to be quiet.  "Now, you say you were in such a hurry to get this medicine for your wife that you cut the rope, thus cutting your wrist."  "Yes. I have the scar still."  "You could not wait to untie the boat, and yet you went along the river-front to see how high the water was?"  "Her alarm had excited me. But when I got out, and remembered that the doctors had told us she would never die in an attack, I grew more composed."  "You got the medicine first, you say?"  "Yes."  "Mr. Alexander has testified that you got the medicine at three-thirty. It has been shown that you left the house at two, and got back about four. Does not this show that with all your alarm you went to the river-front first?"  "I was gone from two to four," he replied calmly. "Mr. Alexander must be wrong about the time I wakened him. I got the medicine first."  "When your wife left you at the bridge, did she say where she was going?"  "No."  "You claim that this woman at Horner was your wife?"  "I think it likely."  "Was there an onyx clock in the second-story room when you moved into it?"  "I do not recall the clock."  "Your wife did not take an onyx clock away with her?"  Mr. Ladley smiled. "No."  The defense called Mr. Howell next. He looked rested, and the happier for having seen Lida, but he was still pale and showed the strain of some hidden anxiety. What that anxiety was, the next two days were to tell us all.  "Mr. Howell," Mr. Llewellyn asked, "you know the prisoner?"  "Slightly."  "State when you met him."  "On Sunday morning, March the fourth. I went to see him."  "Will you tell us the nature of that visit?"  "My paper had heard he was writing a play for himself. I was to get an interview, with photographs, if possible."  "You saw his wife at that time?"  "Yes."  "When did you see her again?"  "The following morning, at six o'clock, or a little later. I walked across the Sixth Street bridge with her, and put her on a train for Horner, Pennsylvania."  "You are positive it was Jennie Brice?"  "Yes. I watched her get out of the boat, while her husband steadied it."  "If you knew this, why did you not come forward sooner?"  "I have been out of the city."  "But you knew the prisoner had been arrested, and that this testimony of yours would be invaluable to him."  "Yes. But I thought it necessary to produce Jennie Brice herself. My unsupported word--"  "You have been searching for Jennie Brice?"  "Yes. Since March the eighth."  "How was she dressed when you saw her last?"  "She wore a red and black hat and a black coat. She carried a small brown valise."  "Thank you."  The cross-examination did not shake his testimony. But it brought out some curious things. Mr. Howell refused to say how he happened to be at the end of the Sixth Street bridge at that hour, or why he had thought it necessary, on meeting a woman he claimed to have known only twenty-four hours, to go with her to the railway station and put her on a train.  The jury was visibly impressed and much shaken. For Mr. Howell carried conviction in every word he said; he looked the district attorney in the eye, and once when our glances crossed he even smiled at me faintly. But I saw why he had tried to find Jennie Brice, and had dreaded testifying. Not a woman in that court room, and hardly a man, but believed when he left the stand, that he was, or had been, Jennie Brice's lover, and as such was assisting her to leave her husband.  "Then you believe," the district attorney said at the end,--"you believe, Mr. Howell, that Jennie Brice is living?"  "Jennie Brice was living on Monday morning, March the fifth," he said firmly.  "Miss Shaeffer has testified that on Wednesday this woman, who you claim was Jennie Brice, sent a letter to you from Horner. Is that the case?"  "Yes."  "The letter was signed 'Jennie Brice'?"  "It was signed 'J.B.'"  "Will you show the court that letter?"  "I destroyed it."  "It was a personal letter?"  "It merely said she had arrived safely, and not to let any one know where she was."  "And yet you destroyed it?"  "A postscript said to do so."  "Why?"  "I do not know. An extra precaution probably."  "You were under the impression that she was going to stay there?"  "She was to have remained for a week."  "And you have been searching for this woman for two months?"  He quailed, but his voice was steady. "Yes," he admitted.  He was telling the truth, even if it was not all the truth. I believe, had it gone to the jury then, Mr. Ladley would have been acquitted. But, late that afternoon, things took a new turn. Counsel for the prosecution stated to the court that he had a new and important witness, and got permission to introduce this further evidence. The witness was a Doctor Littlefield, and proved to be my one-night tenant of the second-story front. Holcombe's prisoner of the night before took the stand. The doctor was less impressive in full daylight; he was a trifle shiny, a bit bulbous as to nose and indifferent as to finger-nails. But his testimony was given with due professional weight.  "You are a doctor of medicine, Doctor Littlefield?" asked the district attorney.  "Yes."  "In active practise?"  "I have a Cure for Inebriates in Des Moines, Iowa. I was formerly in general practise in New York City."  "You knew Jennie Ladley?"  "I had seen her at different theaters. And she consulted me professionally at one time in New York."  "You operated on her, I believe?"  "Yes. She came to me to have a name removed. It had been tattooed over her heart."  "You removed it?"  "Not at once. I tried fading the marks with goat's milk, but she was impatient. On the third visit to my office she demanded that the name be cut out."  "You did it?"  "Yes. She refused a general anesthetic and I used cocaine. The name was John--I believe a former husband. She intended to marry again."  A titter ran over the court room. People strained to the utmost are always glad of an excuse to smile. The laughter of a wrought-up crowd always seems to me half hysterical.  "Have you seen photographs of the scar on the body found at Sewickley? Or the body itself?"  "No, I have not."  "Will you describe the operation?"  "I made a transverse incision for the body of the name, and two vertical ones--one longer for the _J_, the other shorter, for the stem of the _h_. There was a dot after the name. I made a half-inch incision for it."  "Will you sketch the cicatrix as you recall it?"  The doctor made a careful drawing on a pad that was passed to him. The drawing was much like this.  Line for line, dot for dot, it was the scar on the body found at Sewickley.  "You are sure the woman was Jennie Brice?"  "She sent me tickets for the theater shortly after. And I had an announcement of her marriage to the prisoner, some weeks later."  "Were there any witnesses to the operation?"  "My assistant; I can produce him at any time."  That was not all of the trial, but it was the decisive moment. Shortly after, the jury withdrew, and for twenty-four hours not a word was heard from them.      After twenty-four hours' deliberation, the jury brought in a verdict of guilty. It was a first-degree verdict. Mr. Howell's unsupported word had lost out against a scar.  Contrary to my expectation, Mr. Holcombe was not jubilant over the verdict. He came into the dining-room that night and stood by the window, looking out into the yard.  "It isn't logical," he said. "In view of Howell's testimony, it's ridiculous! Heaven help us under this jury system, anyhow! Look at the facts! Howell knows the woman: he sees her on Monday morning, and puts her on a train out of town. The boy is telling the truth. He has nothing to gain by coming forward, and everything to lose. Very well: she was alive on Monday. We know where she was on Tuesday and Wednesday. Anyhow, during those days her gem of a husband was in jail. He was freed Thursday night, and from that time until his rearrest on the following Tuesday, I had him under observation every moment. He left the jail Thursday night, and on Saturday the body floated in at Sewickley. If it was done by Ladley, it must have been done on Friday, and on Friday he was in view through the periscope all day!"  Mr. Reynolds came in and joined us. "There's only one way out that I see," he said mildly. "Two women have been fool enough to have a name tattooed over their hearts. No woman ever thought enough of me to have _my_ name put on her."  "I hope not," I retorted. Mr. Reynold's first name is Zachariah.  But, as Mr. Holcombe said, all that had been proved was that Jennie Brice was dead, probably murdered. He could not understand the defense letting the case go to the jury without their putting more stress on Mr. Howell's story. But we were to understand that soon, and many other things. Mr. Holcombe told me that evening of learning from John Bellows of the tattooed name on Jennie Brice and of how, after an almost endless search, he had found the man who had cut the name away.  At eight o'clock the door-bell rang. Mr. Reynolds had gone to lodge, he being an Elk and several other things, and much given to regalia in boxes, and having his picture in the newspapers in different outlandish costumes. Mr. Pitman used to say that man, being denied his natural love for barbaric adornment in his every-day clothing, took to the different fraternities as an excuse for decking himself out. But this has nothing to do with the door-bell.  It was old Isaac. He had a basket in his hand, and he stepped into the hall and placed it on the floor.  "Evening, Miss Bess," he said. "Can you see a bit of company to-night?"  "I can always see you," I replied. But he had not meant himself. He stepped to the door, and opening it, beckoned to some one across the street. It was Lida!  She came in, her color a little heightened, and old Isaac stood back, beaming at us both; I believe it was one of the crowning moments of the old man's life--thus to see his Miss Bess and Alma's child together.  "Is--is he here yet?" she asked me nervously.  "I did not know he was coming." There was no need to ask which "he." There was only one for Lida.  "He telephoned me, and asked me to come here. Oh, Mrs. Pitman, I'm so afraid for him!" She had quite forgotten Isaac. I turned to the school-teacher's room and opened the door. "The woman who belongs here is out at a lecture," I said. "Come in here, Ikkie, and I'll find the evening paper for you.  "'Ikkie'!" said Lida, and stood staring at me. I think I went white.  "The lady heah and I is old friends," Isaac said, with his splendid manner. "Her mothah, Miss Lida, her mothah--"  But even old Isaac choked up at that, and I closed the door on him.  "How queer!" Lida said, looking at me. "So Isaac knew your mother? Have you lived always in Allegheny, Mrs. Pitman?"  "I was born in Pittsburgh," I evaded. "I went away for a long time, but I always longed for the hurry and activity of the old home town. So here I am again."  Fortunately, like all the young, her own affairs engrossed her. She was flushed with the prospect of meeting her lover, tremulous over what the evening might bring. The middle-aged woman who had come back to the hurry of the old town, and who, pushed back into an eddy of the flood district, could only watch the activity and the life from behind a "Rooms to Let" sign, did not concern her much. Nor should she have.  Mr. Howell came soon after. He asked for her, and going back to the dining-room, kissed her quietly. He had an air of resolve, a sort of grim determination, that was a relief from the half-frantic look he had worn before. He asked to have Mr. Holcombe brought down, and so behold us all, four of us, sitting around the table--Mr. Holcombe with his note-book, I with my mending, and the boy with one of Lida's hands frankly under his on the red table-cloth.  "I want to tell all of you the whole story," he began. "To-morrow I shall go to the district attorney and confess, but--I want you all to have it first. I can't sleep again until I get it off my chest. Mrs. Pitman has suffered through me, and Mr. Holcombe here has spent money and time--"  Lida did not speak, but she drew her chair closer, and put her other hand over his.  "I want to get it straight, if I can. Let me see. It was on Sunday, the fourth, that the river came up, wasn't it? Yes. Well, on the Thursday before that I met you, Mr. Holcombe, in a restaurant in Pittsburgh. Do you remember?"  Mr. Holcombe nodded.  "We were talking of crime, and I said no man should be hanged on purely circumstantial evidence. You affirmed that a well-linked chain of circumstantial evidence could properly hang a man. We had a long argument, in which I was worsted. There was a third man at the table--Bronson, the business manager of the Liberty Theater."  "Who sided with you," put in Mr. Holcombe, "and whose views I refused to entertain because, as publicity man for a theater, he dealt in fiction rather than in fact."  "Precisely. You may recall, Mr. Holcombe, that you offered to hang any man we would name, given a proper chain of circumstantial evidence against him?"  "Yes."  "After you left, Bronson spoke to me. He said business at the theater was bad, and complained of the way the papers used, or would not use, his stuff. He said the Liberty Theater had not had a proper deal, and that he was tempted to go over and bang one of the company on the head, and so get a little free advertising. I could not have borne, just then, to think that it was my poor Gertrude we had been hounding through the darkness, and yet--I had met Gertrude not far from that very window.  I went up-stairs at last, tired and depressed.  Mrs. Watson and Liddy were making tea in the kitchen.  In certain walks of life the tea-pot is the refuge in times of stress, trouble or sickness: they give tea to the dying and they put it in the baby's nursing bottle.  Mrs. Watson was fixing a tray to be sent in to me, and when I asked her about Rosie she confirmed her absence.  "She's not here," she said; "but I would not think much of that, Miss Innes.  Rosie is a pretty young girl, and perhaps she has a sweetheart. It will be a good thing if she has.  The maids stay much better when they have something like that to hold them here."  Gertrude had gone back to her room, and while I was drinking my cup of hot tea, Mr. Jamieson came in.  "We might take up the conversation where we left off an hour and a half ago," he said.  "But before we go on, I want to say this: The person who escaped from the laundry was a woman with a foot of moderate size and well arched.  She wore nothing but a stocking on her right foot, and, in spite of the unlocked door, she escaped by the window."  And again I thought of Gertrude's sprained ankle.  Was it the right or the left?    "Miss Innes," the detective began, "what is your opinion of the figure you saw on the east veranda the night you and your maid were in the house alone?"  "It was a woman," I said positively.  "And yet your maid affirms with equal positiveness that it was a man."  "Nonsense," I broke in.  "Liddy had her eyes shut--she always shuts them when she's frightened."  "And you never thought then that the intruder who came later that night might be a woman--the woman, in fact, whom you saw on the veranda?"  "I had reasons for thinking it was a man," I said remembering the pearl cuff-link.  "Now we are getting down to business.  WHAT were your reasons for thinking that?"  I hesitated.  "If you have any reason for believing that your midnight guest was Mr. Armstrong, other than his visit here the next night, you ought to tell me, Miss Innes.  We can take nothing for granted. If, for instance, the intruder who dropped the bar and scratched the staircase--you see, I know about that--if this visitor was a woman, why should not the same woman have come back the following night, met Mr. Armstrong on the circular staircase, and in alarm shot him?"  "It was a man," I reiterated.  And then, because I could think of no other reason for my statement, I told him about the pearl cuff-link. He was intensely interested.  "Will you give me the link," he said, when I finished, "or, at least, let me see it?  I consider it a most important clue."  "Won't the description do?"  "Not as well as the original."  "Well, I'm very sorry," I said, as calmly as I could, "I--the thing is lost.  It--it must have fallen out of a box on my dressing-table."  Whatever he thought of my explanation, and I knew he doubted it, he made no sign.  He asked me to describe the link accurately, and I did so, while he glanced at a list he took from his pocket.  "One set monogram cuff-links," he read, "one set plain pearl links, one set cuff-links, woman's head set with diamonds and emeralds.  There is no mention of such a link as you describe, and yet, if your theory is right, Mr. Armstrong must have taken back in his cuffs one complete cuff-link, and a half, perhaps, of the other."  The idea was new to me.  If it had not been the murdered man who had entered the house that night, who had it been?  "There are a number of strange things connected with this case," the detective went on.  "Miss Gertrude Innes testified that she heard some one fumbling with the lock, that the door opened, and that almost immediately the shot was fired.  Now, Miss Innes, here is the strange part of that.  Mr. Armstrong had no key with him.  There was no key in the lock, or on the floor.  In other words, the evidence points absolutely to this:  Mr. Armstrong was admitted to the house from within."  "It is impossible," I broke in.  "Mr. Jamieson, do you know what your words imply?  Do you know that you are practically accusing Gertrude Innes of admitting that man?"  "Not quite that," he said, with his friendly smile.  "In fact, Miss Innes, I am quite certain she did not.  But as long as I learn only parts of the truth, from both you and her, what can I do?  I know you picked up something in the flower bed: you refuse to tell me what it was.  I know Miss Gertrude went back to the billiard-room to get something, she refuses to say what.  You suspect what happened to the cuff-link, but you won't tell me. So far, all I am sure of is this:  I do not believe Arnold Armstrong was the midnight visitor who so alarmed you by dropping--shall we say, a golf-stick?  And I believe that when he did come he was admitted by some one in the house.  Who knows--it may have been--Liddy!"  I stirred my tea angrily.  "I have always heard," I said dryly, "that undertakers' assistants are jovial young men.  A man's sense of humor seems to be in inverse proportion to the gravity of his profession."  "A man's sense of humor is a barbarous and a cruel thing, Miss Innes," he admitted.  "It is to the feminine as the hug of a bear is to the scratch of--well;--anything with claws.  Is that you, Thomas?  Come in."  Thomas Johnson stood in the doorway.  He looked alarmed and apprehensive, and suddenly I remembered the sealskin dressing-bag in the lodge.  Thomas came just inside the door and stood with his head drooping, his eyes, under their shaggy gray brows, fixed on Mr. Jamieson.  "Thomas," said the detective, not unkindly, "I sent for you to tell us what you told Sam Bohannon at the club, the day before Mr. Arnold was found here, dead.  Let me see.  You came here Friday night to see Miss Innes, didn't you?  And came to work here Saturday morning?"  For some unexplained reason Thomas looked relieved.  "Yas, sah," he said.  "You see it were like this:  When Mistah Armstrong and the fam'ly went away, Mis' Watson an' me, we was lef' in charge till the place was rented.  Mis' Watson, she've bin here a good while, an' she warn' skeery.  So she slep' in the house.  I'd bin havin' tokens--I tol' Mis' Innes some of 'em--an' I slep' in the lodge. Then one day Mis' Watson, she came to me an' she sez, sez she, 'Thomas, you'll hev to sleep up in the big house.  I'm too nervous to do it any more.'  But I jes' reckon to myself that ef it's too skeery fer her, it's too skeery fer me.  We had it, then, sho' nuff, and it ended up with Mis' Watson stayin' in the lodge nights an' me lookin' fer work at de club."  "Did Mrs. Watson say that anything had happened to alarm her?"  "No, sah.  She was jes' natchally skeered.  Well, that was all, far's I know, until the night I come over to see Mis' Innes.  I come across the valley, along the path from the club-house, and I goes home that way. Down in the creek bottom I almost run into a man.  He wuz standin' with his back to me, an' he was workin' with one of these yere electric light things that fit in yer pocket.  He was havin' trouble--one minute it'd flash out, an' the nex' it'd be gone.  I hed a view of 'is white dress shirt an' tie, as I passed.  I didn't see his face.  But I know it warn't Mr. Arnold.  It was a taller man than Mr. Arnold.  Beside that, Mr. Arnold was playin' cards when I got to the club-house, same's he'd been doin' all day."  "And the next morning you came back along the path," pursued Mr. Jamieson relentlessly.  "The nex' mornin' I come back along the path an' down where I dun see the man night befoh, I picked up this here."  The old man held out a tiny object and Mr. Jamieson took it.  Then he held it on his extended palm for me to see.  It was the other half of the pearl cuff-link!  But Mr. Jamieson was not quite through questioning him.  "And so you showed it to Sam, at the club, and asked him if he knew any one who owned such a link, and Sam said--what?"  "Wal, Sam, he 'lowed he'd seen such a pair of cuff-buttons in a shirt belongin' to Mr. Bailey--Mr. Jack Bailey, sah."  "I'll keep this link, Thomas, for a while," the detective said. "That's all I wanted to know.  Good night."  As Thomas shuffled out, Mr. Jamieson watched me sharply.  "You see, Miss Innes," he said, "Mr. Bailey insists on mixing himself with this thing.  If Mr. Bailey came here that Friday night expecting to meet Arnold Armstrong, and missed him--if, as I say, he had done this, might he not, seeing him enter the following night, have struck him down, as he had intended before?"  "But the motive?" I gasped.  "There could be motive proved, I think.  Arnold Armstrong and John Bailey have been enemies since the latter, as cashier of the Traders' Bank, brought Arnold almost into the clutches of the law.  Also, you forget that both men have been paying attention to Miss Gertrude. Bailey's flight looks bad, too."  "And you think Halsey helped him to escape?"  "Undoubtedly.  Why, what could it be but flight?  Miss Innes, let me reconstruct that evening, as I see it.  Bailey and Armstrong had quarreled at the club.  I learned this to-day.  Your nephew brought Bailey over.  Prompted by jealous, insane fury, Armstrong followed, coming across by the path.  He entered the billiard-room wing--perhaps rapping, and being admitted by your nephew. Just inside he was shot, by some one on the circular staircase. The shot fired, your nephew and Bailey left the house at once, going toward the automobile house.  They left by the lower road, which prevented them being heard, and when you and Miss Gertrude got down-stairs everything was quiet."  "But--Gertrude's story," I stammered.  "Miss Gertrude only brought forward her explanation the following morning.  I do not believe it, Miss Innes.  It is the story of a loving and ingenious woman."  "And--this thing to-night?"  "May upset my whole view of the case.  We must give the benefit of every doubt, after all.  We may, for instance, come back to the figure on the porch: if it was a woman you saw that night through the window, we might start with other premises.  Or Mr. Innes' explanation may turn us in a new direction.  It is possible that he shot Arnold Armstrong as a burglar and then fled, frightened at what he had done.  In any case, however, I feel confident that the body was here when he left.  Mr. Armstrong left the club ostensibly for a moonlight saunter, about half after eleven o'clock.  It was three when the shot was fired."  I leaned back bewildered.  It seemed to me that the evening had been full of significant happenings, had I only held the key. Had Gertrude been the fugitive in the clothes chute?  Who was the man on the drive near the lodge, and whose gold-mounted dressing-bag had I seen in the lodge sitting-room?  It was late when Mr. Jamieson finally got up to go.  I went with him to the door, and together we stood looking out over the valley.  Below lay the village of Casanova, with its Old World houses, its blossoming trees and its peace.  Above on the hill across the valley were the lights of the Greenwood Club.  It was even possible to see the curving row of parallel lights that marked the carriage road.  Rumors that I had heard about the club came back--of drinking, of high play, and once, a year ago, of a suicide under those very lights.  Mr. Jamieson left, taking a short cut to the village, and I still stood there.  It must have been after eleven, and the monotonous tick of the big clock on the stairs behind me was the only sound.  Then I was conscious that some one was running up the drive.  In a minute a woman darted into the area of light made by the open door, and caught me by the arm.  It was Rosie--Rosie in a state of collapse from terror, and, not the least important, clutching one of my Coalport plates and a silver spoon.  She stood staring into the darkness behind, still holding the plate.  I got her into the house and secured the plate; then I stood and looked down at her where she crouched tremblingly against the doorway.  "Well," I asked, "didn't your young man enjoy his meal?"  She couldn't speak.  She looked at the spoon she still held--I wasn't so anxious about it: thank Heaven, it wouldn't chip--and then she stared at me.  "I appreciate your desire to have everything nice for him," I went on, "but the next time, you might take the Limoges china It's more easily duplicated and less expensive."  "I haven't a young man--not here."  She had got her breath now, as I had guessed she would.  "I--I have been chased by a thief, Miss Innes."  "Did he chase you out of the house and back again?" I asked.  Then Rosie began to cry--not silently, but noisily, hysterically.  I stopped her by giving her a good shake.  "What in the world is the matter with you?" I snapped.  "Has the day of good common sense gone by!  Sit up and tell me the whole thing."  Rosie sat up then, and sniffled.  "I was coming up the drive--" she began.  "You must start with when you went DOWN the drive, with my dishes and my silver," I interrupted, but, seeing more signs of hysteria, I gave in.  "Very well.  You were coming up the drive--"  "I had a basket of--of silver and dishes on my arm and I was carrying the plate, because--because I was afraid I'd break it. Part-way up the road a man stepped out of the bushes, and held his arm like this, spread out, so I couldn't get past.  He said--he said--'Not so fast, young lady; I want you to let me see what's in that basket.'"  She got up in her excitement and took hold of my arm.  "It was like this, Miss Innes," she said, "and say you was the man. When he said that, I screamed and ducked under his arm like this.  He caught at the basket and I dropped it.  I ran as fast as I could, and he came after as far as the trees.  Then he stopped.  Oh, Miss Innes, it must have been the man that killed that Mr. Armstrong!"  "Don't be foolish," I said.  "Whoever killed Mr. Armstrong would put as much space between himself and this house as he could.  Go up to bed now; and mind, if I hear of this story being repeated to the other maids, I shall deduct from your wages for every broken dish I find in the drive."  I listened to Rosie as she went up-stairs, running past the shadowy places and slamming her door.  Then I sat down and looked at the Coalport plate and the silver spoon.  I had brought my own china and silver, and, from all appearances, I would have little enough to take back.  But though I might jeer at Rosie as much as I wished, the fact remained that some one had been on the drive that night who had no business there.  Although neither had Rosie, for that matter.  I could fancy Liddy's face when she missed the extra pieces of china--she had opposed Rosie from the start.  If Liddy once finds a prophecy fulfilled, especially an unpleasant one, she never allows me to forget it.  It seemed to me that it was absurd to leave that china dotted along the road for her to spy the next morning; so with a sudden resolution, I opened the door again and stepped out into the darkness. As the door closed behind me I half regretted my impulse; then I shut my teeth and went on.  I have never been a nervous woman, as I said before.  Moreover, a minute or two in the darkness enabled me to see things fairly well. Beulah gave me rather a start by rubbing unexpectedly against my feet; then we two, side by side, went down the drive.  There were no fragments of china, but where the grove began I picked up a silver spoon.  So far Rosie's story was borne out:  I began to wonder if it were not indiscreet, to say the least, this midnight prowling in a neighborhood with such a deservedly bad reputation.  Then I saw something gleaming, which proved to be the handle of a cup, and a step or two farther on I found a V-shaped bit of a plate.  But the most surprising thing of all was to find the basket sitting comfortably beside the road, with the rest of the broken crockery piled neatly within, and a handful of small silver, spoon, forks, and the like, on top!  I could only stand and stare.  Then Rosie's story was true.  But where had Rosie carried her basket?  And why had the thief, if he were a thief, picked up the broken china out of the road and left it, with his booty?  It was with my nearest approach to a nervous collapse that I heard the familiar throbbing of an automobile engine.  As it came closer I recognized the outline of the Dragon Fly, and knew that Halsey had come back.  Strange enough it must have seemed to Halsey, too, to come across me in the middle of the night, with the skirt of my gray silk gown over my shoulders to keep off the dew, holding a red and green basket under one arm and a black cat under the other.  What with relief and joy, I began to cry, right there, and very nearly wiped my eyes on Beulah in the excitement.    "Aunt Ray!" Halsey said from the gloom behind the lamps.  "What in the world are you doing here?"  "Taking a walk," I said, trying to be composed.  I don't think the answer struck either of us as being ridiculous at the time. "Oh, Halsey, where have you been?"  "Let me take you up to the house."  He was in the road, and had Beulah and the basket out of my arms in a moment.  I could see the car plainly now, and Warner was at the wheel--Warner in an ulster and a pair of slippers, over Heaven knows what.  Jack Bailey was not there.  I got in, and we went slowly and painfully up to the house.  We did not talk.  What we had to say was too important to commence there, and, besides, it took all kinds of coaxing from both men to get the Dragon Fly up the last grade.  Only when we had closed the front door and stood facing each other in the hall, did Halsey say anything. He slipped his strong young arm around my shoulders and turned me so I faced the light.  "Poor Aunt Ray!" he said gently.  And I nearly wept again.  "I--I must see Gertrude, too; we will have a three-cornered talk."  And then Gertrude herself came down the stairs.  She had not been to bed, evidently: she still wore the white negligee she had worn earlier in the evening, and she limped somewhat.  During her slow progress down the stairs I had time to notice one thing:  Mr. Jamieson had said the woman who escaped from the cellar had worn no shoe on her right foot. Gertrude's right ankle was the one she had sprained!  The meeting between brother and sister was tense, but without tears. Halsey kissed her tenderly, and I noticed evidences of strain and anxiety in both young faces. "Nothing that I know could help you to find Halsey," she said stubbornly.  "I know absolutely as little of his disappearance as you do, and I can only say this: I do not trust Doctor Walker.  I think he hated Halsey, and he would get rid of him if he could."  "Perhaps you are right.  In fact, I had some such theory myself. But Doctor Walker went out late last night to a serious case in Summitville, and is still there.  Burns traced him there.  We have made guarded inquiry at the Greenwood Club, and through the village.  There is absolutely nothing to go on but this.  On the embankment above the railroad, at the point where we found the machine, is a small house. An old woman and a daughter, who is very lame, live there.  They say that they distinctly heard the shock when the Dragon Fly hit the car, and they went to the bottom of their garden and looked over.  The automobile was there; they could see the lights, and they thought someone had been injured.  It was very dark, but they could make out two figures, standing together.  The women were curious, and, leaving the fence, they went back and by a roundabout path down to the road. When they got there the car was still standing, the headlight broken and the bonnet crushed, but there was no one to be seen."  The detective went away immediately, and to Gertrude and me was left the woman's part, to watch and wait.  By luncheon nothing had been found, and I was frantic.  I went up-stairs to Halsey's room finally, from sheer inability to sit across from Gertrude any longer, and meet her terror-filled eyes.  Liddy was in my dressing-room, suspiciously red-eyed, and trying to put a right sleeve in a left armhole of a new waist for me.  I was too much shaken to scold.  "What name did that woman in the kitchen give?" she demanded, viciously ripping out the offending sleeve.  "Bliss.  Mattie Bliss," I replied.  "Bliss.  M. B.  Well, that's not what she has on he suitcase.  It is marked N. F. C."  The new cook and her initials troubled me not at all.  I put on my bonnet and sent for what the Casanova liveryman called a "stylish turnout."  Having once made up my mind to a course of action, I am not one to turn back.  Warner drove me; he was plainly disgusted, and he steered the livery horse as he would the Dragon Fly, feeling uneasily with his left foot for the clutch, and working his right elbow at an imaginary horn every time a dog got in the way.  Warner had something on his mind, and after we had turned into the road, he voiced it.  "Miss Innes," he said.  "I overheard a part of a conversation yesterday that I didn't understand.  It wasn't my business to understand it, for that matter.  But I've been thinking all day that I'd better tell you. Yesterday afternoon, while you and Miss Gertrude were out driving, I had got the car in some sort of shape again after the fire, and I went to the library to call Mr. Innes to see it.  I went into the living-room, where Miss Liddy said he was, and half-way across to the library I heard him talking to some one.  He seemed to be walking up and down, and he was in a rage, I can tell you."  "What did he say?"  "The first thing I heard was--excuse me, Miss Innes, but it's what he said, 'The damned rascal,' he said, 'I'll see him in'--well, in hell was what he said, 'in hell first.'  Then somebody else spoke up; it was a woman.  She said, 'I warned them, but they thought I would be afraid.'"  "A woman!  Did you wait to see who it was?"  "I wasn't spying, Miss Innes," Warner said with dignity.  "But the next thing caught my attention.  She said, 'I knew there was something wrong from the start.  A man isn't well one day, and dead the next, without some reason.'  I thought she was speaking of Thomas."  "And you don't know who it was!" I exclaimed.  "Warner, you had the key to this whole occurrence in your hands, and did not use it!"  However, there was nothing to be done.  I resolved to make inquiry when I got home, and in the meantime, my present errand absorbed me.  This was nothing less than to see Louise Armstrong, and to attempt to drag from her what she knew, or suspected, of Halsey's disappearance.  But here, as in every direction I turned, I was baffled.  A neat maid answered the bell, but she stood squarely in the doorway, and it was impossible to preserve one's dignity and pass her.  "Miss Armstrong is very ill, and unable to see any one," she said.  I did not believe her.  "And Mrs. Armstrong--is she also ill?"  "She is with Miss Louise and can not be disturbed."  "Tell her it is Miss Innes, and that it is a matter of the greatest importance."  "It would be of no use, Miss Innes.  My orders are positive."  At that moment a heavy step sounded on the stairs.  Past the maid's white-strapped shoulder I could see a familiar thatch of gray hair, and in a moment I was face to face with Doctor Stewart.  He was very grave, and his customary geniality was tinged with restraint.  "You are the very woman I want to see," he said promptly.  "Send away your trap, and let me drive you home.  What is this about your nephew?"  "He has disappeared, doctor.  Not only that, but there is every evidence that he has been either abducted, or--" I could not finish. The doctor helped me into his capacious buggy in silence.  Until we had got a little distance he did not speak; then he turned and looked at me.  "Now tell me about it," he said.  He heard me through without speaking.  "And you think Louise knows something?" he said when I had finished. "I don't--in fact, I am sure of it.  The best evidence of it is this: she asked me if he had been heard from, or if anything had been learned.  She won't allow Walker in the room, and she made me promise to see you and tell you this: don't give up the search for him.  Find him, and find him soon.  He is living."  "Well," I said, "if she knows that, she knows more.  She is a very cruel and ungrateful girl."  "She is a very sick girl," he said gravely.  "Neither you nor I can judge her until we know everything.  Both she and her mother are ghosts of their former selves.  Under all this, these two sudden deaths, this bank robbery, the invasions at Sunnyside and Halsey's disappearance, there is some mystery that, mark my words, will come out some day.  And when it does, we shall find Louise Armstrong a victim."  I had not noticed where we were going, but now I saw we were beside the railroad, and from a knot of men standing beside the track I divined that it was here the car had been found.  The siding, however, was empty.  Except a few bits of splintered wood on the ground, there was no sign of the accident.  "Where is the freight car that was rammed?" the doctor asked a bystander.  "It was taken away at daylight, when the train was moved."  There was nothing to be gained.  He pointed out the house on the embankment where the old lady and her daughter had heard the crash and seen two figures beside the car.  Then we drove slowly home.  I had the doctor put me down at the gate, and I walked to the house--past the lodge where we had found Louise, and, later, poor Thomas; up the drive where I had seen a man watching the lodge and where, later, Rosie had been frightened; past the east entrance, where so short a time before the most obstinate effort had been made to enter the house, and where, that night two weeks ago, Liddy and I had seen the strange woman.  Not far from the west wing lay the blackened ruins of the stables.  I felt like a ruin myself, as I paused on the broad veranda before I entered the house.  Two private detectives had arrived in my absence, and it was a relief to turn over to them the responsibility of the house and grounds.  Mr. Jamieson, they said, had arranged for more to assist in the search for the missing man, and at that time the country was being scoured in all directions.  The household staff was again depleted that afternoon.  Liddy was waiting to tell me that the new cook had gone, bag and baggage, without waiting to be paid.  No one had admitted the visitor whom Warner had heard in the library, unless, possibly, the missing cook.  Again I was working in a circle.     The four days, from Saturday to the following Tuesday, we lived, or existed, in a state of the most dreadful suspense.  We ate only when Liddy brought in a tray, and then very little.  The papers, of course, had got hold of the story, and we were besieged by newspaper men.  From all over the country false clues came pouring in and raised hopes that crumbled again to nothing. Every morgue within a hundred miles, every hospital, had been visited, without result.  Mr. Jamieson, personally, took charge of the organized search, and every evening, no matter where he happened to be, he called us by long distance telephone.  It was the same formula. "Nothing to-day.  A new clue to work on.  Better luck to-morrow."  And heartsick we would put up the receiver and sit down again to our vigil.  The inaction was deadly.  Liddy cried all day, and, because she knew I objected to tears, sniffled audibly around the corner.  "For Heaven's sake, smile!" I snapped at her.  And her ghastly attempt at a grin, with her swollen nose and red eyes, made me hysterical.  I laughed and cried together, and pretty soon, like the two old fools we were, we were sitting together weeping into the same handkerchief.  Things were happening, of course, all the time, but they made little or no impression.  The Charity Hospital called up Doctor Stewart and reported that Mrs. Watson was in a critical condition.  I understood also that legal steps were being taken to terminate my lease at Sunnyside.  Louise was out of danger, but very ill, and a trained nurse guarded her like a gorgon. There was a rumor in the village, brought up by Liddy from the butcher's, that a wedding had already taken place between Louise and Doctor Walkers and this roused me for the first time to action.  On Tuesday, then, I sent for the car, and prepared to go out.  As I waited at the porte-cochere I saw the under-gardener, an inoffensive, grayish-haired man, trimming borders near the house.  The day detective was watching him, sitting on the carriage block. When he saw me, he got up.  "Miss Innes," he said, taking of his hat, "do you know where Alex, the gardener, is?"  "Why, no.  Isn't he here?" I asked.  "He has been gone since yesterday afternoon.  Have you employed him long?"  "Only a couple of weeks."  "Is he efficient?  A capable man?"  "I hardly know," I said vaguely.  "The place looks all right, and I know very little about such things.  I know much more about boxes of roses than bushes of them."  "This man," pointing to the assistant, "says Alex isn't a gardener. That he doesn't know anything about plants."  "That's very strange," I said, thinking hard.  "Why, he came to me from the Brays, who are in Europe."  "Exactly."  The detective smiled.  "Every man who cuts grass isn't a gardener, Miss Innes, and just now it is our policy to believe every person around here a rascal until he proves to be the other thing."  Warner came up with the car then, and the conversation stopped.  As he helped me in, however, the detective said something further.  "Not a word or sign to Alex, if he comes back," he said cautiously.  I went first to Doctor Walker's.  I was tired of beating about the bush, and I felt that the key to Halsey's disappearance was here at Casanova, in spite of Mr. Jamieson's theories.  The doctor was in.  He came at once to the door of his consulting-room, and there was no mask of cordiality in his manner.  "Please come in," he said curtly.  "I shall stay here, I think, doctor."  I did not like his face or his manner; there was a subtle change in both.  He had thrown off the air of friendliness, and I thought, too, that he looked anxious and haggard.  "Doctor Walker," I said, "I have come to you to ask some questions.  I hope you will answer them.  As you know, my nephew has not yet been found."  "So I understand," stiffly.  "I believe, if you would, you could help us, and that leads to one of my questions.  Will you tell me what was the nature of the conversation you held with him the night he was attacked and carried off?"  "Attacked!  Carried off!" he said, with pretended surprise. "Really, Miss Innes, don't you think you exaggerate?  I understand it is not the first time Mr. Innes has--disappeared."  "You are quibbling, doctor.  This is a matter of life and death. Will you answer my question?"  "Certainly.  He said his nerves were bad, and I gave him a prescription for them.  I am violating professional ethics when I tell you even as much as that."  I could not tell him he lied.  I think I looked it.  But I hazarded a random shot.  "I thought perhaps," I said, watching him narrowly, "that it might be about--Nina Carrington."  For a moment I thought he was going to strike me.  He grew livid, and a small crooked blood-vessel in his temple swelled and throbbed curiously.  Then he forced a short laugh.  "Who is Nina Carrington?" he asked.  "I am about to discover that," I replied, and he was quiet at once.  It was not difficult to divine that he feared Nina Carrington a good deal more than he did the devil.  Our leave-taking was brief; in fact, we merely stared at each other over the waiting-room table, with its litter of year-old magazines.  Then I turned and went out.  "To Richfield," I told Warner, and on the way I thought, and thought hard.  "Nina Carrington, Nina Carrington," the roar and rush of the wheels seemed to sing the words.  "Nina Carrington, N. C."  And I then knew, knew as surely as if I had seen the whole thing. There had been an N. C. on the suit-case belonging to the woman with the pitted face.  How simple it all seemed.  Mattie Bliss had been Nina Carrington.  It was she Warner had heard in the library.  It was something she had told Halsey that had taken him frantically to Doctor Walker's office, and from there perhaps to his death.  If we could find the woman, we might find what had become of Halsey.  We were almost at Richfield now, so I kept on.  My mind was not on my errand there now.  It was back with Halsey on that memorable night. What was it he had said to Louise, that had sent her up to Sunnyside, half wild with fear for him?  I made up my mind, as the car drew up before the Tate cottage, that I would see Louise if I had to break into the house at night.  Almost exactly the same scene as before greeted my eyes at the cottage. Mrs. Tate, the baby-carriage in the path, the children at the swing--all were the same.  She came forward to meet me, and I noticed that some of the anxious lines had gone out of her face.  She looked young, almost pretty.  "I am glad you have come back," she said.  "I think I will have to be honest and give you back your money."  "Why?" I asked.  "Has the mother come?"  "No, but some one came and paid the boy's board for a month.  She talked to him for a long time, but when I asked him afterward he didn't know her name."  "A young woman?"  "Not very young.  About forty, I suppose.  She was small and fair-haired, just a little bit gray, and very sad.  She was in deep mourning, and, I think, when she came, she expected to go at once.  But the child, Lucien, interested her.  She talked to him for a long time, and, indeed, she looked much happier when she left."  "You are sure this was not the real mother?"  "O mercy, no!  Why, she didn't know which of the three was Lucien.  I thought perhaps she was a friend of yours, but, of course, I didn't ask."  "She was not--pock-marked?" I asked at a venture.  "No, indeed. A skin like a baby's.  But perhaps you will know the initials. She gave Lucien a handkerchief and forgot it.  It was very fine, black-bordered, and it had three hand-worked letters in the corner--F. B. A."  "No," I said with truth enough, "she is not a friend of mine." F. B. A. was Fanny Armstrong, without a chance of doubt!  With another warning to Mrs. Tate as to silence, we started back to Sunnyside.  So Fanny Armstrong knew of Lucien Wallace, and was sufficiently interested to visit him and pay for his support. Who was the child's mother and where was she?  Who was Nina Carrington?  Did either of them know where Halsey was or what had happened to him?  On the way home we passed the little cemetery where Thomas had been laid to rest.  I wondered if Thomas could have helped us to find Halsey, had he lived.  Farther along was the more imposing burial-ground, where Arnold Armstrong and his father lay in the shadow of a tall granite shaft.  Of the three, I think Thomas was the only one sincerely mourned.     The bitterness toward the dead president of the Traders' Bank seemed to grow with time.  Never popular, his memory was execrated by people who had lost nothing, but who were filled with disgust by constantly hearing new stories of the man's grasping avarice.  The Traders' had been a favorite bank for small tradespeople, and in its savings department it had solicited the smallest deposits.  People who had thought to be self-supporting to the last found themselves confronting the poorhouse, their two or three hundred dollar savings wiped away. All bank failures have this element, however, and the directors were trying to promise twenty per cent. on deposits.  But, like everything else those days, the bank failure was almost forgotten by Gertrude and myself.  We did not mention Jack Bailey: I had found nothing to change my impression of his guilt, and Gertrude knew how I felt.  As for the murder of the bank president's son, I was of two minds.  One day I thought Gertrude knew or at least suspected that Jack had done it; the next I feared that it had been Gertrude herself, that night alone on the circular staircase.  And then the mother of Lucien Wallace would obtrude herself, and an almost equally good case might be made against her.  There were times, of course, when I was disposed to throw all those suspicions aside, and fix definitely on the unknown, whoever that might be.  I had my greatest disappointment when it came to tracing Nina Carrington.  The woman had gone without leaving a trace.  Marked as she was, it should have been easy to follow her, but she was not to be found.  A description to one of the detectives, on my arrival at home, had started the ball rolling.  But by night she had not been found.  I told Gertrude, then, about the telegram to Louise when she had been ill before; about my visit to Doctor Walker, and my suspicions that Mattie Bliss and Nina Carrington were the same.  She thought, as I did, that there was little doubt of it.  I said nothing to her, however, of the detective's suspicions about Alex.  Little things that I had not noticed at the time now came back to me.  I had an uncomfortable feeling that perhaps Alex was a spy, and that by taking him into the house I had played into the enemy's hand. But at eight o'clock that night Alex himself appeared, and with him a strange and repulsive individual. "Well, broken china's death to rubber tires," he said.  "I hadn't any complaint against you people here, and the Dragon Fly was a good car."  So Rosie's highwayman was explained.  "Well, I telegraphed the doctor where Miss Louise was and I kept an eye on her.  Just a day or so before they came home with the body, I got another letter, telling me to watch for a woman who had been pitted with smallpox.  Her name was Carrington, and the doctor made things pretty strong.  If I found any such woman loafing around, I was not to lose sight of her for a minute until the doctor got back.  "Well, I would have had my hands full, but the other woman didn't show up for a good while, and when she did the doctor was home."  "Riggs," I asked suddenly, "did you get into this house a day or two after I took it, at night?"  "I did not, Miss Innes.  I have never been in the house before. Well, the Carrington woman didn't show up until the night Mr. Halsey disappeared.  She came to the office late, and the doctor was out.  She waited around, walking the floor and working herself into a passion. When the doctor didn't come back, she was in an awful way.  She wanted me to hunt him, and when he didn't appear, she called him names; said he couldn't fool her. There was murder being done, and she would see him swing for it.  "She struck me as being an ugly customer, and when she left, about eleven o'clock, and went across to the Armstrong place, I was not far behind her.  She walked all around the house first, looking up at the windows.  Then she rang the bell, and the minute the door was opened she was through it, and into the hall."  "How long did she stay?"  "That's the queer part of it," Riggs said eagerly.  "She didn't come out that night at all.  I went to bed at daylight, and that was the last I heard of her until the next day, when I saw her on a truck at the station, covered with a sheet.  She'd been struck by the express and you would hardly have known her--dead, of course.  I think she stayed all night in the Armstrong house, and the agent said she was crossing the track to take the up-train to town when the express struck her."  "Another circle!" I exclaimed.  "Then we are just where we started."  "Not so bad as that, Miss Innes," Riggs said eagerly.  "Nina Carrington came from the town in California where Mr. Armstrong died.  Why was the doctor so afraid of her?  The Carrington woman knew something.  I lived with Doctor Walker seven years, and I know him well.  There are few things he is afraid of.  I think he killed Mr. Armstrong out in the west somewhere, that's what I think.  What else he did I don't know--but he dismissed me and pretty nearly throttled me--for telling Mr. Jamieson here about Mr. Innes' having been at his office the night he disappeared, and about my hearing them quarreling."  "What was it Warner overheard the woman say to Mr. Innes, in the library?" the detective asked me.  "She said 'I knew there was something wrong from the start.  A man isn't well one day and dead the next without some reason.'"  How perfectly it all seemed to fit!     It was on Wednesday Riggs told us the story of his connection with some incidents that had been previously unexplained.  Halsey had been gone since the Friday night before, and with the passage of each day I felt that his chances were lessening.  I knew well enough that he might be carried thousands of miles in the box-car, locked in, perhaps, without water or food.  I had read of cases where bodies had been found locked in cars on isolated sidings in the west, and my spirits went down with every hour.  His recovery was destined to be almost as sudden as his disappearance, and was due directly to the tramp Alex had brought to Sunnyside.  It seems the man was grateful for his release, and when he learned some thing of Halsey's whereabouts from another member of his fraternity--for it is a fraternity--he was prompt in letting us know.  On Wednesday evening Mr. Jamieson, who had been down at the Armstrong house trying to see Louise--and failing--was met near the gate at Sunnyside by an individual precisely as repulsive and unkempt as the one Alex had captured.  The man knew the detective, and he gave him a piece of dirty paper, on which was scrawled the words--"He's at City Hospital, Johnsville."  The tramp who brought the paper pretended to know nothing, except this: the paper had been passed along from a "hobo" in Johnsville, who seemed to know the information would be valuable to us.  Again the long distance telephone came into requisition.  Mr. Jamieson called the hospital, while we crowded around him.  And when there was no longer any doubt that it was Halsey, and that he would probably recover, we all laughed and cried together.  I am sure I kissed Liddy, and I have had terrible moments since when I seem to remember kissing Mr. Jamieson, too, in the excitement.  Anyhow, by eleven o'clock that night Gertrude was on her way to Johnsville, three hundred and eighty miles away, accompanied by Rosie. The domestic force was now down to Mary Anne and Liddy, with the under-gardener's wife coming every day to help out. Fortunately, Warner and the detectives were keeping bachelor hall in the lodge.  Out of deference to Liddy they washed their dishes once a day, and they concocted queer messes, according to their several abilities.  They had one triumph that they ate regularly for breakfast, and that clung to their clothes and their hair the rest of the day.  It was bacon, hardtack and onions, fried together.  They were almost pathetically grateful, however, I noticed, for an occasional broiled tenderloin.  It was not until Gertrude and Rosie had gone and Sunnyside had settled down for the night, with Winters at the foot of the staircase, that Mr. Jamieson broached a subject he had evidently planned before he came.  "Miss Innes," he said, stopping me as I was about to go to my room up-stairs, "how are your nerves tonight?"  "I have none," I said happily.  "With Halsey found, my troubles have gone."  "I mean," he persisted, "do you feel as though you could go through with something rather unusual?"  "The most unusual thing I can think of would be a peaceful night.  But if anything is going to occur, don't dare to let me miss it."  "Something is going to occur," he said.  "And you're the only woman I can think of that I can take along."  He looked at his watch.  "Don't ask me any questions, Miss Innes.  Put on heavy shoes, and some old dark clothes, and make up your mind not to be surprised at anything."  Liddy was sleeping the sleep of the just when I went up-stairs, and I hunted out my things cautiously.  The detective was waiting in the hall, and I was astonished to see Doctor Stewart with him.  They were talking confidentially together, but when I came down they ceased.  There were a few preparations to be made: the locks to be gone over, Winters to be instructed as to renewed vigilance, and then, after extinguishing the hall light, we crept, in the darkness, through the front door, and into the night.  I asked no questions.  I felt that they were doing me honor in making me one of the party, and I would show them I could be as silent as they.  We went across the fields, passing through the woods that reached almost to the ruins of the stable, going over stiles now and then, and sometimes stepping over low fences. Once only somebody spoke, and then it was an emphatic bit of profanity from Doctor Stewart when he ran into a wire fence.  We were joined at the end of five minutes by another man, who fell into step with the doctor silently.  He carried something over his shoulder which I could not make out.  In this way we walked for perhaps twenty minutes.  I had lost all sense of direction: I merely stumbled along in silence, allowing Mr. Jamieson to guide me this way or that as the path demanded.  I hardly know what I expected.  Once, when through a miscalculation I jumped a little short over a ditch and landed above my shoe-tops in the water and ooze, I remember wondering if this were really I, and if I had ever tasted life until that summer.  I walked along with the water sloshing in my boots, and I was actually cheerful. I remember whispering to Mr. Jamieson that I had never seen the stars so lovely, and that it was a mistake, when the Lord had made the night so beautiful, to sleep through it!  The doctor was puffing somewhat when we finally came to a halt. I confess that just at that minute even Sunnyside seemed a cheerful spot. We had paused at the edge of a level cleared place, bordered all around with primly trimmed evergreen trees.  Between them I caught a glimpse of starlight shining down on rows of white headstones and an occasional more imposing monument, or towering shaft.  In spite of myself, I drew my breath in sharply.  We were on the edge of the Casanova churchyard.  I saw now both the man who had joined the party and the implements he carried.  It was Alex, armed with two long-handled spades.  After the first shock of surprise, I flatter myself I was both cool and quiet. We went in single file between the rows of headstones, and although, when I found myself last, I had an instinctive desire to keep looking back over my shoulder, I found that, the first uneasiness past, a cemetery at night is much the same as any other country place, filled with vague shadows and unexpected noises.  Once, indeed--but Mr. Jamieson said it was an owl, and I tried to believe him.  In the shadow of the Armstrong granite shaft we stopped.  I think the doctor wanted to send me back.  "It's no place for a woman," I heard him protesting angrily.  But the detective said something about witnesses, and the doctor only came over and felt my pulse.  "Anyhow, I don't believe you're any worse off here than you would be in that nightmare of a house," he said finally, and put his coat on the steps of the shaft for me to sit on.  There is an air of finality about a grave: one watches the earth thrown in, with the feeling that this is the end.  Whatever has gone before, whatever is to come in eternity, that particular temple of the soul has been given back to the elements from which it came.  Thus, there is a sense of desecration, of a reversal of the everlasting fitness of things, in resurrecting a body from its mother clay.  And yet that night, in the Casanova churchyard, I sat quietly by, and watched Alex and Mr. Jamieson steaming over their work, without a single qualm, except the fear of detection.  The doctor kept a keen lookout, but no one appeared.  Once in a while he came over to me, and gave me a reassuring pat on the shoulder.  "I never expected to come to this," he said once.  "There's one thing sure--I'll not be suspected of complicity.  A doctor is generally supposed to be handier at burying folks than at digging them up."  The uncanny moment came when Alex and Jamieson tossed the spades on the grass, and I confess I hid my face.  There was a period of stress, I think, while the heavy coffin was being raised.  I felt that my composure was going, and, for fear I would shriek, I tried to think of something else--what time Gertrude would reach Halsey--anything but the grisly reality that lay just beyond me on the grass.  And then I heard a low exclamation from the detective and I felt the pressure of the doctor's fingers on my arm.  "Now, Miss Innes," he said gently.  "If you will come over--"  I held on to him frantically, and somehow I got there and looked down. The lid of the casket had been raised and a silver plate on it proved we had made no mistake.  But the face that showed in the light of the lantern was a face I had never seen before.  The man who lay before us was not Paul Armstrong!     What with the excitement of the discovery, the walk home under the stars in wet shoes and draggled skirts, and getting up-stairs and undressed without rousing Liddy, I was completely used up. What to do with my boots was the greatest puzzle of all, there being no place in the house safe from Liddy, until I decided to slip upstairs the next morning and drop them into the hole the "ghost" had made in the trunk-room wall.  I went asleep as soon as I reached this decision, and in my dreams I lived over again the events of the night.  Again I saw the group around the silent figure on the grass, and again, as had happened at the grave, I heard Alex's voice, tense and triumphant:  "Then we've got them," he said.  Only, in my dreams, he said it over and over until he seemed to shriek it in my ears.  I wakened early, in spite of my fatigue, and lay there thinking. Who was Alex?  I no longer believed that he was a gardener.  Who was the man whose body we had resurrected?  And where was Paul Armstrong? Probably living safely in some extraditionless country on the fortune he had stolen.  Did Louise and her mother know of the shameful and wicked deception?  What had Thomas known, and Mrs. Watson?  Who was Nina Carrington?  This last question, it seemed to me, was answered.  In some way the woman had learned of the substitution, and had tried to use her knowledge for blackmail.  Nina Carrington's own story died with her, but, however it happened, it was clear that she had carried her knowledge to Halsey the afternoon Gertrude and I were looking for clues to the man I had shot on the east veranda. Halsey had been half crazed by what he heard; it was evident that Louise was marrying Doctor Walker to keep the shameful secret, for her mother's sake.  Halsey, always reckless, had gone at once to Doctor Walker and denounced him.  There had been a scene, and he left on his way to the station to meet and notify Mr. Jamieson of what he had learned.  The doctor was active mentally and physically.  Accompanied perhaps by Riggs, who had shown himself not overscrupulous until he quarreled with his employer, he had gone across to the railroad embankment, and, by jumping in front of the car, had caused Halsey to swerve.  The rest of the story we knew.  That was my reconstructed theory of that afternoon and evening: it was almost correct--not quite.  There was a telegram that morning from Gertrude.   "Halsey conscious and improving.  Probably home in day or so.                                             GERTRUDE."   With Halsey found and improving in health, and with at last something to work on, I began that day, Thursday, with fresh courage.  As Mr. Jamieson had said, the lines were closing up. That I was to be caught and almost finished in the closing was happily unknown to us all.  It was late when I got up.  I lay in my bed, looking around the four walls of the room, and trying to imagine behind what one of them a secret chamber might lie.  Certainly, in daylight, Sunnyside deserved its name: never was a house more cheery and open, less sinister in general appearance.  There was not a corner apparently that was not open and above-board, and yet, somewhere behind its handsomely papered walls I believed firmly that there lay a hidden room, with all the possibilities it would involve.  I made a mental note to have the house measured during the day, to discover any discrepancy between the outer and inner walls, and I tried to recall again the exact wording of the paper Jamieson had found.  The slip had said "chimney."  It was the only clue, and a house as large as Sunnyside was full of them.  There was an open fireplace in my dressing-room, but none in the bedroom, and as I lay there, looking around, I thought of something that made me sit up suddenly.  The trunk-room, just over my head, had an open fireplace and a brick chimney, and yet, there was nothing of the kind in my room.  I got out of bed and examined the opposite wall closely.  There was apparently no flue, and I knew there was none in the hall just beneath.  The house was heated by steam, as I have said before.  In the living-room was a huge open fireplace, but it was on the other side.  Why did the trunk-room have both a radiator and an open fireplace? Architects were not usually erratic!  It was not fifteen minutes before I was up-stairs, armed with a tape-measure in lieu of a foot-rule, eager to justify Mr. Jamieson's opinion of my intelligence, and firmly resolved not to tell him of my suspicion until I had more than theory to go on.  The hole in the trunk-room wall still yawned there, between the chimney and the outer wall.  I examined it again, with no new result. The space between the brick wall and the plaster and lath one, however, had a new significance.  The hole showed only one side of the chimney, and I determined to investigate what lay in the space on the other side of the mantel.  I worked feverishly.  Liddy had gone to the village to market, it being her firm belief that the store people sent short measure unless she watched the scales, and that, since the failure of the Traders' Bank, we must watch the corners; and I knew that what I wanted to do must be done before she came back.  I had no tools, but after rummaging around I found a pair of garden scissors and a hatchet, and thus armed, I set to work.  The plaster came out easily: the lathing was more obstinate. It gave under the blows, only to spring back into place again, and the necessity for caution made it doubly hard.  I had a blister on my palm when at last the hatchet went through and fell with what sounded like the report of a gun to my overstrained nerves.  I sat on a trunk, waiting to hear Liddy fly up the stairs, with the household behind her, like the tail of a comet.  But nothing happened, and with a growing feeling of uncanniness I set to work enlarging the opening.  The result was absolutely nil.  When I could hold a lighted candle in the opening, I saw precisely what I had seen on the other side of the chimney--a space between the true wall and the false one, possibly seven feet long and about three feet wide. It was in no sense of the word a secret chamber, and it was evident it had not been disturbed since the house was built.  It was a supreme disappointment.  It had been Mr. Jamieson's idea that the hidden room, if there was one, would be found somewhere near the circular staircase. In fact, I knew that he had once investigated the entire length of the clothes chute, hanging to a rope, with this in view.  I was reluctantly about to concede that he had been right, when my eyes fell on the mantel and fireplace.  The latter had evidently never been used: it was closed with a metal fire front, and only when the front refused to move, and investigation showed that it was not intended to be moved, did my spirits revive.  I hurried into the next room.  Yes, sure enough, there was a similar mantel and fireplace there, similarly closed.  In both rooms the chimney flue extended well out from the wall.  I measured with the tape-line, my hands trembling so that I could scarcely hold it.  They extended two feet and a half into each room, which, with the three feet of space between the two partitions, made eight feet to be accounted for.  Eight feet in one direction and almost seven in the other--what a chimney it was! "Is everything--right?" she asked.  "Right as can be," with forced cheerfulness.  I lighted the living-room and we went in there.  Only a half-hour before I had sat with Mr. Jamieson in that very room, listening while he overtly accused both Gertrude and Halsey of at least a knowledge of the death of Arnold Armstrong.  Now Halsey was here to speak for himself:  I should learn everything that had puzzled me.  "I saw it in the paper to-night for the first time," he was saying. "It knocked me dumb.  When I think of this houseful of women, and a thing like that occurring!"  Gertrude's face was still set and white.  "That isn't all, Halsey," she said.  "You and--and Jack left almost at the time it happened.  The detective here thinks that you--that we--know something about it."  "The devil he does!" Halsey's eyes were fairly starting from his head. "I beg your pardon, Aunt Ray, but--the fellow's a lunatic."  "Tell me everything, won't you, Halsey?" I begged.  "Tell me where you went that night, or rather morning, and why you went as you did.  This has been a terrible forty-eight hours for all of us."  He stood staring at me, and I could see the horror of the situation dawning in his face.  "I can't tell you where I went, Aunt Ray," he said, after a moment. "As to why, you will learn that soon enough.  But Gertrude knows that Jack and I left the house before this thing--this horrible murder--occurred."  "Mr. Jamieson does not believe me," Gertrude said drearily. "Halsey, if the worst comes, if they should arrest you, you must--tell."  "I shall tell nothing," he said with a new sternness in his voice. "Aunt Ray, it was necessary for Jack and me to leave that night.  I can not tell you why--just yet.  As to where we went, if I have to depend on that as an alibi, I shall not tell.  The whole thing is an absurdity, a trumped-up charge that can not possibly be serious."  "Has Mr. Bailey gone back to the city," I demanded, "or to the club?"  "Neither," defiantly; "at the present moment I do not know where he is."  "Halsey," I asked gravely, leaning forward, "have you the slightest suspicion who killed Arnold Armstrong?  The police think he was admitted from within, and that he was shot down from above, by someone on the circular staircase."  "I know nothing of it," he maintained; but I fancied I caught a sudden glance at Gertrude, a flash of something that died as it came.  As quietly, as calmly as I could, I went over the whole story, from the night Liddy and I had been alone up to the strange experience of Rosie and her pursuer.  The basket still stood on the table, a mute witness to this last mystifying occurrence.  "There is something else," I said hesitatingly, at the last. "Halsey, I have never told this even to Gertrude, but the morning after the crime, I found, in a tulip bed, a revolver.  It--it was yours, Halsey."  For an appreciable moment Halsey stared at me.  Then he turned to Gertrude.  "My revolver, Trude!" he exclaimed.  "Why, Jack took my revolver with him, didn't he?"  "Oh, for Heaven's sake don't say that," I implored.  "The detective thinks possibly Jack Bailey came back, and--and the thing happened then."  "He didn't come back," Halsey said sternly.  "Gertrude, when you brought down a revolver that night for Jack to take with him, what one did you bring?  Mine?"  Gertrude was defiant now.  "No.  Yours was loaded, and I was afraid of what Jack might do.  I gave him one I have had for a year or two.  It was empty."  Halsey threw up both hands despairingly.  "If that isn't like a girl!" he said.  "Why didn't you do what I asked you to, Gertrude?  You send Bailey off with an empty gun, and throw mine in a tulip bed, of all places on earth!  Mine was a thirty-eight caliber.  The inquest will show, of course, that the bullet that killed Armstrong was a thirty-eight.  Then where shall I be?"  "You forget," I broke in, "that I have the revolver, and that no one knows about it."   But Gertrude had risen angrily.  "I can not stand it; it is always with me," she cried.  "Halsey, I did not throw your revolver into the tulip bed. I--think--you--did it--yourself!"  They stared at each other across the big library table, with young eyes all at once hard, suspicious.  And then Gertrude held out both hands to him appealingly.  "We must not," she said brokenly.  "Just now, with so much at stake, it--is shameful.  I know you are as ignorant as I am. Make me believe it, Halsey."  Halsey soothed her as best he could, and the breach seemed healed.  But long after I went to bed he sat down-stairs in the living-room alone, and I knew he was going over the case as he had learned it.  Some things were clear to him that were dark to me.  He knew, and Gertrude, too, why Jack Bailey and he had gone away that night, as they did.  He knew where they had been for the last forty-eight hours, and why Jack Bailey had not returned with him.  It seemed to me that without fuller confidence from both the children--they are always children to me--I should never be able to learn anything.  As I was finally getting ready for bed, Halsey came up-stairs and knocked at my door.  When I had got into a negligee--I used to say wrapper before Gertrude came back from school--I let him in. He stood in the doorway a moment, and then he went into agonies of silent mirth. I sat down on the side of the bed and waited in severe silence for him to stop, but he only seemed to grow worse.  When he had recovered he took me by the elbow and pulled me in front of the mirror.  "'How to be beautiful,'" he quoted.  "'Advice to maids and matrons,' by Beatrice Fairfax!"  And then I saw myself.  I had neglected to remove my wrinkle eradicators, and I presume my appearance was odd.  I believe that it is a woman's duty to care for her looks, but it is much like telling a necessary falsehood--one must not be found out.  By the time I got them off Halsey was serious again, and I listened to his story.  "Aunt Ray," he began, extinguishing his cigarette on the back of my ivory hair-brush, "I would give a lot to tell you the whole thing. But--I can't, for a day or so, anyhow.  But one thing I might have told you a long time ago.  If you had known it, you would not have suspected me for a moment of--of having anything to do with the attack on Arnold Armstrong.  Goodness knows what I might do to a fellow like that, if there was enough provocation, and I had a gun in my hand--under ordinary circumstances.  But--I care a great deal about Louise Armstrong, Aunt Ray.  I hope to marry her some day.  Is it likely I would kill her brother?"  "Her stepbrother," I corrected.  "No, of course, it isn't likely, or possible.  Why didn't you tell me, Halsey?"  "Well, there were two reasons," he said slowly.  "One was that you had a girl already picked out for me--"  "Nonsense," I broke in, and felt myself growing red.  I had, indeed, one of the--but no matter.  "And the second reason," he pursued, "was that the Armstrongs would have none of me."  I sat bolt upright at that and gasped.  "The Armstrongs!" I repeated.  "With old Peter Armstrong driving a stage across the mountains while your grandfather was war governor--"  "Well, of course, the war governor's dead, and out of the matrimonial market," Halsey interrupted.  "And the present Innes admits himself he isn't good enough for--for Louise."  "Exactly," I said despairingly, "and, of course, you are taken at your own valuation.  The Inneses are not always so self-depreciatory."  "Not always, no," he said, looking at me with his boyish smile. "Fortunately, Louise doesn't agree with her family.  She's willing to take me, war governor or no, provided her mother consents.  She isn't overly-fond of her stepfather, but she adores her mother.  And now, can't you see where this thing puts me?  Down and out, with all of them."  "But the whole thing is absurd," I argued.  "And besides, Gertrude's sworn statement that you left before Arnold Armstrong came would clear you at once."  Halsey got up and began to pace the room, and the air of cheerfulness dropped like a mask.  "She can't swear it," he said finally.  "Gertrude's story was true as far as it went, but she didn't tell everything.  Arnold Armstrong came here at two-thirty--came into the billiard-room and left in five minutes.  He came to bring--something."  "Halsey," I cried, "you MUST tell me the whole truth.  Every time I see a way for you to escape you block it yourself with this wall of mystery.  What did he bring?"  "A telegram--for Bailey," he said.  "It came by special messenger from town, and was--most important.  Bailey had started for here, and the messenger had gone back to the city.  The steward gave it to Arnold, who had been drinking all day and couldn't sleep, and was going for a stroll in the direction of Sunnyside."  "And he brought it?"  "Yes."  "What was in the telegram?"  "I can tell you--as soon as certain things are made public.  It is only a matter of days now," gloomily.  "And Gertrude's story of a telephone message?"  "Poor Trude!" he half whispered.  "Poor loyal little girl! Aunt Ray, there was no such message.  No doubt your detective already knows that and discredits all Gertrude told him."  "And when she went back, it was to get--the telegram?"  "Probably," Halsey said slowly.  "When you get to thinking about it, Aunt Ray, it looks bad for all three of us, doesn't it?  And yet--I will take my oath none of us even inadvertently killed that poor devil."  I looked at the closed door into Gertrude's dressing-room, and lowered my voice.  "The same horrible thought keeps recurring to me," I whispered. "Halsey, Gertrude probably had your revolver: she must have examined it, anyhow, that night.  After you--and Jack had gone, what if that ruffian came back, and she--and she--"  I couldn't finish.  Halsey stood looking at me with shut lips.  "She might have heard him fumbling at the door he had no key, the police say--and thinking it was you, or Jack, she admitted him.  When she saw her mistake she ran up the stairs, a step or two, and turning, like an animal at bay, she fired."  Halsey had his hand over my lips before I finished, and in that position we stared each at the other, our stricken glances crossing.  "The revolver--my revolver--thrown into the tulip bed!" he muttered to himself.  "Thrown perhaps from an upper window: you say it was buried deep.  Her prostration ever since, her--Aunt Ray, you don't think it was Gertrude who fell down the clothes chute?"  I could only nod my head in a hopeless affirmative.     The morning after Halsey's return was Tuesday.  Arnold Armstrong had been found dead at the foot of the circular staircase at three o'clock on Sunday morning.  The funeral services were to be held on Tuesday, and the interment of the body was to be deferred until the Armstrongs arrived from California.  No one, I think, was very sorry that Arnold Armstrong was dead, but the manner of his death aroused some sympathy and an enormous amount of curiosity.  Mrs. Ogden Fitzhugh, a cousin, took charge of the arrangements, and everything, I believe, was as quiet as possible.  I gave Thomas Johnson and Mrs. Watson permission to go into town to pay their last respects to the dead man, but for some reason they did not care to go.  Halsey spent part of the day with Mr. Jamieson, but he said nothing of what happened.  He looked grave and anxious, and he had a long conversation with Gertrude late in the afternoon.  Tuesday evening found us quiet, with the quiet that precedes an explosion.  Gertrude and Halsey were both gloomy and distraught, and as Liddy had already discovered that some of the china was broken--it is impossible to have any secrets from an old servant--I was not in a pleasant humor myself.  Warner brought up the afternoon mail and the evening papers at seven--I was curious to know what the papers said of the murder.  We had turned away at least a dozen reporters.  But I read over the head-line that ran half-way across the top of the Gazette twice before I comprehended it.  Halsey had opened the Chronicle and was staring at it fixedly.  "The Traders' Bank closes its doors!" was what I read, and then I put down the paper and looked across the table.  "Did you know of this?" I asked Halsey.  "I expected it.  But not so soon," he replied.  "And you?" to Gertrude.  "Jack--told us--something," Gertrude said faintly.  "Oh, Halsey, what can he do now?"  "Jack!" I said scornfully.  "Your Jack's flight is easy enough to explain now.  And you helped him, both of you, to get away!  You get that from your mother; it isn't an Innes trait. Do you know that every dollar you have, both of you, is in that bank?"  Gertrude tried to speak, but Halsey stopped her.  "That isn't all, Gertrude," he said quietly; "Jack is--under arrest."  "Under arrest!" Gertrude screamed, and tore the paper out of his hand. She glanced at the heading, then she crumpled the newspaper into a ball and flung it to the floor.  While Halsey, looking stricken and white, was trying to smooth it out and read it, Gertrude had dropped her head on the table and was sobbing stormily.  I have the clipping somewhere, but just now I can remember only the essentials.  On the afternoon before, Monday, while the Traders' Bank was in the rush of closing hour, between two and three, Mr. Jacob Trautman, President of the Pearl Brewing Company, came into the bank to lift a loan.  As security for the loan he had deposited some three hundred International Steamship Company 5's, in total value three hundred thousand dollars.  Mr. Trautman went to the loan clerk and, after certain formalities had been gone through, the loan clerk went to the vault.  Mr. Trautman, who was a large and genial German, waited for a time, whistling under his breath.  The loan clerk did not come back. After an interval, Mr. Trautman saw the loan clerk emerge from the vault and go to the assistant cashier: the two went hurriedly to the vault.  A lapse of another ten minutes, and the assistant cashier came out and approached Mr. Trautman.  He was noticeably white and trembling.  Mr. Trautman was told that through an oversight the bonds had been misplaced, and was asked to return the following morning, when everything would be made all right.  Mr. Trautman, however, was a shrewd business man, and he did not like the appearance of things.  He left the bank apparently satisfied, and within thirty minutes he had called up three different members of the Traders' Board of Directors.  At three-thirty there was a hastily convened board meeting, with some stormy scenes, and late in the afternoon a national bank examiner was in possession of the books.  The bank had not opened for business on Tuesday.  At twelve-thirty o'clock the Saturday before, as soon as the business of the day was closed, Mr. John Bailey, the cashier of the defunct bank, had taken his hat and departed.  During the afternoon he had called up Mr. Aronson, a member of the board, and said he was ill, and might not be at the bank for a day or two.  As Bailey was highly thought of, Mr. Aronson merely expressed a regret.  From that time until Monday night, when Mr. Bailey had surrendered to the police, little was known of his movements.  Some time after one on Saturday he had entered the Western Union office at Cherry and White Streets and had sent two telegrams.  He was at the Greenwood Country Club on Saturday night, and appeared unlike himself.  It was reported that he would be released under enormous bond, some time that day, Tuesday.  The article closed by saying that while the officers of the bank refused to talk until the examiner had finished his work, it was known that securities aggregating a million and a quarter were missing.  Then there was a diatribe on the possibility of such an occurrence; on the folly of a one-man bank, and of a Board of Directors that met only to lunch together and to listen to a brief report from the cashier, and on the poor policy of a government that arranges a three or four-day examination twice a year.  The mystery, it insinuated, had not been cleared by the arrest of the cashier.  Before now minor officials had been used to cloak the misdeeds of men higher up.  Inseparable as the words "speculation" and "peculation" have grown to be, John Bailey was not known to be in the stock market.  His only words, after his surrender, had been "Send for Mr. Armstrong at once." The telegraph message which had finally reached the President of the Traders' Bank, in an interior town in California, had been responded to by a telegram from Doctor Walker, the young physician who was traveling with the Armstrong family, saying that Paul Armstrong was very ill and unable to travel.  That was how things stood that Tuesday evening.  The Traders' Bank had suspended payment, and John Bailey was under arrest, charged with wrecking it; Paul Armstrong lay very ill in California, and his only son had been murdered two days before. I sat dazed and bewildered.  The children's money was gone: that was bad enough, though I had plenty, if they would let me share. But Gertrude's grief was beyond any power of mine to comfort; the man she had chosen stood accused of a colossal embezzlement--and even worse.  For in the instant that I sat there I seemed to see the coils closing around John Bailey as the murderer of Arnold Armstrong.  Gertrude lifted her head at last and stared across the table at Halsey.  "Why did he do it?" she wailed.  "Couldn't you stop him, Halsey? It was suicidal to go back!"  Halsey was looking steadily through the windows of the breakfast-room, but it was evident he saw nothing.  "It was the only thing he could do, Trude," he said at last. "Aunt Ray, when I found Jack at the Greenwood Club last Saturday night, he was frantic.  I can not talk until Jack tells me I may, but--he is absolutely innocent of all this, believe me.  I thought, Trude and I thought, we were helping him, but it was the wrong way.  He came back. Isn't that the act of an innocent man?"  "Then why did he leave at all?" I asked, unconvinced.  "What innocent man would run away from here at three o'clock in the morning?  Doesn't it look rather as though he thought it impossible to escape?"  Gertrude rose angrily.  "You are not even just!" she flamed. "You don't know anything about it, and you condemn him!"  "I know that we have all lost a great deal of money," I said.  "I shall believe Mr. Bailey innocent the moment he is shown to be. You profess to know the truth, but you can not tell me!  What am I to think?"  Halsey leaned over and patted my hand.  "You must take us on faith," he said.  "Jack Bailey hasn't a penny that doesn't belong to him; the guilty man will be known in a day or so."  "I shall believe that when it is proved," I said grimly.  "In the meantime, I take no one on faith.  The Inneses never do."  Gertrude, who had been standing aloof at a window, turned suddenly. "But when the bonds are offered for sale, Halsey, won't the thief be detected at once?"  Halsey turned with a superior smile.  "It wouldn't be done that way," he said.  "They would be taken out of the vault by some one who had access to it, and used as collateral for a loan in another bank.  It would be possible to realize eighty per cent. She was sure there was no such boarder in the house; the only new arrival was a man on the third floor--she thought his name was Stuart.  "'My friend has a cousin by that name,' I said. 'I'll just go up and see.'  "She wanted to show me up, but I said it was unnecessary. So after telling me it was the bedroom and sitting-room on the third floor front, I went up.  "I met a couple of men on the stairs, but neither of them paid any attention to me. A boarding-house is the easiest place in the world to enter."  "They're not always so easy to leave," I put in, to his evident irritation.  "When I got to the third story, I took out a bunch of keys and posted myself by a door near the ones the girl had indicated. I could hear voices in one of the front rooms, but could not understand what they said.  "There was no violent dispute, but a steady hum. Then Bronson jerked the door open. If he had stepped into the hall he would have seen me fitting a key into the door before me. But he spoke before he came out.  "'You're acting like a maniac,' he said. 'You know I can get those things some way; I'm not going to threaten you. It isn't necessary. You know me.'  "'It would be no use,' the other man said. 'I tell you, I haven't seen the notes for ten days.'  "'But you will,' Bronson said savagely. 'You're standing in your own way, that's all. If you're holding out expecting me to raise my figure, you're making a mistake. It's my last offer.'  "'I couldn't take it if it was for a million,' said the man inside the room. 'I'd do it, I expect, if I could. The best of us have our price.'  "Bronson slammed the door then, and flung past me down the hall.  "After a couple of minutes I knocked at the door, and a tall man about your size, Mr. Blakeley, opened it. He was very blond, with a smooth face and blue eyes--what I think you would call a handsome man.  "'I beg your pardon for disturbing you,' I said. 'Can you tell me which is Mr. Johnson's room? Mr. Francis Johnson?'  "'I can not say,' he replied civilly. 'I've only been here a few days.'  "I thanked him and left, but I had had a good look at him, and I think I'd know him readily any place."  I sat for a few minutes thinking it over. "But what did he mean by saying he hadn't seen the notes for ten days? And why is Bronson making the overtures?"  "I think he was lying," Hotchkiss reflected. "Bronson hasn't reached his figure."  "It's a big advance, Mr. Hotchkiss, and I appreciate what you have done more than I can tell you," I said. "And now, if you can locate any of my property in this fellow's room, we'll send him up for larceny, and at least have him where we can get at him. I'm going to Cresson to-morrow, to try to trace him a little from there. But I'll be back in a couple of days, and we'll begin to gather in these scattered threads."  Hotchkiss rubbed his hands together delightedly.  "That's it," he said. "That's what we want to do, Mr. Blakeley. We'll gather up the threads ourselves; if we let the police in too soon, they'll tangle it up again. I'm not vindictive by nature; but when a fellow like Sullivan not only commits a murder, but goes to all sorts of trouble to put the burden of guilt on an innocent man--I say hunt him down, sir!"  "You are convinced, of course, that Sullivan did it?"  "Who else?" He looked over his glasses at me with the air of a man whose mental attitude is unassailable. "Well, listen to this," I said.  Then I told him at length of my encounter with Bronson in the restaurant, of the bargain proposed by Mrs. Conway, and finally of McKnight's new theory. But, although he was impressed, he was far from convinced.  "It's a very vivid piece of imagination," he said drily; "but while it fits the evidence as far as it goes, it doesn't go far enough. How about the stains in lower seven, the dirk, and the wallet? Haven't we even got motive in that telegram from Bronson?"  "Yes," I admitted, "but that bit of chain--"  "Pooh," he said shortly. "Perhaps, like yourself, Sullivan wore glasses with a chain. Our not finding them does not prove they did not exist."  And there I made an error; half confidences are always mistakes. I could not tell of the broken chain in Alison West's gold purse.  It was one o'clock when Hotchkiss finally left. We had by that time arranged a definite course of action--Hotchkiss to search Sullivan's rooms and if possible find evidence to have him held for larceny, while I went to Cresson.  Strangely enough, however, when I entered the train the following morning, Hotchkiss was already there. He had bought a new note-book, and was sharpening a fresh pencil.  "I changed my plans, you see," he said, bustling his newspaper aside for me. "It is no discredit to your intelligence, Mr. Blakeley, but you lack the professional eye, the analytical mind. You legal gentlemen call a spade a spade, although it may be a shovel."       "'A primrose by the river's brim      A yellow primrose was to him,      And nothing more!'"  I quoted as the train pulled out.       I slept most of the way to Cresson, to the disgust of the little detective. Finally he struck up an acquaintance with a kindly-faced old priest on his way home to his convent school, armed with a roll of dance music and surreptitious bundles that looked like boxes of candy. From scraps of conversation I gleaned that there had been mysterious occurrences at the convent,--ending in the theft of what the reverend father called vaguely, "a quantity of undermuslins." I dropped asleep at that point, and when I roused a few moments later, the conversation had progressed. Hotchkiss had a diagram on an envelope.  "With this window bolted, and that one inaccessible, and if, as you say, the--er--garments were in a tub here at X, then, as you hold the key to the other door,--I think you said the convent dog did not raise any disturbance? Pardon a personal question, but do you ever walk in your sleep?"  The priest looked bewildered.  "I'll tell you what to do," Hotchkiss said cheerfully, leaning forward, "look around a little yourself before you call in the police. Somnambulism is a queer thing. It's a question whether we are most ourselves sleeping or waking. Ever think of that? Live a saintly life all day, prayers and matins and all that, and the subconscious mind hikes you out of bed at night to steal undermuslins! Subliminal theft, so to speak. Better examine the roof."  I dozed again. When I wakened Hotchkiss sat alone, and the priest, from a corner, was staring at him dazedly, over his breviary.  It was raining when we reached Cresson, a wind-driven rain that had forced the agent at the newsstand to close himself in, and that beat back from the rails in parallel lines of white spray. As he went up the main street, Hotchkiss was cheerfully oblivious of the weather, of the threatening dusk, of our generally draggled condition. My draggled condition, I should say, for he improved every moment,--his eyes brighter, his ruddy face ruddier, his collar newer and glossier. Sometime, when it does not encircle the little man's neck, I shall test that collar with a match.  I was growing steadily more depressed: I loathed my errand and its necessity. I had always held that a man who played the spy on a woman was beneath contempt. Then, I admit I was afraid of what I might learn. For a time, however, this promised to be a negligible quantity. The streets of the straggling little mountain town had been clean-washed of humanity by the downpour. Windows and doors were inhospitably shut, and from around an occasional drawn shade came narrow strips of light that merely emphasized our gloom. When Hotchkiss' umbrella turned inside out, I stopped.  "I don't know where you are going," I snarled, "I don't care. But I'm going to get under cover inside of ten seconds. I'm not amphibious."  I ducked into the next shelter, which happened to be the yawning entrance to a livery stable, and shook myself, dog fashion. Hotchkiss wiped his collar with his handkerchief. It emerged gleaming and unwilted.  "This will do as well as any place," he said, raising his voice above the rattle of the rain. "Got to make a beginning."  I sat down on the usual chair without a back, just inside the door, and stared out at the darkening street. The whole affair had an air of unreality. Now that I was there, I doubted the necessity, or the value, of the journey. I was wet and uncomfortable. Around me, with Cresson as a center, stretched an irregular circumference of mountain, with possibly a ten-mile radius, and in it I was to find the residence of a woman whose first name I did not know, and a man who, so far, had been a purely chimerical person.  Hotchkiss had penetrated the steaming interior of the cave, and now his voice, punctuated by the occasional thud of horses' hoofs, came to me.  "Something light will do," he was saying. "A runabout, perhaps." He came forward rubbing his hands, followed by a thin man in overalls. "Mr. Peck says," he began,--"this is Mr. Peck of Peck and Peck,--says that the place we are looking for is about seven miles from the town. It's clearing, isn't it?"  "It is not," I returned savagely. "And we don't want a runabout, Mr. Peck. What we require is hermetically sealed diving suit. I suppose there isn't a machine to be had?" Mr. Peck gazed at me, in silence: machine to him meant other things than motors. "Automobile," I supplemented. His face cleared.  "None but private affairs. I can give you a good buggy with a rubber apron. Mike, is the doctor's horse in?"  I am still uncertain as to whether the raw-boned roan we took out that night over the mountains was the doctor's horse or not. If it was, the doctor may be a good doctor, but he doesn't know anything about a horse. And furthermore, I hope he didn't need the beast that miserable evening.  While they harnessed the horse, Hotchkiss told me what he had learned.  "Six Curtises in the town and vicinity," he said. "Sort of family name around here. One of them is telegraph operator at the station. Person we are looking for is--was--a wealthy widow with a brother named Sullivan! Both supposed to have been killed on the Flier."  "Her brother," I repeated stupidly.  "You see," Hotchkiss went on, "three people, in one party, took the train here that night, Miss West, Mrs. Curtis and Sullivan. The two women had the drawing-room, Sullivan had lower seven. What we want to find out is just who these people were, where they came from, if Bronson knew them, and how Miss West became entangled with them. She may have married Sullivan, for one thing."  I fell into gloom after that. The roan was led unwillingly into the weather, Hotchkiss and I in eclipse behind the blanket. The liveryman stood in the doorway and called directions to us. "You can't miss it,"  he finished. "Got the name over the gate anyhow, 'The Laurels.' The servants are still there: leastways, we didn't bring them down." He even took a step into the rain as Hotchkiss picked up the lines. "If you're going to settle the estate," he bawled, "don't forget us, Peck and Peck. A half-bushel of name and a bushel of service."  Hotchkiss could not drive. Born a clerk, he guided the roan much as he would drive a bad pen. And the roan spattered through puddles and splashed ink--mud, that is--until I was in a frenzy of irritation.  "What are we going to say when we get there?" I asked after I had finally taken the reins in my one useful hand. "Get out there at midnight and tell the servants we have come to ask a few questions about the family? It's an idiotic trip anyhow; I wish I had stayed at home."  The roan fell just then, and we had to crawl out and help him up. By the time we had partly unharnessed him our matches were gone, and the small bicycle lamp on the buggy was wavering only too certainly. We were covered with mud, panting with exertion, and even Hotchkiss showed a disposition to be surly. The rain, which had lessened for a time, came on again, the lightning flashes doing more than anything else to reveal our isolated position.  Another mile saw us, if possible, more despondent. The water in our clothes had had time to penetrate: the roan had sprained his shoulder, and drew us along in a series of convulsive jerks. And then through the rain-spattered window of the blanket, I saw a light. It was a small light, rather yellow, and it lasted perhaps thirty seconds. Hotchkiss missed it, and was inclined to doubt me. But in a couple of minutes the roan hobbled to the side of the road and stopped, and I made out a break in the pines and an arched gate.  It was a small gate, too narrow for the buggy. I pulled the horse into as much shelter as possible under the trees, and we got out. Hotchkiss tied the beast and we left him there, head down against the driving rain, drooping and dejected. Then we went toward the house.  It was a long walk. The path bent and twisted, and now and then we lost it. We were climbing as we went. Oddly there were no lights ahead, although it was only ten o'clock,--not later. Hotchkiss kept a little ahead of me, knocking into trees now and then, but finding the path in half the time I should have taken. Once, as I felt my way around a tree in the blackness, I put my hand unexpectedly on his shoulder, and felt a shudder go down my back.  "What do you expect me to do?" he protested, when I remonstrated. "Hang out a red lantern? What was that? Listen."  We both stood peering into the gloom. The sharp patter of the rain on leaves had ceased, and from just ahead there came back to us the stealthy padding of feet in wet soil. My hand closed on Hotchkiss' shoulder, and we listened together, warily. The steps were close by, unmistakable. The next flash of lightning showed nothing moving: the house was in full view now, dark and uninviting, looming huge above a terrace, with an Italian garden at the side. Then the blackness again. Somebody's teeth were chattering: I accused Hotchkiss but he denied it.  "Although I'm not very comfortable, I'll admit," he confessed; "there was something breathing right at my elbow here a moment ago."  "Nonsense!" I took his elbow and steered him in what I made out to be the direction of the steps of the Italian garden. "I saw a deer just ahead by the last flash; that's what you heard. By Jove, I hear wheels."  We paused to listen and Hotchkiss put his hand on something close to us. "Here's your deer," he said. "Bronze."  As we neared the house the sense of surveillance we had had in the park gradually left us. Stumbling over flower beds, running afoul of a sun-dial, groping our way savagely along hedges and thorny banks, we reached the steps finally and climbed the terrace.  It was then that Hotchkiss fell over one of the two stone urns which, with tall boxwood trees in them, mounted guard at each side of the door. He didn't make any attempt to get up. He sat in a puddle on the brick floor of the terrace and clutched his leg and swore softly in Government English.  The occasional relief of the lightning was gone. I could not see an outline of the house before me. We had no matches, and an instant's investigation showed that the windows were boarded and the house closed. Hotchkiss, still recumbent, was ascertaining the damage, tenderly peeling down his stocking.  "Upon my soul," he said finally, "I don't know whether this moisture is blood or rain. I think I've broken a bone."  "Blood is thicker than water," I suggested. "Is it sticky? See if you can move your toes."  There was a pause: Hotchkiss moved his toes. By that time I had found a knocker and was making the night hideous. But there was no response save the wind that blew sodden leaves derisively in our faces. Once Hotchkiss declared he heard a window-sash lifted, but renewed violence with the knocker produced no effect.  "There's only one thing to do," I said finally. "I'll go back and try to bring the buggy up for you. You can't walk, can you?"  Hotchkiss sat back in his puddle and said he didn't think he could stir, but for me to go back to town and leave him, that he didn't have any family dependent on him, and that if he was going to have pneumonia he had probably got it already. I left him there, and started back to get the horse.  If possible, it was worse than before. There was no lightning, and only by a miracle did I find the little gate again. I drew a long breath of relief, followed by another, equally long, of dismay. For I had found the hitching strap and there was nothing at the end of it! In a lull of the wind I seemed to hear, far off, the eager thud of stable-bound feet. So for the second time I climbed the slope to the Laurels, and on the way I thought of many things to say.  I struck the house at a new angle, for I found a veranda, destitute of chairs and furnishings, but dry and evidently roofed. It was better than the terrace, and so, by groping along the wall, I tried to make my way to Hotchkiss. That was how I found the open window. I had passed perhaps six, all closed, and to have my hand grope for the next one, and to find instead the soft drapery of an inner curtain, was startling, to say the least.  I found Hotchkiss at last around an angle of the stone wall, and told him that the horse was gone. He was disconcerted, but not abased; maintaining that it was a new kind of knot that couldn't slip and that the horse must have chewed the halter through! He was less enthusiastic than I had expected about the window.  "It looks uncommonly like a trap," he said. "I tell you there was some one in the park below when we were coming up. Man has a sixth sense that scientists ignore--a sense of the nearness of things. And all the time you have been gone, some one has been watching me."  "Couldn't see you," I maintained; "I can't see you now. And your sense of contiguity didn't tell you about that flower crock."  In the end, of course, he consented to go with me. He was very lame, and I helped him around to the open window. He was full of moral courage, the little man: it was only the physical in him that quailed. And as we groped along, he insisted on going through the window first.  "If it is a trap," he whispered, "I have two arms to your one, and, besides, as I said before, life holds much for you. As for me, the government would merely lose an indifferent employee."  When he found I was going first he was rather hurt, but I did not wait for his protests. I swung my feet over the sill and dropped. I made a clutch at the window-frame with my good hand when I found no floor under my feet, but I was too late. I dropped probably ten feet and landed with a crash that seemed to split my ear-drums. I was thoroughly shaken, but in some miraculous way the bandaged arm had escaped injury.  "For Heaven's sake," Hotchkiss was calling from above, "have you broken your back?"  "No," I returned, as steadily as I could, "merely driven it up through my skull. Perhaps he was expecting another kitten or--  It is hard to say how ideas first enter one's mind. But the notion that Mr. Ladley had killed his wife and thrown her body into the water came to me as I sat there. All at once I seemed to see it all: the quarreling the day before, the night trip in the boat, the water-soaked slipper, his haggard face that morning--even the way the spaniel sat and stared at the flood.  Terry brought the boat back at half past eleven, towing it behind another.  "Well," I said, from the stairs, "I hope you've had a pleasant morning."  "What doing?" he asked, not looking at me.  "Rowing about the streets. You've had that boat for hours."  He tied it up without a word to me, but he spoke to the dog. "Good morning, Peter," he said. "It's nice weather--for fishes, ain't it?"  He picked out a bit of floating wood from the water, and showing it to the dog, flung it into the parlor. Peter went after it with a splash. He was pretty fat, and when he came back I heard him wheezing. But what he brought back was not the stick of wood. It was the knife I use for cutting bread. It had been on a shelf in the room where I had slept the night before, and now Peter brought it out of the flood where its wooden handle had kept it afloat. The blade was broken off short.  It is not unusual to find one's household goods floating around during flood-time. More than once I've lost a chair or two, and seen it after the water had gone down, new scrubbed and painted, in Molly Maguire's kitchen next door. And perhaps now and then a bit of luck would come to me--a dog kennel or a chicken-house, or a kitchen table, or even, as happened once, a month-old baby in a wooden cradle, that lodged against my back fence, and had come forty miles, as it turned out, with no worse mishap than a cold in its head.  But the knife was different. I had put it on the mantel over the stove I was using up-stairs the night before, and hadn't touched it since. As I sat staring at it, Terry took it from Peter and handed it to me.  "Better give me a penny, Mrs. Pitman," he said in his impudent Irish way. "I hate to give you a knife. It may cut our friendship."  I reached over to hit him a clout on the head, but I did not. The sunlight was coming in through the window at the top of the stairs, and shining on the rope that was tied to the banister. The end of the rope was covered with stains, brown, with a glint of red in them.  I got up shivering. "You can get the meat at the butcher's, Terry," I said, "and come back for me in a half-hour." Then I turned and went up-stairs, weak in the knees, to put on my hat and coat. I had made up my mind that there had been murder done.      I looked at my clock as I went down-stairs. It was just twelve-thirty. I thought of telephoning for Mr. Reynolds to meet me, but it was his lunch hour, and besides I was afraid to telephone from the house while Mr. Ladley was in it.  Peter had been whining again. When I came down the stairs he had stopped whimpering and was wagging his tail. A strange boat had put into the hallway and was coming back.  "Now, old boy!" somebody was saying from the boat. "Steady, old chap! I've got something for you."  A little man, elderly and alert, was standing up in the boat, poling it along with an oar. Peter gave vent to joyful yelps. The elderly gentleman brought his boat to a stop at the foot of the stairs, and reaching down into a tub at his feet, held up a large piece of raw liver. Peter almost went crazy, and I remembered suddenly that I had forgotten to feed the poor beast for more than a day.  "Would you like it?" asked the gentleman. Peter sat up, as he had been taught to do, and barked. The gentleman reached down again, got a wooden platter from a stack of them at his feet, and placing the liver on it, put it on the step. The whole thing was so neat and businesslike that I could only gaze.  "That's a well-trained dog, madam," said the elderly gentleman, beaming at Peter over his glasses. "You should not have neglected him."  "The flood put him out of my mind," I explained, humbly enough, for I was ashamed.  "Exactly. Do you know how many starving dogs and cats I have found this morning?" He took a note-book out of his pocket and glanced at it. "Forty-eight. Forty-eight, madam! And ninety-three cats! I have found them marooned in trees, clinging to fences, floating on barrels, and I have found them in comfortable houses where there was no excuse for their neglect. Well, I must be moving on. I have the report of a cat with a new litter in the loft of a stable near here."  He wiped his hands carefully on a fresh paper napkin, of which also a heap rested on one of the seats of the boat, and picked up an oar, smiling benevolently at Peter. Then, suddenly, he bent over and looked at the stained rope end, tied to the stair-rail.  "What's that?" he said.  "That's what I'm going to find out," I replied. I glanced up at the Ladleys' door, but it was closed.  The little man dropped his oar, and fumbling in his pockets, pulled out a small magnifying-glass. He bent over, holding to the rail, and inspected the stains with the glass. I had taken a fancy to him at once, and in spite of my excitement I had to smile a little.  "Humph!" he said, and looked up at me. "That's blood. Why did you _cut_ the boat loose?"  "I didn't," I said. "If that is blood, I want to know how it got there. That was a new rope last night." I glanced at the Ladleys' door again, and he followed my eyes.  "I wonder," he said, raising his voice a little, "if I come into your kitchen, if you will allow me to fry a little of that liver. There's a wretched Maltese in a tree at the corner of Fourth Street that won't touch it, raw."  I saw that he wanted to talk to me, so I turned around and led the way to the temporary kitchen I had made.  "Now," he said briskly, when he had closed the door, "there's something wrong here. Perhaps if you tell me, I can help. If I can't, it will do you good to talk about it. My name's Holcombe, retired merchant. Apply to First National Bank for references."  "I'm not sure there _is_ anything wrong," I began. "I guess I'm only nervous, and thinking little things are big ones. There's nothing to tell."  "Nonsense. I come down the street in my boat. A white-faced gentleman with a cigarette looks out from a window when I stop at the door, and ducks back when I glance up. I come in and find a pet dog, obviously overfed at ordinary times, whining with hunger on the stairs. As I prepare to feed him, a pale woman comes down, trying to put a right-hand glove on her left hand, and with her jacket wrong side out. What am I to think?"  I started and looked at my coat. He was right. And when, as I tried to take it off, he helped me, and even patted me on the shoulder--what with his kindness, and the long morning alone, worrying, and the sleepless night, I began to cry. He had a clean handkerchief in my hand before I had time to think of one.  "That's it," he said. "It will do you good, only don't make a noise about it. If it's a husband on the annual flood spree, don't worry, madam. They always come around in time to whitewash the cellars."  "It isn't a husband," I sniffled.  "Tell me about it," he said. There was something so kindly in his face, and it was so long since I had had a bit of human sympathy, that I almost broke down again.  I sat there, with a crowd of children paddling on a raft outside the window, and Molly Maguire, next door, hauling the morning's milk up in a pail fastened to a rope, her doorway being too narrow to admit the milkman's boat, and I told him the whole story.  "Humph!" he exclaimed, when I had finished. "It's curious, but--you can't prove a murder unless you can produce a body."  "When the river goes down, we'll find the body," I said, shivering. "It's in the parlor."  "Then why doesn't he try to get away?"  "He is ready to go now. He only went back when your boat came in."  Mr. Holcombe ran to the door, and flinging it open, peered into the lower hall. He was too late. His boat was gone, tub of liver, pile of wooden platters and all!  We hurried to the room the Ladleys had occupied. It was empty. From the window, as we looked out, we could see the boat, almost a square away. It had stopped where, the street being higher, a door-step rose above the flood. On the step was sitting a forlorn yellow puppy. As we stared, Mr. Ladley stopped the boat, looked back at us, bent over, placed a piece of liver on a platter, and reached it over to the dog. Then, rising in the boat, he bowed, with his hat over his heart, in our direction, sat down calmly, and rowed around the corner out of sight.  Mr. Holcombe was in a frenzy of rage. He jumped up and down, shaking his fist out the window after the retreating boat. He ran down the staircase, only to come back and look out the window again. The police boat was not in sight, but the Maguire children had worked their raft around to the street and were under the window. He leaned out and called to them.  "A quarter each, boys," he said, "if you'll take me on that raft to the nearest pavement."  "Money first," said the oldest boy, holding his cap.  But Mr. Holcombe did not wait. He swung out over the window-sill, holding by his hands, and lit fairly in the center of the raft.  "Don't touch anything in that room until I come back," he called to me, and jerking the pole from one of the boys, propelled the raft with amazing speed down the street.  The liver on the stove was burning. There was a smell of scorching through the rooms and a sort of bluish haze of smoke. I hurried back and took it off. By the time I had cleaned the pan, Mr. Holcombe was back again, in his own boat. He had found it at the end of the next street, where the flood ceased, but no sign of Ladley anywhere. He had not seen the police boat.  "Perhaps that is just as well," he said philosophically. "We can't go to the police with a wet slipper and a blood-stained rope and accuse a man of murder. We have to have a body."  "He killed her," I said obstinately. "She told me yesterday he was a fiend. He killed her and threw the body in the water."  "Very likely. But he didn't throw it here."  But in spite of that, he went over all the lower hall with his boat, feeling every foot of the floor with an oar, and finally, at the back end, he looked up at me as I stood on the stairs.  "There's something here," he said.  I went cold all over, and had to clutch the railing. But when Terry had come, and the two of them brought the thing to the surface, it was only the dining-room rug, which I had rolled up and forgotten to carry up-stairs!  At half past one Mr. Holcombe wrote a note, and sent it off with Terry, and borrowing my boots, which had been Mr. Pitman's, investigated the dining-room and kitchen from a floating plank; the doors were too narrow to admit the boat. But he found nothing more important than a rolling-pin. He was not at all depressed by his failure. He came back, drenched to the skin, about three, and asked permission to search the Ladleys' bedroom.  "I have a friend coming pretty soon, Mrs. Pitman," he said, "a young newspaper man, named Howell. He's a nice boy, and if there is anything to this, I'd like him to have it for his paper. He and I have been having some arguments about circumstantial evidence, too, and I know he'd like to work on this."  I gave him a pair of Mr. Pitman's socks, for his own were saturated, and while he was changing them the telephone rang. It was the theater again, asking for Jennie Brice.  "You are certain she is out of the city?" some one asked, the same voice as in the morning.  "Her husband says so."  "Ask him to come to the phone."  "He is not here."  "When do you expect him back?"  "I'm not sure he is coming back."  "Look here," said the voice angrily, "can't you give me any satisfaction? Or don't you care to?"  "I've told you all I know."  "You don't know where she is?"  "No, sir."  "She didn't say she was coming back to rehearse for next week's piece?"  "Her husband said she went away for a few days' rest. He went away about noon and hasn't come back. That's all I know, except that they owe me three weeks' rent that I'd like to get hold of."  The owner of the voice hung up the receiver with a snap, and left me pondering. It seemed to me that Mr. Ladley had been very reckless. Did he expect any one to believe that Jennie Brice had gone for a vacation without notifying the theater? Especially when she was to rehearse that week? I thought it curious, to say the least. I went back and told Mr. Holcombe, who put it down in his note-book, and together we went to the Ladleys' room.  The room was in better order than usual, as I have said. The bed was made--which was out of the ordinary, for Jennie Brice never made a bed--but made the way a man makes one, with the blankets wrinkled and crooked beneath, and the white counterpane pulled smoothly over the top, showing every lump beneath. I showed Mr. Holcombe the splasher, dotted with ink as usual.  "I'll take it off and soak it in milk," I said. "It's his fountain pen; when the ink doesn't run, he shakes it, and--"  "Where's the clock?" said Mr. Holcombe, stopping in front of the mantel with his note-book in his hand.  "The clock?"  I turned and looked. My onyx clock was gone from the mantel-shelf.  Perhaps it seems strange, but from the moment I missed that clock my rage at Mr. Ladley increased to a fury. It was all I had had left of my former gentility. When times were hard and I got behind with the rent, as happened now and then, more than once I'd been tempted to sell the clock, or to pawn it. But I had never done it. Its ticking had kept me company on many a lonely night, and its elegance had helped me to keep my pride and to retain the respect of my neighbors. For in the flood district onyx clocks are not plentiful. Mrs. Bryan, the saloon-keeper's wife, had one, and I had another. That is, I _had_ had.  I stood staring at the mark in the dust of the mantel-shelf, which Mr. Holcombe was measuring with a pocket tape-measure.  "You are sure you didn't take it away yourself, Mrs. Pitman?" he asked.  "Sure? Why, I could hardly lift it," I said.  He was looking carefully at the oblong of dust where the clock had stood. "The key is gone, too," he said, busily making entries in his note-book. "What was the maker's name?"  "Why, I don't think I ever noticed."  He turned to me angrily. "Why didn't you notice?" he snapped. "Good God, woman, do you only use your eyes to cry with? How can you wind a clock, time after time, and not know the maker's name? It proves my contention: the average witness is totally unreliable."  "Not at all," I snapped, "I am ordinarily both accurate and observing."  "Indeed!" he said, putting his hands behind him. "Then perhaps you can tell me the color of the pencil I have been writing with."  "Certainly. Red." Most pencils are red, and I thought this was safe.  But he held his right hand out with a flourish. "I've been writing with a fountain pen," he said in deep disgust, and turned his back on me.  But the next moment he had run to the wash-stand and pulled it out from the wall. Behind it, where it had fallen, lay a towel, covered with stains, as if some one had wiped bloody hands on it. He held it up, his face working with excitement. I could only cover my eyes.  "This looks better," he said, and began making a quick search of the room, running from one piece of furniture to another, pulling out bureau drawers, drawing the bed out from the wall, and crawling along the base-board with a lighted match in his hand. He gave a shout of triumph finally, and reappeared from behind the bed with the broken end of my knife in his hand.  "Very clumsy," he said. "_Very_ clumsy. Peter the dog could have done better."  I had been examining the wall-paper about the wash-stand. Among the ink-spots were one or two reddish ones that made me shiver. And seeing a scrap of note-paper stuck between the base-board and the wall, I dug it out with a hairpin, and threw it into the grate, to be burned later. It was by the merest chance there was no fire there. The next moment Mr. Holcombe was on his knees by the fireplace reaching for the scrap.  "_Never_ do that, under such circumstances," he snapped, fishing among the ashes. "You might throw away valuable--Hello, Howell!"  I turned and saw a young man in the doorway, smiling, his hat in his hand. Even at that first glance, I liked Mr. Howell, and later, when every one was against him, and many curious things were developing, I stood by him through everything, and even helped him to the thing he wanted more than anything else in the, world. But that, of course, was later.  "What's the trouble, Holcombe?" he asked. "Hitting the trail again?"  "A very curious thing that I just happened on," said Mr. Holcombe. "Mrs. Pitman, this is Mr. Howell, of whom I spoke. Sit down, Howell, and let me read you something."  With the crumpled paper still unopened in his hand, Mr. Holcombe took his note-book and read aloud what he had written. I have it before me now:  "'Dog meat, two dollars, boat hire'--that's not it. Here. 'Yesterday, Sunday, March the 4th, Mrs. Pitman, landlady at 42 Union Street, heard two of her boarders quarreling, a man and his wife. Man's name, Philip Ladley. Wife's name, Jennie Ladley, known as Jennie Brice at the Liberty Stock Company, where she has been playing small parts.'"  Mr. Howell nodded. "I've heard of her," he said. "Not much of an actress, I believe."  "'The husband was also an actor, out of work, and employing his leisure time in writing a play.'"  "Everybody's doing it," said Mr. Howell idly.  "The Shuberts were to star him in this," I put in. "He said that the climax at the end of the second act--"  Mr. Holcombe shut his note-book with a snap. "After we have finished gossiping," he said, "I'll go on."  "'Employing his leisure time in writing a play--'" quoted Mr. Howell.  "Exactly. 'The husband and wife were not on good terms. They quarreled frequently. On Sunday they fought all day, and Mrs. Ladley told Mrs. Pitman she was married to a fiend. At four o'clock Sunday afternoon, Philip Ladley went out, returning about five. Mrs. Pitman carried their supper to them at six, and both ate heartily. "This cross by the mainmast," he said "that would be where?"  "Right behind you, there."  He walked to the mast, and examined carefully around its base. There was nothing there, and even now I do not know to what that cross alluded, unless poor Schwartz--!  "Then this other one--forward, you call it, don't you?  Suppose we locate that."  All expectation of the watchman having now died, we went forward on the port side to the approximate location of the cross.  This being in the neighborhood where Mac had thought he saw something move, we approached with extreme caution.  But nothing more ominous was discovered than the port lifeboat, nothing more ghostly heard than the occasional creak with which it rocked in its davits.  The lifeboat seemed to be indicated by the cross.  It swung almost shoulder-high on McWhirter.  We looked under and around it, with a growing feeling that we had misread the significance of the crosses, or that the sinister record extended to a time before the "she devil" of the Turner line was dressed in white and turned into a lady.  I was feeling underneath the boat, with a sense of absurdity that McWhirter put into words.  "I only hope," he said, "that the watchman does not wake up now and see us.  He'd be justified in filling us with lead, or putting us in straitjackets."  But I had discovered something.  "Mac," I said, "some one has been at this boat within the last few minutes."  "Why?"  "Take your revolver and watch the deck.  One of the barecas--"  "What's that?"  "One of the water-barrels has been upset, and the plug is out.  It is leaking into the boat.  It is leaking fast, and there's only a gallon or so in the bottom!  Give me the light."  The contents of the boat revealed the truth of what I had said. The boat was in confusion.  Its cover had been thrown back, and tins of biscuit, bailers, boathooks and extra rowlocks were jumbled together in confusion.  The barecas lay on its side, and its plug had been either knocked or drawn out.  McWhirter was for turning to inspect the boat; but I ordered him sternly to watch the deck.  He was inclined to laugh at my caution, which he claimed was a quality in me he had not suspected.  He lounged against the rail near me, and, in spite of his chaff, kept a keen enough lookout.  The barecas of water were lashed amidships.  In the bow and stern were small air-tight compartments, and in the stern was also a small locker from which the biscuit tins had been taken.  I was about to abandon my search, when I saw something gleaming in the locker, and reached in and drew it out.  It appeared to be an ordinary white sheet, but its presence there was curious.  I turned the light on it.  It was covered with dark-brown stains.  Even now the memory of that sheet turns me ill.  I shook it out, and Mac, at my exclamation, came to me.  It was not a sheet at all, that is, not a whole one.  It was a circular piece of white cloth, on which, in black, were curious marks--a six-pointed star predominating.  There were others--a crescent, a crude attempt to draw what might be either a dog or a lamb, and a cross.  From edge to edge it was smeared with blood.  Of what followed just after, both McWhirter and I are vague.  There seemed to be, simultaneously, a yell of fury from the rigging overhead, and the crash of a falling body on the deck near us.  Then we were closing with a kicking, biting, screaming thing, that bore me to the ground, extinguishing the little electric flash, and that, rising suddenly from under me, had McWhirter in the air, and almost overboard before I caught him.  So dazed were we by the onslaught that the thing--whatever it was--could have escaped, and left us none the wiser. But, although it eluded us in the darkness, it did not leave.  It was there, whimpering to itself, searching for something--the sheet.  As I steadied Mac, it passed me.  I caught at it.  Immediately the struggle began all over again.  But this time we had the advantage, and kept it. After a battle that seemed to last all night, and that was actually fought all over that part of the deck, we held the creature subdued, and Mac, getting a hand free, struck a match.  It was Charlie Jones.  That, after all, is the story.  Jones was a madman, a homicidal maniac of the worst type.  Always a madman, the homicidal element of his disease was recurrent and of a curious nature.  He thought himself a priest of heaven, appointed to make ghastly sacrifices at certain signals from on high.  The signals I am not sure of; he turned taciturn after his capture and would not talk. I am inclined to think that a shooting star, perhaps in a particular quarter of the heavens, was his signal.  This is distinctly possible, and is made probable by the stars which he had painted with tar on his sacrificial robe.  The story of the early morning of August 12 will never be fully known; but much of it, in view of our knowledge, we were able to reconstruct. Thus--Jones ate his supper that night, a mild and well-disposed individual.  During the afternoon before, he had read prayers for the soul of Schwartz, in whose departure he may or may not have had a part. I am inclined to think not, Jones construing his mission as being one to remove the wicked and the oppressor, and Schwartz hardly coming under either classification.  He was at the wheel from midnight until four in the morning on the night of the murders.  At certain hours we believe that he went forward to the forecastle-head, and performed, clad in his priestly robe, such devotions as his disordered mind dictated.  It is my idea that he looked, at these times, for a heavenly signal, either a meteor or some strange appearance of the heavens.  It was known that he was a poor sleeper, and spent much time at night wandering around.  On the night of the crimes it is probable that he performed his devotions early, and then got the signal.  This is evidenced by Singleton's finding the axe against the captain's door before midnight. He had evidently been disturbed.  We believe that he intended to kill the captain and Mr. Turner, but made a mistake in the rooms.  He clearly intended to kill the Danish girl.  Several passages in his Bible, marked with a red cross, showed his inflamed hatred of loose women; and he believed Karen Hansen to be of that type.  He locked me in, slipping down from the wheel to do so, and pocketing the key.  The night was fairly quiet.  He could lash the wheel safely, and he had in his favor the fact that Oleson, the lookout, was a slow-thinking Swede who notoriously slept on his watch.  He found the axe, not where he had left it, but back in the case.  But the case was only closed, not locked--Singleton's error.  Armed with the axe, Jones slipped back to the wheel and waited.  He had plenty of time.  He had taken his robe from its hiding-place in the boat, and had it concealed near him with the axe.  He was ready, but he was waiting for another signal.  He got it at half-past two. He admitted the signal and the time, but concealed its nature--I think it was a shooting star.  He killed Vail first, believing it to be Turner, and making with his axe, the four signs of the cross. Then he went to the Hansen girl's door.  He did not know about the bell, and probably rang it by accident as he leaned over to listen if Vail still breathed.  The captain, in the mean time, had been watching Singleton.  He had forbidden his entering the after house; if he caught him disobeying, he meant to put him in irons.  He was without shoes or coat, and he sat waiting on the after companion steps for developments.  It was the captain, probably, whom Karen Hansen mistook for Turner. Later he went back to the forward companionway, either on his way back to his cabin, or still with an eye to Singleton's movements.  To the captain there must have appeared this grisly figure in flowing white, smeared with blood and armed with an axe.  The sheet was worn over Jones's head--a long, narrow slit serving him to see through, and two other slits freeing his arms.  The captain was a brave man, but the apparition, gleaming in the almost complete darkness, had been on him before he could do more than throw up his hands.  Jones had not finished.  He went back to the chart-room and possibly even went on deck and took a look at the wheel.  Then he went down again and killed the Hansen woman.  He was exceedingly cunning.  He flung the axe into the room, and was up and at the wheel again, all within a few seconds.  To tear off and fold up the sheet, to hide it under near-by cordage, to strike the ship's bell and light his pipe--all this was a matter of two or three minutes. I had only time to look at Vail.  When I got up to the wheel, Jones was smoking quietly.  I believe he tried to get Singleton later, and failed.  But he continued his devotions on the forward deck, visible when clad in his robe, invisible when he took it off.  It was Jones, of course, who attacked Burns and secured the key to the captain's cabin; Jones who threw the axe overboard after hearing the crew tell that on its handle were finger-prints to identify the murderer; Jones who, while on guard in the after house below, had pushed the key to the storeroom under Turner's door; Jones who hung the marlinespike over the side, waiting perhaps for another chance at Singleton; Jones, in his devotional attire, who had frightened the crew into hysteria, and who, discovered by Mrs. Johns in the captain's cabin, had rushed by her, and out, with the axe.  It is noticeable that he made no attempt to attack her.  He killed only in obedience to his signal, and he had had no signal.  Perhaps the most curious thing, after the murderer was known, was the story of the people in the after house.  It was months before I got that in full.  The belief among the women was that Turner, maddened by drink and unreasoning jealousy, had killed Vail, and then, running amuck or discovered by the other victims, had killed them.  This was borne out by Turner's condition.  His hands and parts of his clothing were blood-stained.  Their condition was pitiable.  Unable to speak for himself, he lay raving in his room, talking to Vail and complaining of a white figure that bothered him.  The key that Elsa Lee picked up was another clue, and in their attempt to get rid of it I had foiled them.  Mrs. Johns, an old friend and, as I have said, an ardent partisan, undertook to get rid of the axe, with the result that we know.  Even Turner's recovery brought little courage.  He could only recall that he had gone into Vail's room and tried to wake him, without result; that he did not know of the blood until the next day, or that Vail was dead; and that he had a vague recollection of something white and ghostly that night--he was not sure where he had seen it.  The failure of their attempt to get rid of the storeroom key was matched by their failure to smuggle Turner's linen off the ship. Singleton suspected Turner, and, with the skillful and not over scrupulous aid of his lawyer, had succeeded in finding in Mrs. Sloane's trunk the incriminating pieces.  As to the meaning of the keys, file, and club in Singleton's mattress, I believe the explanation is simple enough.  He saw against him a strong case.  He had little money and no influence, while Turner had both.  I have every reason to believe that he hoped to make his escape before the ship anchored, and was frustrated by my discovery of the keys and by an extra bolt I put on his door and window.  The murders on the schooner-yacht Ella were solved.  McWhirter went back to his hospital, the day after our struggle, wearing a strip of plaster over the bridge of his nose and a new air of importance.  The Turners went to New York soon after, and I was alone. I tried to put Elsa Lee out of my thoughts, as she had gone out of my life, and, receiving the hoped-for hospital appointment at that time, I tried to make up by hard work for a happiness that I had not lost because it had never been mine.  A curious thing has happened to me.  I had thought this record finished, but perhaps--  Turner's health is bad.  He and his wife and Miss Lee are going to Europe.  He has asked me to go with him in my professional capacity!  It is more than a year since I have seen her.  The year has brought some changes.  Singleton is again a member of the Turner forces, having signed a contract and a temperance pledge at the same sitting.  Jones is in a hospital for the insane, where in the daytime he is a cheery old tar with twinkling eyes and a huge mustache, and where now and then, on Christmas and holidays, I send him a supply of tobacco.  At night he sleeps in a room with opaque glass windows through which no heavenly signals can penetrate.  He will not talk of his crimes,--not that he so regards them,--but now and then in the night he wraps the drapery of his couch about him and performs strange orisons in the little room that is his. And at such times an attendant watches outside his door.      Once more the swish of spray against the side of a ship, the tang of salt, the lift and fall of the rail against the sea-line on the horizon.  And once more a girl, in white from neck to heel, facing into the wind as if she loved it, her crisp skirts flying, her hair blown back from her forehead in damp curls.   And I am not washing down the deck.  With all the poise of white flannels and a good cigar, I am lounging in a deck-chair, watching her. Then--  "Come here!" I say.  "I am busy."  "You are not busy.  You are disgracefully idle."  "Why do you want me?"  She comes closer, and looks down at me.  She likes me to sit, so she may look superior and scornful, this being impossible when one looks up.  When she has approached--  "Just to show that I can order you about."  "I shall go back!"--with raised chin.  How I remember that raised chin, and how (whisper it) I used to fear it!  "You cannot.  I am holding the edge of your skirt."  "Ralph!  And all the other passengers looking!"  "Then sit down--and, before you do, tuck that rug under my feet, will you?"  "Certainly not."  "Under my feet!"  She does it, under protest, whereon I release her skirts.  She is sulky, quite distinctly sulky.  I slide my hand under the rug into her lap.  She ignores it.  "Now," I say calmly, "we are even.  And you might as well hold my hand. Every one thinks you are."  She brings her hands hastily from under her rug and puts them over her head.  "I don't know what has got into you," she says coldly. "And why are we even?"  "For the day you told me the deck was not clean."  "It wasn't clean."  "I think I am going to kiss you."  "Ralph!"  "It is coming on.  About the time that the bishop gets here, I shall lean over and--"  She eyes me, and sees determination in my face.  She changes color.  "You wouldn't!"  "Wouldn't I!"  She rises hastily, and stands looking down at me.  I am quite sure at that moment that she detests me, and I rather like it.  There are always times when we detest the people we love.  "If you are going to be arbitrary just because you can--"  "Yes?"  "Marsh and the rest are in the smoking room.  Their sitting-room is empty."  Quite calmly, as if we are going below for a clean handkerchief or a veil or a cigarette, we stroll down the great staircase of the liner to the Turners' sitting-room, and close the door.  And--I kiss her.             McKnight is gradually taking over the criminal end of the business. I never liked it, and since the strange case of the man in lower ten, I have been a bit squeamish. Given a case like that, where you can build up a network of clues that absolutely incriminate three entirely different people, only one of whom can be guilty, and your faith in circumstantial evidence dies of overcrowding. I never see a shivering, white-faced wretch in the prisoners' dock that I do not hark back with shuddering horror to the strange events on the Pullman car Ontario, between Washington and Pittsburg, on the night of September ninth, last.  McKnight could tell the story a great deal better than I, although he can not spell three consecutive words correctly. But, while he has imagination and humor, he is lazy.  "It didn't happen to me, anyhow," he protested, when I put it up to him. "And nobody cares for second-hand thrills. Besides, you want the unvarnished and ungarnished truth, and I'm no hand for that. I'm a lawyer."  So am I, although there have been times when my assumption in that particular has been disputed. I am unmarried, and just old enough to dance with the grown-up little sisters of the girls I used to know. I am fond of outdoors, prefer horses to the aforesaid grown-up little sisters, am without sentiment (am crossed out and was substituted.-Ed.) and completely ruled and frequently routed by my housekeeper, an elderly widow.  In fact, of all the men of my acquaintance, I was probably the most prosaic, the least adventurous, the one man in a hundred who would be likely to go without a deviation from the normal through the orderly procession of the seasons, summer suits to winter flannels, golf to bridge.  So it was a queer freak of the demons of chance to perch on my unsusceptible thirty-year-old chest, tie me up with a crime, ticket me with a love affair, and start me on that sensational and not always respectable journey that ended so surprisingly less than three weeks later in the firm's private office. It had been the most remarkable period of my life. I would neither give it up nor live it again under any inducement, and yet all that I lost was some twenty yards off my drive!  It was really McKnight's turn to make the next journey. I had a tournament at Chevy Chase for Saturday, and a short yacht cruise planned for Sunday, and when a man has been grinding at statute law for a week, he needs relaxation. But McKnight begged off. It was not the first time he had shirked that summer in order to run down to Richmond, and I was surly about it. But this time he had a new excuse. "I wouldn't be able to look after the business if I did go," he said. He has a sort of wide-eyed frankness that makes one ashamed to doubt him. "I'm always car sick crossing the mountains. It's a fact, Lollie. See-sawing over the peaks does it. Why, crossing the Alleghany Mountains has the Gulf Stream to Bermuda beaten to a frazzle."  So I gave him up finally and went home to pack. He came later in the evening with his machine, the Cannonball, to take me to the station, and he brought the forged notes in the Bronson case.  "Guard them with your life," he warned me. "They are more precious than honor. Sew them in your chest protector, or wherever people keep valuables. I never keep any. I'll not be happy until I see Gentleman Andy doing the lockstep."  He sat down on my clean collars, found my cigarettes and struck a match on the mahogany bed post with one movement.  "Where's the Pirate?" he demanded. The Pirate is my housekeeper, Mrs. The staircase to the third floor went up from somewhere back in the nursery wing.  My bedroom was over the library, and Mrs. Butler and Margery Fleming had connecting rooms, across the hall. Fred and Edith slept in the nursery wing, so they would be near the children. In the square upper hall there was a big reading table, a lamp, and some comfortable chairs. Here, when they were alone, Fred read aloud the evening paper, or his latest short story, and Edith's sewing basket showed how she put in what women miscall their leisure.  I did not go to sleep at once: naturally the rather vital step I had taken in the library insisted on being considered and almost regretted. I tried reading myself to sleep, and when that failed, I tried the soothing combination of a cigarette and a book. That worked like a charm; the last thing I remember is of holding the cigarette in a death grip as I lay with my pillows propped back of me, my head to the light, and a delightful languor creeping over me.  I was wakened by the pungent acrid smell of smoke, and I sat up and blinked my eyes open. The side of the bed was sending up a steady column of gray smoke, and there was a smart crackle of fire under me somewhere. I jumped out of bed and saw the trouble instantly. My cigarette had dropped from my hand, still lighted, and as is the way with cigarettes, determined to burn to the end. In so doing it had fired my bed, the rug under the bed and pretty nearly the man on the bed.  It took some sharp work to get it all out without rousing the house. Then I stood amid the wreckage and looked ruefully at Edith's pretty room. I could see, mentally, the spot of water on the library ceiling the next morning, and I could hear Fred's strictures on the heedlessness and indifference to property of bachelors in general and me in particular.  Three pitchers of water on the bed had made it an impossible couch. I put on a dressing-gown, and, with a blanket over my arm, I went out to hunt some sort of place to sleep. I decided on the davenport in the hall just outside, and as quietly as I could, I put a screen around it and settled down for the night.  I was wakened by the touch of a hand on my face. I started, I think, and the hand was jerked away--I am not sure: I was still drowsy. I lay very quiet, listening for footsteps, but none came. With the feeling that there was some one behind the screen, I jumped up. The hall was dark and quiet. When I found no one I concluded it had been only a vivid dream, and I sat down on the edge of the davenport and yawned.  I heard Edith moving back in the nursery: she has an uncomfortable habit of wandering around in the night, covering the children, closing windows, and sniffing for fire. I was afraid some of the smoke from my conflagration had reached her suspicious nose, but she did not come into the front hall. I was wide-awake by that time, and it was then, I think, that I noticed a heavy, sweetish odor in the air. At first I thought one of the children might be ill, and that Edith was dosing him with one of the choice concoctions that she kept in the bath-room medicine closet. When she closed her door, however, and went back to bed, I knew I had been mistaken.  The sweetish smell was almost nauseating. For some reason or other--association of certain odors with certain events--I found myself recalling the time I had a wisdom tooth taken out, and that when I came around I was being sat on by the dentist and his assistant, and the latter had a black eye. Then, suddenly, I knew. The sickly odor was chloroform!  I had the light on in a moment, and was rapping at Margery's door. It was locked, and I got no answer. A pale light shone over the transom, but everything was ominously quiet, beyond the door. I went to Mrs. Butler's door, next; it was unlocked and partly open. One glance at the empty bed and the confusion of the place, and I rushed without ceremony through the connecting door into Margery's room.  The atmosphere was reeking with chloroform. The girl was in bed, apparently sleeping quietly. One arm was thrown up over her head, and the other lay relaxed on the white cover. A folded towel had been laid across her face, and when I jerked it away I saw she was breathing very slowly, stertorously, with her eyes partly open and fixed.  I threw up all the windows, before I roused the family, and as soon as Edith was in the room I telephoned for the doctor. I hardly remember what I did until he came: I know we tried to rouse Margery and failed, and I know that Fred went down-stairs and said the silver was intact and the back kitchen door open. And then the doctor came, and I was put out in the hall, and for an eternity, I walked up and down, eight steps one way, eight steps back, unable to think, unable even to hope.  Not until the doctor came out to me, and said she was better, and would I call a maid to make some strong black coffee, did I come out of my stupor. The chance of doing something, anything, made me determine to make the coffee myself. They still speak of that coffee at Fred's.  It was Edith who brought Mrs. Butler to my mind. Fred had maintained that she had fled before the intruders, and was probably in some closet or corner of the upper floor. I am afraid our solicitude was long in coming. It was almost an hour before we organized a searching party to look for her. Fred went up-stairs, and I took the lower floor.  It was I who found her, after all, lying full length on the grass in the little square yard back of the house. She was in a dead faint, and she was a much more difficult patient than Margery.  We could get no story from either of them that night. The two rooms had been ransacked, but apparently nothing had been stolen. Fred vowed he had locked and bolted the kitchen door, and that it had been opened from within.  It was a strange experience, that night intrusion into the house, without robbery as a motive. If Margery knew or suspected the reason for the outrage, she refused to say. As for Mrs. Butler, to mention the occurrence put her into hysteria. It was Fred who put forth the most startling theory of the lot.  "By George," he said the next morning when we had failed to find tracks in the yard, and Edith had reported every silver spoon in its place, "by George, it wouldn't surprise me if the lady in the grave clothes did it herself. There isn't anything a hysterical woman won't do to rouse your interest in her, if it begins to flag. How did any one get in through that kitchen door, when it was locked inside and bolted? I tell you, she opened it herself."  I did not like to force Margery's confidence, but I believed that the outrage was directly for the purpose of searching her room, perhaps for papers that had been her father's. Mrs. Butler came around enough by morning, to tell a semi-connected story in which she claimed that two men had come in from a veranda roof, and tried to chloroform her. That she had pretended to be asleep and had taken the first opportunity, while they were in the other room, to run down-stairs and into the yard. Edith thought it likely enough, being a credulous person.  As it turned out, Edith's intuition was more reliable than my skepticism,--or Fred's.      The inability of Margery Fleming to tell who had chloroformed her, and Mrs. Butler's white face and brooding eyes made a very respectable mystery out of the affair. Only Fred, Edith and I came down to breakfast that morning. Fred's expression was half amused, half puzzled. Edith fluttered uneasily over the coffee machine, her cheeks as red as the bow of ribbon at her throat. I was preoccupied, and, like Fred, I propped the morning paper in front of me and proceeded to think in its shelter.  "Did you find anything, Fred?" Edith asked. Fred did not reply, so she repeated the question with some emphasis.  "Eh--what?" Fred inquired, peering around the corner of the paper.  "Did--you--find--any--clue?"  "Yes, dear--that is, no. Nothing to amount to anything. Upon my soul, Jack, if I wrote the editorials of this paper, I'd _say_ something." He subsided into inarticulate growls behind the paper, and everything was quiet. Then I heard a sniffle, distinctly. I looked up. Edith was crying--pouring cream into a coffee cup, and feeling blindly for the sugar, with her pretty face twisted and her pretty eyes obscured. In a second I was up, had crumpled the newspapers, including Fred's, into a ball, and had lifted him bodily out of his chair.  "When I am married," I said fiercely, jerking him around to Edith and pushing him into a chair beside her, "if I ever read the paper at breakfast when my wife is bursting for conversation, may I have some good and faithful friend who will bring me back to a sense of my duty." I drew a chair to Edith's other side. "Now, let's talk," I said.  She wiped her eyes shamelessly with her table napkin. "There isn't a soul in this house I can talk to," she wailed. "All kinds of awful things happening--and we had to send for coffee this morning, Jack. You must have used four pounds last night--and nobody will tell me a thing. There's no use asking Margery--she's sick at her stomach from the chloroform--and Ellen never talks except about herself, and she's horribly--uninteresting. And Fred and you make a ba--barricade out of newspapers, and fire 'yes' at me when you mean 'no.'"  "I put the coffee back where I got it, Edith," I protested stoutly. "I know we're barbarians, but I'll swear to that." And then I stopped, for I had a sudden recollection of going up-stairs with something fat and tinny in my arms, of finding it in my way, and of hastily thrusting it into the boys' boot closet under the nursery stair.  Fred had said nothing. He had taken her hand and was patting it gently, the while his eye sought the head-lines on the wad of morning paper.  "You burned that blue rug," she said to me disconsolately, with a threat of fresh tears. "It took me ages to find the right shade of blue."  "I will buy you that Shirvan you wanted," I hastened to assure her.  "Yes, to take away when you get married." There is a hint of the shrew in all good women.  "I will buy the Shirvan and _not_ get married."  Here, I regret to say, Edith suddenly laughed. She threw her head back and jeered at me.  "You!" she chortled, and pointed one slim finger at me mockingly. "You, who are so mad about one girl that you love all women for her sake! You, who go white instead of red when she comes into the room! You, who have let your practice go to the dogs to be near her, and then never speak to her when she's around, but sit with your mouth open like a puppy begging for candy, ready to snap up every word she throws you and wiggle with joy!"  I was terrified.  "Honestly, Edith, do I do that?" I gasped. But she did not answer; she only leaned over and kissed Fred.  "Women like men to be awful fools about them," she said. "That's why I'm so crazy about Freddie." He writhed.  "If I tell you something nice, Jack, will you make it a room-size rug?"  "Room size it is."  "Then--Margery's engagement ring was stolen last night and when I commiserated her she said--dear me, the lamp's out and the coffee is cold!"  "Remarkable speech, under the circumstances," said Fred.  Edith rang the bell and seemed to be thinking. "Perhaps we'd better make it four small rugs instead of one large one," she said.  "Not a rug until you have told me what Margery said," firmly.  "Oh, that! Why, she said it really didn't matter about the ring. She had never cared much about it anyway."  "But that's only a matter of taste," I protested, somewhat disappointed. But Edith got up and patted me on the top of my head.  "Silly," she said. "If the right man came along and gave her a rubber teething ring, she'd be crazy about it for his sake."  "Edith!" Fred said, shocked. But Edith had gone.  She took me up-stairs before I left for the office to measure for the Shirvan, Edith being a person who believes in obtaining a thing while the desire for it is in its first bloom. Across the hall Fred was talking to Margery through the transom.  "Mustard leaves are mighty helpful," he was saying. "I always take 'em on shipboard. And cheer up: land's in sight."  I would have given much for Fred's ease of manner when, a few minutes later, Edith having decided on four Shirvans and a hall runner, she took me to the door of Margery's room.  She was lying very still and pale in the center of the white bed, and she tried bravely to smile at us.  "I hope you are better," I said. "Don't let Edith convince you that my coffee has poisoned you."  She said she was a little better, and that she didn't know she had had any coffee. That was the extent of the conversation. I, who have a local reputation of a sort before a jury, I could not think of another word to say. I stood there for a minute uneasily, with Edith poking me with her finger to go inside the door and speak and act like an intelligent human being. But I only muttered something about a busy day before me and fled. It was a singular thing, but as I stood in the doorway, I had a vivid mental picture of Edith's description of me, sitting up puppy-like to beg for a kind word, and wiggling with delight when I got it. If I slunk into my office that morning like a dog scourged to his kennel, Edith was responsible.  At the office I found a note from Miss Letitia, and after a glance at it I looked for the first train, in my railroad schedule. The note was brief; unlike the similar epistle I had received from Miss Jane the day she disappeared, this one was very formal.       "MR. JOHN KNOX:       "DEAR SIR--Kindly oblige me by coming to see me as soon as you      get this. Some things have happened, not that I think they are      worth a row of pins, but Hepsibah is an old fool, and she says      she did not put the note in the milk bottle.      "Yours very respectfully,      "LETITIA ANN MAITLAND."  I had an appointment with Burton for the afternoon, to take Wardrop, if we could get him on some pretext, to Doctor Anderson. That day, also, I had two cases on the trial list. I got Humphreys, across the hall, to take them over, and evading Hawes' resentful blink, I went on my way to Bellwood. It was nine days since Miss Jane had disappeared. On my way out in the train I jotted down the things that had happened in that time: Allan Fleming had died and been buried; the Borough Bank had failed; some one had got into the Fleming house and gone through the papers there; Clarkson had killed himself; we had found that Wardrop had sold the pearls; the leather bag had been returned; Fleming's second wife had appeared, and some one had broken into my own house and, intentionally or not, had almost sent Margery Fleming over the borderland.  It seemed to me everything pointed in one direction, to a malignity against Fleming that extended itself to the daughter. I thought of what the woman who claimed to be the dead man's second wife had said the day before. If the staircase she had spoken of opened into the room where Fleming was shot, and if Schwartz was in town at the time, then, in view of her story that he had already tried once to kill him, the likelihood was that Schwartz was at least implicated.  If Wardrop knew that, why had he not denounced him? Was I to believe that, after all the mystery, the number eleven twenty-two was to resolve itself into the number of a house? Would it be typical of the Schwartz I knew to pin bits of paper to a man's pillow? On the other hand, if he had reason to think that Fleming had papers that would incriminate him, it would be like Schwartz to hire some one to search for them, and he would be equal to having Wardrop robbed of the money he was taking to Fleming.  Granting that Schwartz had killed Fleming--then who was the woman with Wardrop the night he was robbed? Why did he take the pearls and sell them? How did the number eleven twenty-two come into Aunt Jane's possession? How did the leather bag get to Boston? Who had chloroformed Margery? Who had been using the Fleming house while it was closed? Most important of all now--where was Aunt Jane?  The house at Bellwood looked almost cheerful in the May sunshine, as I went up the walk. Nothing ever changed the straight folds of the old-fashioned lace curtains; no dog ever tracked the porch, or buried sacrilegious and odorous bones on the level lawn; the birds were nesting in the trees, well above the reach of Robert's ladder, but they were decorous, well-behaved birds, whose prim courting never partook of the exuberance of their neighbors', bursting their little throats in an elm above the baby perambulator in the next yard.  When Bella had let me in, and I stood once more in the straight hall, with the green rep chairs and the Japanese umbrella stand, involuntarily I listened for the tap of Miss Jane's small feet on the stairs. Instead came Bella's heavy tread, and a request from Miss Letitia that I go up-stairs.  The old lady was sitting by a window of her bedroom, in a chintz upholstered chair. She did not appear to be feeble; the only change I noticed was a relaxation in the severe tidiness of her dress. I guessed that Miss Jane's exquisite neatness had been responsible for the white ruchings, the soft caps, and the spotless shoulder shawls which had made lovely their latter years.  "You've taken your own time about coming, haven't you?" Miss Letitia asked sourly. "If it hadn't been for that cousin of yours you sent here, Burton, I'd have been driven to sending for Amelia Miles, and when I send for Amelia Miles for company, I'm in a bad way."  "I have had a great deal to attend to," I said as loud as I could. "I came some days ago to tell you Mr. Fleming was dead; after that we had to bury him, and close the house. It's been a very sad--"  "Did he leave anything?" she interrupted. "It isn't sad at all unless he didn't leave anything."  "He left very little. The house, perhaps, and I regret to have to tell you that a woman came to me yesterday who claims to be a second wife."  She took off her glasses, wiped them and put them on again.  "Then," she said with a snap, "there's one other woman in the world as big a fool as my sister Martha was. I didn't know there were two of 'em. What do you hear about Jane?"  "The last time I was here," I shouted, "you thought she was dead; have you changed your mind?"  "The last time you were here," she said with dignity, "I thought a good many things that were wrong. I thought I had lost some of the pearls, but I hadn't."  "What!" I exclaimed incredulously. She put her hands on the arms of her chair, and leaning forward, shot the words at me viciously. Miss Letitia snarled. "What are you smoking for? That ain't my shirt; it's my--"  "I ain't smokin'," yelled Heppie. "You won't let me tell you. I spilled vinegar on the stove; that's what you smell."  Miss Letitia's sardonic chuckle came through the door.  "Vinegar," she said with scorn. "Next thing you'll be telling me it's vinegar that Harry and Mr. Knox carry around in little boxes in their pockets. You've pinned my cap to my scalp."  I hurried down-stairs to find Davidson gone. My blanket lay neatly folded, on the lower step, and the horsehair chairs were ranged along the wall as before. I looked around anxiously for telltale ashes, but there was none, save, at the edge of the spotless register, a trace. Evidently they had followed the apple parings. It grew cold a day or so later, and Miss Letitia had the furnace fired, and although it does not belong to my story, she and Heppie searched the house over to account for the odor of baking apples--a mystery that was never explained.  Wardrop did not appear at breakfast. Margery came down-stairs as Bella was bringing me my coffee, and dropped languidly into her chair. She looked tired and white.  "Another day!" she said wearily. "Did you ever live through such an eternity as the last thirty-six hours?"  I responded absently; the duty I had assumed hung heavy over me. I had a frantic impulse to shirk the whole thing: to go to Wardrop and tell him it was his responsibility, not mine, to make this sad-eyed girl sadder still. That as I had not his privilege of comforting her, neither should I shoulder his responsibility of telling her. But the issue was forced on me sooner than I had expected, for at that moment I saw the glaring head-lines of the morning paper, laid open at Wardrop's plate.  She must have followed my eyes, for we reached for it simultaneously. She was nearer than I, and her quick eye caught the name. Then I put my hand over the heading and she flushed with indignation.  "You are not to read it now," I said, meeting her astonished gaze as best I could. "Please let me have it. I promise you I will give it to you--almost immediately."  "You are very rude," she said without relinquishing the paper. "I saw a part of that; it is about my father!"  "Drink your coffee, please," I pleaded. "I will let you read it then. On my honor."  She looked at me; then she withdrew her hand and sat erect.  "How can you be so childish!" she exclaimed. "If there is anything in that paper that it--will hurt me to learn, is a cup of coffee going to make it any easier?"  I gave up then. I had always thought that people heard bad news better when they had been fortified with something to eat, and I had a very distinct recollection that Fred had made Edith drink something--tea probably--before he told her that Billy had fallen off the back fence and would have to have a stitch taken in his lip. Perhaps I should have offered Margery tea instead of coffee. But as it was, she sat, stonily erect, staring at the paper, and feeling that evasion would be useless, I told her what had happened, breaking the news as gently as I could.  I stood by her helplessly through the tearless agony that followed, and cursed myself for a blundering ass. I had said that he had been accidentally shot, and I said it with the paper behind me, but she put the evasion aside bitterly.  "Accidentally!" she repeated. The first storm of grief over, she lifted her head from where it had rested on her arms and looked at me, scorning my subterfuge. "He was murdered. That's the word I didn't have time to read! Murdered! And you sat back and let it happen. I went to you in time and you didn't do anything. No one did anything!"  I did not try to defend myself. How could I? And afterward when she sat up and pushed back the damp strands of hair from her eyes, she was more reasonable.  "I did not mean what I said about your not having done anything," she said, almost childishly. "No one could have done more. It was to happen, that's all."  But even then I knew she had trouble in store that she did not suspect. What would she do when she heard that Wardrop was under grave suspicion? Between her dead father and her lover, what? It was to be days before I knew and in all that time, I, who would have died, not cheerfully but at least stoically, for her, had to stand back and watch the struggle, not daring to hold out my hand to help, lest by the very gesture she divine my wild longing to hold her for myself.  She recovered bravely that morning from the shock, and refusing to go to her room and lie down--a suggestion, like the coffee, culled from my vicarious domestic life--she went out to the veranda and sat there in the morning sun, gazing across the lawn. I left her there finally, and broke the news of her brother-in-law's death to Miss Letitia. After the first surprise, the old lady took the news with what was nearer complacency than resignation.  "Shot!" she said, sitting up in bed, while Heppie shook her pillows. "It's a queer death for Allan Fleming; I always said he would be hanged."  After that, she apparently dismissed him from her mind, and we talked of her sister. Her mood had changed and it was depressing to find that she spoke of Jane always in the past tense. She could speak of her quite calmly--I suppose the sharpness of our emotions is in inverse ratio to our length of years, and she regretted that, under the circumstances, Jane would not rest in the family lot.  "We are all there," she said, "eleven of us, counting my sister Mary's husband, although he don't properly belong, and I always said we would take him out if we were crowded. It is the best lot in the Hopedale Cemetery; you can see the shaft for two miles in any direction."  We held a family council that morning around Miss Letitia's bed: Wardrop, who took little part in the proceedings, and who stood at a window looking out most of the time, Margery on the bed, her arm around Miss Letitia's shriveled neck, and Heppie, who acted as interpreter and shouted into the old lady's ear such parts of the conversation as she considered essential.  "I have talked with Miss Fleming," I said, as clearly as I could, "and she seems to shrink from seeing people. The only friends she cares about are in Europe, and she tells me there are no other relatives."  Heppie condensed this into a vocal capsule, and thrust it into Miss Letitia's ear. The old lady nodded.  "No other relatives," she corroborated. "God be praised for that, anyhow."  "And yet," I went on, "there are things to look after, certain necessary duties that no one else can attend to. I don't want to insist, but she ought, if she is able, to go to the city house, for a few hours, at least."  "City house!" Heppie yelled in her ear.  "It ought to be cleaned," Miss Letitia acquiesced, "and fresh curtains put up. Jane would have been in her element; she was always handy at a funeral. And don't let them get one of those let-down-at-the-side coffins. They're leaky."  Luckily Margery did not notice this.  "I was going to suggest," I put in hurriedly, "that my brother's wife would be only too glad to help, and if Miss Fleming will go into town with me, I am sure Edith would know just what to do. She isn't curious and she's very capable."  Margery threw me a grateful glance, grateful, I think, that I could understand how, under the circumstances, a stranger was more acceptable than curious friends could be.  "Mr. Knox's sister-in-law!" interpreted Heppie.  "When you have to say the letter 's,' turn your head away," Miss Letitia rebuked her. "Well, I don't object, if Knox's sister-in-law don't." She had an uncanny way of expanding Heppie's tabloid speeches. "You can take my white silk shawl to lay over the body, but be sure to bring it back. We may need it for Jane."  If the old lady's chin quivered a bit, while Margery threw her arms around her, she was mightily ashamed of it. But Heppie was made of weaker stuff. She broke into a sudden storm of sobs and left the room, to stick her head in the door a moment after.  "Kidneys or chops?" she shouted almost belligerently.  "Kidneys," Miss Letitia replied in kind.  Wardrop went with us to the station at noon, but he left us there, with a brief remark that he would be up that night. After I had put Margery in a seat, I went back to have a word with him alone. He was standing beside the train, trying to light a cigarette, but his hands shook almost beyond control, and after the fourth match he gave it up. My minute for speech was gone. As the train moved out I saw him walking back along the platform, paying no attention to anything around him. Also, I had a fleeting glimpse of a man loafing on a baggage truck, his hat over his eyes. He was paring an apple with a penknife, and dropping the peelings with careful accuracy through a crack in the floor of the platform.  I had arranged over the telephone that Edith should meet the train, and it was a relief to see that she and Margery took to each other at once. We drove to the house immediately, and after a few tears when she saw the familiar things around her, Margery rose to the situation bravely. Miss Letitia had sent Bella to put the house in order, and it was evident that the idea of clean curtains for the funeral had been drilled into her until it had become an obsession. Not until Edith had concealed the step-ladder were the hangings safe, and late in the afternoon we heard a crash from the library, and found Bella twisted on the floor, the result of putting a teakwood tabouret on a table and from thence attacking the lace curtains of the library windows.  Edith gave her a good scolding and sent her off to soak her sprained ankle. Then she righted the tabouret, sat down on it and began on me.  "Do you know that you have not been to the office for two days?" she said severely. "And do you know that Hawes had hysterics in our front hall last night? You had a case in court yesterday, didn't you?"  "Nothing very much," I said, looking over her head. "Anyhow, I'm tired. I don't know when I'm going back. I need a vacation."  She reached behind her and pulling the cord, sent the window shade to the top of the window. At the sight of my face thus revealed, she drew a long sigh.  "The biggest case you ever had, Jack! The biggest retainer you ever had--"  "I've spent that," I protested feebly.  "A vacation, and you only back from Pinehurst!"  "The girl was in trouble--_is_ in trouble, Edith," I burst out. "Any one would have done the same thing. Even Fred would hardly have deserted that household. It's stricken, positively stricken."  My remark about Fred did not draw her from cover.  "Of course it's your own affair," she said, not looking at me, "and goodness knows I'm disinterested about it, you ruin the boys, both stomachs and dispositions, and I could use your room _splendidly_ as a sewing-room--"  "Edith! You abominable little liar!"  She dabbed at her eyes furiously with her handkerchief, and walked with great dignity to the door. Then she came back and put her hand on my arm.  "Oh, Jack, if we could only have saved you this!" she said, and a minute later, when I did not speak: "Who is the man, dear?"  "A distant relative, Harry Wardrop," I replied, with what I think was very nearly my natural tone. "Don't worry, Edith. It's all right. I've known it right along."  "Pooh!" Edith returned sagely. "So do I know I've got to die and be buried some day. Its being inevitable doesn't make it any more cheerful." She went out, but she came back in a moment and stuck her head through the door.  "_That's_ the only inevitable thing there is," she said, taking up the conversation--an old habit of hers--where she had left off.  "I don't know what you are talking about," I retorted, turning my back on her. "And anyhow, I regard your suggestion as immoral." But when I turned again, she had gone.  That Saturday afternoon at four o'clock the body of Allan Fleming was brought home, and placed in state in the music-room of the house.  Miss Jane had been missing since Thursday night. I called Hunter by telephone, and he had nothing to report.      I had a tearful message from Hawes late that afternoon, and a little after five I went to the office. I found him offering late editions of the evening paper to a couple of clients, who were edging toward the door. His expression when he saw me was pure relief, the clients', relief strongly mixed with irritation.  I put the best face on the matter that I could, saw my visitors, and left alone, prepared to explain to Hawes what I could hardly explain to myself.  "I've been unavoidably detained, Hawes," I said, "Miss Jane Maitland has disappeared from her home."  "So I understood you over the telephone." He had brought my mail and stood by impassive.  "Also, her brother-in-law is dead."  "The papers are full of it."  "There was no one to do anything, Hawes. I was obliged to stay," I apologized. I was ostentatiously examining my letters and Hawes said nothing. I looked up at him sideways, and he looked down at me. Not a muscle of his face quivered, save one eye, which has a peculiar twitching of the lid when he is excited. It gave him a sardonic appearance of winking. He winked at me then.  "Don't wait, Hawes," I said guiltily, and he took his hat and went out. Every line of his back was accusation. The sag of his shoulders told me I had let my biggest case go by default that day; the forward tilt of his head, that I was probably insane; the very grip with which he seized the door-knob, his "good night" from around the door, that he knew there was a woman at the bottom of it all. As he closed the door behind him I put down my letters and dropped my face in my hands. Hawes was right. No amount of professional zeal could account for the interest I had taken. Partly through force of circumstances, partly of my own volition, I had placed myself in the position of first friend to a family with which I had had only professional relations; I had even enlisted Edith, when my acquaintance with Margery Fleming was only three days old! And at the thought of the girl, of Wardrop's inefficiency and my own hopelessness, I groaned aloud.  I had not heard the door open.  "I forgot to tell you that a gentleman was here half a dozen times to-day to see you. He didn't give any name."  I dropped my hands. From around the door Hawes' nervous eye was winking wildly.  "You're not sick, Mr. Knox?"  "Never felt better."  "I thought I heard--"  "I was singing," I lied, looking him straight in the eye.  He backed nervously to the door.  "I have a little sherry in my office, Mr. Knox--twenty-six years in the wood. If you--"  "For God's sake, Hawes, there's nothing the matter with me!" I exclaimed, and he went. But I heard him stand a perceptible time outside the door before he tiptoed away.  Almost immediately after, some one entered the waiting-room, and the next moment I was facing, in the doorway, a man I had never seen before.  He was a tall man, with thin, colorless beard trimmed to a Vandyke point, and pale eyes blinking behind glasses. He had a soft hat crushed in his hand, and his whole manner was one of subdued excitement.  "Mr. Knox?" he asked, from the doorway.  "Yes. Come in."  "I have been here six times since noon," he said, dropping rather than sitting in a chair. "My name is Lightfoot. I am--was--Mr. Fleming's cashier."  "Yes?"  "I was terribly shocked at the news of his death," he stumbled on, getting no help from me. "I was in town and if I had known in time I could have kept some of the details out of the papers. Poor Fleming--to think he would end it that way."  "End it?"  "Shoot himself." He watched me closely.  "But he didn't," I protested. "It was not suicide, Mr. Lightfoot. According to the police, it was murder."  His cold eyes narrowed like a cat's. "Murder is an ugly word, Mr. Knox. Don't let us be sensational. Mr. Fleming had threatened to kill himself more than once; ask young Wardrop. He was sick and despondent; he left his home without a word, which points strongly to emotional insanity. He could have gone to any one of a half dozen large clubs here, or at the capital. Instead, he goes to a little third-rate political club, where, presumably, he does his own cooking and hides in a dingy room. Is that sane? Murder! It was suicide, and that puppy Wardrop knows it well enough. I--I wish I had him by the throat!"  He had worked himself into quite a respectable rage, but now he calmed himself.  "I have seen the police," he went on. "They agree with me that it was suicide, and the party newspapers will straighten it out to-morrow. It is only unfortunate that the murder theory was given so much publicity. The _Times-Post_, which is Democratic, of course, I can not handle."  I sat stupefied.  "Suicide!" I said finally. "With no weapon, no powder marks, and with a half-finished letter at his elbow."  He brushed my interruption aside.  "Mr. Fleming had been--careless," he said. "I can tell you in confidence, that some of the state funds had been deposited in the Borough Bank of Manchester, and--the Borough Bank closed its doors at ten o'clock to-day."  I was hardly surprised at that, but the whole trend of events was amazing.  "I arrived here last night," he said, "and I searched the city for Mr. Fleming. This morning I heard the news. I have just come from the house: his daughter referred me to you. After all, what I want is a small matter. Some papers--state documents--are missing, and no doubt are among Mr. Fleming's private effects. I would like to go through his papers, and leave to-night for the capital."  "I have hardly the authority," I replied doubtfully. "Miss Fleming, I suppose, would have no objection. His private secretary, Wardrop, would be the one to superintend such a search."  "Can you find Wardrop--at once?"  Something in his eagerness put me on my guard.  "I will make an attempt," I said. "Let me have the name of your hotel, and I will telephone you if it can be arranged for to-night."  He had to be satisfied with that, but his eagerness seemed to me to be almost desperation. Oddly enough, I could not locate Wardrop after all. I got the Maitland house by telephone, to learn that he had left there about three o'clock, and had not come back.  I went to the Fleming house for dinner. Edith was still there, and we both tried to cheer Margery, a sad little figure in her black clothes. After the meal, I called Lightfoot at his hotel, and told him that I could not find Wardrop; that there were no papers at the house, and that the office safe would have to wait until Wardrop was found to open it. He was disappointed and furious; like a good many men who are physical cowards, he said a great deal over the telephone that he would not have dared to say to my face, and I cut him off by hanging up the receiver. From that minute, in the struggle that was coming, like Fred, I was "forninst" the government. Even now I wonder--what did Thomas know?  What did he suspect?  At ten o'clock the household had settled down for the night. Liddy, who was taking Mrs. Watson's place, had finished examining the tea-towels and the corners of the shelves in the cooling-room, and had gone to bed.  Alex, the gardener, had gone heavily up the circular staircase to his room, and Mr. Jamieson was examining the locks of the windows. Halsey dropped into a chair in the living-room, and stared moodily ahead.  Once he roused.  "What sort of a looking chap is that Walker, Gertrude?" he asked!  "Rather tall, very dark, smooth-shaven.  Not bad looking," Gertrude said, putting down the book she had been pretending to read.  Halsey kicked a taboret viciously.  "Lovely place this village must be in the winter," he said irrelevantly.  "A girl would be buried alive here."  It was then some one rapped at the knocker on the heavy front door. Halsey got up leisurely and opened it, admitting Warner. He was out of breath from running, and he looked half abashed.  "I am sorry to disturb you," he said.  "But I didn't know what else to do.  It's about Thomas."  "What about Thomas?" I asked.  Mr. Jamieson had come into the hall and we all stared at Warner.  "He's acting queer," Warner explained.  "He's sitting down there on the edge of the porch, and he says he has seen a ghost.  The old man looks bad, too; he can scarcely speak."  "He's as full of superstition as an egg is of meat," I said. "Halsey, bring some whisky and we will all go down."  No one moved to get the whisky, from which I judged there were three pocket flasks ready for emergency.  Gertrude threw a shawl around my shoulders, and we all started down over the hill: I had made so many nocturnal excursions around the place that I knew my way perfectly. But Thomas was not on the veranda, nor was he inside the house.  The men exchanged significant glances, and Warner got a lantern.  "He can't have gone far," he said.  "He was trembling so that he couldn't stand, when I left."  Jamieson and Halsey together made the round of the lodge, occasionally calling the old man by name.  But there was no response.  No Thomas came, bowing and showing his white teeth through the darkness.  I began to be vaguely uneasy, for the first time.  Gertrude, who was never nervous in the dark, went alone down the drive to the gate, and stood there, looking along the yellowish line of the road, while I waited on the tiny veranda.  Warner was puzzled.  He came around to the edge of the veranda and stood looking at it as if it ought to know and explain.  "He might have stumbled into the house," he said, "but he could not have climbed the stairs.  Anyhow, he's not inside or outside, that I can see."  The other members of the party had come back now, and no one had found any trace of the old man.  His pipe, still warm, rested on the edge of the rail, and inside on the table his old gray hat showed that its owner had not gone far.  He was not far, after all.  From the table my eyes traveled around the room, and stopped at the door of a closet.  I hardly know what impulse moved me, but I went in and turned the knob. It burst open with the impetus of a weight behind it, and something fell partly forward in a heap on the floor.  It was Thomas--Thomas without a mark of injury on him, and dead.     Warner was on his knees in a moment, fumbling at the old man's collar to loosen it, but Halsey caught his hand.  "Let him alone?" he said.  "You can't help him; he is dead."  We stood there, each avoiding the other's eyes; we spoke low and reverently in the presence of death, and we tacitly avoided any mention of the suspicion that was in every mind.  When Mr. Jamieson had finished his cursory examination, he got up and dusted the knees of his trousers.  "There is no sign of injury," he said, and I know I, for one, drew a long breath of relief.  "From what Warner says and from his hiding in the closet, I should say he was scared to death. Fright and a weak heart, together."  "But what could have done it?" Gertrude asked.  "He was all right this evening at dinner.  Warner, what did he say when you found him on the porch?"  Warner looked shaken: his honest, boyish face was colorless.  "Just what I told you, Miss Innes.  He'd been reading the paper down-stairs; I had put up the car, and, feeling sleepy, I came down to the lodge to go to bed.  As I went up-stairs, Thomas put down the paper and, taking his pipe, went out on the porch. Then I heard an exclamation from him."  "What did he say?" demanded Jamieson.  "I couldn't hear, but his voice was strange; it sounded startled.  I waited for him to call out again, but he did not, so I went down-stairs.  He was sitting on the porch step, looking straight ahead, as if he saw something among the trees across the road.  And he kept mumbling about having seen a ghost.  He looked queer, and I tried to get him inside, but he wouldn't move.  Then I thought I'd better go up to the house."  "Didn't he say anything else you could understand?" I asked.  "He said something about the grave giving up its dead."  Mr. Jamieson was going through the old man's pockets, and Gertrude was composing his arms, folding them across his white shirt-bosom, always so spotless.  Mr. Jamieson looked up at me.  "What was that you said to me, Miss Innes, about the murder at the house being a beginning and not an end?  By jove, I believe you were right!"  In the course of his investigations the detective had come to the inner pocket of the dead butler's black coat.  Here he found some things that interested him.  One was a small flat key, with a red cord tied to it, and the other was a bit of white paper, on which was written something in Thomas' cramped hand.  Mr. Jamieson read it: then he gave it to me. It was an address in fresh ink--              LUCIEN WALLACE, 14 Elm Street, Richfield.  As the card went around, I think both the detective and I watched for any possible effect it might have, but, beyond perplexity, there seemed to be none.  "Richfield!" Gertrude exclaimed.  "Why, Elm Street is the main street; don't you remember, Halsey?"  "Lucien Wallace!" Halsey said.  "That is the child Stewart spoke of at the inquest."  Warner, with his mechanic's instinct, had reached for the key. What he said was not a surprise.  "Yale lock," he said.  "Probably a key to the east entry."  There was no reason why Thomas, an old and trusted servant, should not have had a key to that particular door, although the servants' entry was in the west wing.  But I had not known of this key, and it opened up a new field of conjecture.  Just now, however, there were many things to be attended to, and, leaving Warner with the body, we all went back to the house.  Mr. Jamieson walked with me, while Halsey and Gertrude followed.  "I suppose I shall have to notify the Armstrongs," I said.  "They will know if Thomas had any people and how to reach them.  Of course, I expect to defray the expenses of the funeral, but his relatives must be found.  What do you think frightened him, Mr. Jamieson?"  "It is hard to say," he replied slowly, "but I think we may be certain it was fright, and that he was hiding from something.  I am sorry in more than one way:  I have always believed that Thomas knew something, or suspected something, that he would not tell.  Do you know how much money there was in that worn-out wallet of his?  Nearly a hundred dollars!  Almost two months' wages--and yet those darkies seldom have a penny.  Well--what Thomas knew will be buried with him."  Halsey suggested that the grounds be searched, but Mr. Jamieson vetoed the suggestion.  "You would find nothing," he said.  "A person clever enough to get into Sunnyside and tear a hole in the wall, while I watched down-stairs, is not to be found by going around the shrubbery with a lantern."  With the death of Thomas, I felt that a climax had come in affairs at Sunnyside.  The night that followed was quiet enough. Halsey watched at the foot of the staircase, and a complicated system of bolts on the other doors seemed to be effectual.  Once in the night I wakened and thought I heard the tapping again.  But all was quiet, and I had reached the stage where I refused to be disturbed for minor occurrences.  The Armstrongs were notified of Thomas' death, and I had my first interview with Doctor Walker as a result.  He came up early the next morning, just as we finished breakfast, in a professional looking car with a black hood.  I found him striding up and down the living-room, and, in spite of my preconceived dislike, I had to admit that the man was presentable.  A big fellow he was, tall and dark, as Gertrude had said, smooth-shaven and erect, with prominent features and a square jaw.  He was painfully spruce in his appearance, and his manner was almost obtrusively polite.  "I must make a double excuse for this early visit, Miss Innes," he said as he sat down.  The chair was lower than he expected, and his dignity required collecting before he went on.  "My professional duties are urgent and long neglected, and"--a fall to the every-day manner--"something must be done about that body."  "Yes," I said, sitting on the edge of my chair.  "I merely wished the address of Thomas' people.  You might have telephoned, if you were busy."  He smiled.  "I wished to see you about something else," he said.  "As for Thomas, it is Mrs. Armstrong's wish that you would allow her to attend to the expense.  About his relatives, I have already notified his brother, in the village.  It was heart disease, I think.  Thomas always had a bad heart."  "Heart disease and fright," I said, still on the edge of my chair.  But the doctor had no intention of leaving.  "I understand you have a ghost up here, and that you have the house filled with detectives to exorcise it," he said.  For some reason I felt I was being "pumped," as Halsey says. "You have been misinformed," I replied.  "What, no ghost, no detectives!" he said, still with his smile. "What a disappointment to the village!"  I resented his attempt at playfulness.  It had been anything but a joke to us.  "Doctor Walker," I said tartly, "I fail to see any humor in the situation.  Since I came here, one man has been shot, and another one has died from shock.  There have been intruders in the house, and strange noises.  If that is funny, there is something wrong with my sense of humor."  "You miss the point," he said, still good-naturedly.  "The thing that is funny, to me, is that you insist on remaining here, under the circumstances.  I should think nothing would keep you."  "You are mistaken.  Everything that occurs only confirms my resolution to stay until the mystery is cleared."  "I have a message for you, Miss Innes," he said, rising at last.  "Mrs. Armstrong asked me to thank you for your kindness to Louise, whose whim, occurring at the time it did, put her to great inconvenience. Also--and this is a delicate matter--she asked me to appeal to your natural sympathy for her, at this time, and to ask you if you will not reconsider your decision about the house.  Sunnyside is her home; she loves it dearly, and just now she wishes to retire here for quiet and peace."  "She must have had a change of heart," I said, ungraciously enough. "Louise told me her mother despised the place.  Besides, this is no place for quiet and peace just now.  Anyhow, doctor, while I don't care to force an issue, I shall certainly remain here, for a time at least."  "For how long?" he asked.  "My lease is for six months.  I shall stay until some explanation is found for certain things.  My own family is implicated now, and I shall do everything to clear the mystery of Arnold Armstrong's murder."  The doctor stood looking down, slapping his gloves thoughtfully against the palm of a well-looked-after hand.  "You say there have been intruders in the house?" he asked. "You are sure of that, Miss Innes?"  "Certain."  "In what part?"  "In the east wing."  "Can you tell me when these intrusions occurred, and what the purpose seemed to be?  Was it robbery?"  "No," I said decidedly.  "As to time, once on Friday night a week ago, again the following night, when Arnold Armstrong was murdered, and again last Friday night."  The doctor looked serious.  He seemed to be debating some question in his mind, and to reach a decision.  "Miss Innes," he said, "I am in a peculiar position; I understand your attitude, of course; but--do you think you are wise?  Ever since you have come here there have been hostile demonstrations against you and your family.  I'm not a croaker, but--take a warning.  Leave before anything occurs that will cause you a lifelong regret."  "I am willing to take the responsibility," I said coldly.  I think he gave me up then as a poor proposition.  He asked to be shown where Arnold Armstrong's body had been found, and I took him there.  He scrutinized the whole place carefully, examining the stairs and the lock.  When he had taken a formal farewell I was confident of one thing.  Doctor Walker would do anything he could to get me away from Sunnyside.     It was Monday evening when we found the body of poor old Thomas. Monday night had been uneventful; things were quiet at the house and the peculiar circumstances of the old man's death had been carefully kept from the servants.  Rosie took charge of the dining-room and pantry, in the absence of a butler, and, except for the warning of the Casanova doctor, everything breathed of peace.  Affairs at the Traders' Bank were progressing slowly.  The failure had hit small stock-holders very hard, the minister of the little Methodist chapel in Casanova among them.  He had received as a legacy from an uncle a few shares of stock in the Traders' Bank, and now his joy was turned to bitterness: he had to sacrifice everything he had in the world, and his feeling against Paul Armstrong, dead, as he was, must have been bitter in the extreme.  He was asked to officiate at the simple services when the dead banker's body was interred in Casanova churchyard, but the good man providentially took cold, and a substitute was called in.  A few days after the services he called to see me, a kind-faced little man, in a very bad frock-coat and laundered tie.  I think he was uncertain as to my connection with the Armstrong family, and dubious whether I considered Mr. Armstrong's taking away a matter for condolence or congratulation.  He was not long in doubt.  I liked the little man.  He had known Thomas well, and had promised to officiate at the services in the rickety African Zion Church.  He told me more of himself than he knew, and before he left, I astonished him--and myself, I admit--by promising a new carpet for his church.  He was much affected, and I gathered that he had yearned over his ragged chapel as a mother over a half-clothed child.  "You are laying up treasure, Miss Innes," he said brokenly, "where neither moth nor rust corrupt, nor thieves break through and steal."  "It is certainly a safer place than Sunnyside," I admitted.  And the thought of the carpet permitted him to smile.  He stood just inside the doorway, looking from the luxury of the house to the beauty of the view.  "The rich ought to be good," he said wistfully.  "They have so much that is beautiful, and beauty is ennobling.  And yet--while I ought to say nothing but good of the dead--Mr. Armstrong saw nothing of this fair prospect.  To him these trees and lawns were not the work of God. They were property, at so much an acre.  He loved money, Miss Innes. He offered up everything to his golden calf.  Not power, not ambition, was his fetish: it was money." Then he dropped his pulpit manner, and, turning to me with his engaging smile:  "In spite of all this luxury," he said, "the country people here have a saying that Mr. Paul Armstrong could sit on a dollar and see all around it.  Unlike the summer people, he gave neither to the poor nor to the church.  He loved money for its own sake."  "And there are no pockets in shrouds!" I said cynically.  I sent him home in the car, with a bunch of hot-house roses for his wife, and he was quite overwhelmed.  As for me, I had a generous glow that was cheap at the price of a church carpet.  I received less gratification--and less gratitude--when I presented the new silver communion set to St. Barnabas.  I had a great many things to think about in those days.  I made out a list of questions and possible answers, but I seemed only to be working around in a circle.  I always ended where I began. The list was something like this:   Who had entered the house the night before the murder?  Thomas claimed it was Mr. Bailey, whom he had seen on the foot-path, and who owned the pearl cuff-link.  Why did Arnold Armstrong come back after he had left the house the night he was killed?  No answer.  Was it on the mission Louise had mentioned?  Who admitted him?  Gertrude said she had locked the east entry.  There was no key on the dead man or in the door.  He must have been admitted from within.  Who had been locked in the clothes chute?  Some one unfamiliar with the house, evidently.  Only two people missing from the household, Rosie and Gertrude.  Rosie had been at the lodge. Therefore--but was it Gertrude?  Might it not have been the mysterious intruder again?  Who had accosted Rosie on the drive?  Again--perhaps the nightly visitor.  It seemed more likely some one who suspected a secret at the lodge.  Was Louise under surveillance?  Who had passed Louise on the circular staircase?  Could it have been Thomas?  The key to the east entry made this a possibility.  But why was he there, if it were indeed he?  Who had made the hole in the trunk-room wall?  It was not vandalism.  It had been done quietly, and with deliberate purpose.  If I had only known how to read the purpose of that gaping aperture what I might have saved in anxiety and mental strain!  Why had Louise left her people and come home to hide at the lodge?  There was no answer, as yet, to this, or to the next questions.  Why did both she and Doctor Walker warn us away from the house?  Who was Lucien Wallace?  What did Thomas see in the shadows the night he died?  What was the meaning of the subtle change in Gertrude?  Was Jack Bailey an accomplice or a victim in the looting of the Traders' Bank?  What all-powerful reason made Louise determine to marry Doctor Walker?   The examiners were still working on the books of the Traders' Bank, and it was probable that several weeks would elapse before everything was cleared up.  The firm of expert accountants who had examined the books some two months before testified that every bond, every piece of valuable paper, was there at that time.  It had been shortly after their examination that the president, who had been in bad health, had gone to California. Mr. Bailey was still ill at the Knickerbocker, and in this, as in other ways, Gertrude's conduct puzzled me.  She seemed indifferent, refused to discuss matters pertaining to the bank, and never, to my knowledge, either wrote to him or went to see him.  Gradually I came to the conclusion that Gertrude, with the rest of the world, believed her lover guilty, and--although I believed it myself, for that matter--I was irritated by her indifference. "Most of them things look alike to me.  Yes, sir."  The defense had scored again.  But it suffered at the hands of Burns, the next witness.  I believe the prosecution had intended to call Turner at this time; but, after a whispered conference with Turner's attorneys, they made a change.  Turner, indeed, was in no condition to go on the stand.  He was pallid and twitching, and his face was covered with sweat.  Burns corroborated the testimony against Singleton--his surly temper, his outbursts of rage, his threats against the captain. And he brought out a new point: that Jones, the helmsman, had been afraid of Singleton that night, and had asked not to be left alone at the wheel.  During this examination the prosecution for the first time made clear their position: that the captain was murdered first; that Vail interfered, and, pursued by Singleton, took refuge in his bunk, where he was slaughtered; that the murderer, bending to inspect his horrid work, had unwittingly touched the bell that roused Karen Hansen, and, crouching in the chartroom with the axe, had struck her as she opened the door.  The prosecution questioned Burns about the axe and its disappearance.  "Who suggested that the axe be kept in the captain's cabin?"  "Leslie, acting as captain."  "Who had the key?"  "I carried it on a strong line around my neck."  "Whose arrangement was that?"  "Leslie's.  He had the key to Mr. Singleton's cabin, and I carried this one.  We divided the responsibility."  "Did you ever give the key to any one?"  "No, sir."  "Did it ever leave you?"  "Not until it was taken away."  "When was that?"  "On Saturday morning, August 22, shortly before dawn."  "Tell what happened."  "I was knocked down from behind, while I was standing at the port forward corner of the after house.  The key was taken from me while I was unconscious."  "Did you ever see the white object that has been spoken of by the crew?"  "No, sir.  I searched the deck one night when Adams, the lookout, raised an alarm.  We found nothing except--"  "Go on."  "He threw down a marlinespike at something moving in the bow.  The spike disappeared.  We couldn't find it, although we could see where it had struck the deck.  Afterwards we found a marlinespike hanging over the ship's side by a lanyard.  It might have been the one we looked for."  "Explain 'lanyard."'  "A cord--a sort of rope."  "It could not have fallen over the side and hung there?"  "It was fastened with a Blackwell hitch."  "Show us what you mean."  On cross-examination by Singleton's attorney, Burns was forced to relate the incident of the night before his injury--that Mrs. Johns had asked to see the axe, and he had shown it to her.  He maintained stoutly that she had not been near the bunk, and that the axe was there when he locked the door.  Adams, called, testified to seeing a curious, misty-white object on the forecastle-head.  It had seemed to come over the bow.  The marlinespike he threw had had no lanyard.  Mrs. Turner and Miss Lee escaped with a light examination.  Their evidence amounted to little, and was practically the same.  They had retired early, and did not rouse until I called them.  They remained in their rooms most of the time after that, and were busy caring for Mr. Turner, who had been ill.  Mrs. Turner was good enough to say that I had made them as safe and as comfortable as possible.  The number of witnesses to be examined, and the searching grilling to which most of them were subjected, would have dragged the case to interminable length, had it not been for the attitude of the judges, who discouraged quibbling and showed a desire to reach the truth with the least possible delay.  One of the judges showed the wide and unbiased attitude of the court by a little speech after an especially venomous contest.  "Gentlemen," he said, "we are attempting to get to a solution of this thing.  We are trying one man, it is true, but, in a certain sense, we are trying every member of the crew, every person who was on board the ship the night of the crime.  We have a curious situation.  The murderer is before us, either in the prisoner's dock or among the witnesses.  Let us get at the truth without bickering."  Mrs. Johns was called, following Miss Lee.  I watched her carefully on the stand.  I had never fathomed Mrs. Johns, or her attitude toward the rest of the party.  I had thought, at the beginning of the cruise, that Vail and she were incipient lovers.  But she had taken his death with a calmness that was close to indifference. There was something strange and inexplicable in her tigerish championship of Turner--and it remains inexplicable even now.  I have wondered since--was she in love with Turner, or was she only a fiery partisan?  I wonder!  She testified with an insolent coolness that clearly irritated the prosecution--thinking over her replies, refusing to recall certain things, and eyeing the jury with long, slanting glances that set them, according to their type, either wriggling or ogling.  The first questions were the usual ones.  Then:  "Do you recall the night of the 31st of July?"  "Can you be more specific?"  "I refer to the night when Captain Richardson found the prisoner in the chart-room and ordered him on deck."  "I recall that, yes."  "Where were you during the quarrel?"  "I was behind Mr. Vail."  "Tell us about it, please."  "It was an ordinary brawl.  The captain knocked the mate down."  "Did you hear the mate threaten the captain?"  "No.  He went on deck, muttering; I did not hear what was said."  "After the crimes, what did you do?"  "We established a dead-line at the foot of the forward companion. The other was locked."  "Was there a guard at the top of the companion?"  "Yes; but we trusted no one."  "Where was Mr. Turner?"  "Ill, in his cabin."  "How ill?"  "Very.  He was delirious."  "Did you allow any one down?"  "At first, Leslie, a sort of cabin-boy and deck steward, who seemed to know something of medicine.  Afterward we would not allow him, either."  "Why?"  "We did not trust him."  "This Leslie--why had you asked him to sleep in the storeroom?"  "I--was afraid."  "Will you explain why you were afraid?"  "Fear is difficult to explain, isn't it?  If one knows why one is afraid, one--er--generally isn't."  "That's a bit subtle, I'm afraid.  You were afraid, then, without knowing why?"  "Yes."  "Had you a revolver on board?'"  "Yes."  "Whose revolver was kept on the cabin table?"  "Mine.  I always carry one."  "Always?"  "Yes."  "Then--have you one with you now?"  "Yes."  "When you asked the sailor Burns to let you see the axe, what did you give as a reason?"  "The truth--curiosity."  "Then, having seen the axe, where did you go?"  "Below."  "Please explain the incident of the two articles Mr. Goldstein showed to the jury yesterday, the shirt and waistcoat."  "That was very simple.  Mr. Turner had been very ill.  We took turns in caring for him.  I spilled a bowl of broth over the garments that were shown, and rubbed them out in the bathroom.  They were hung in the cabin used by Mr. Vail to dry, and I forgot them when we were packing."  The attorney for the defense cross-examined her:  "What color were the stains you speak of?"  "Darkish--red-brown."  "What sort of broth did you spill?"  "That's childish, isn't it? I don't recall."  "You recall its color."  "It was beef broth."  "Mrs. Johns, on the night you visited the forward house and viewed the axe, did you visit it again?"  "The axe, or the forward house?"  "The house."  She made one of her long pauses.  Finally:--  "Yes."  "When?"  "Between three and four o'clock."  "Who went with you?"  "I went alone."  "Why did you go beyond the line that was railed off for your safety?"  (Sharply.) "Because I wished to.  I was able to take care of myself."  "Why did you visit the forward house?"  "I was nervous and could not sleep.  I thought no one safe while the axe was on the ship."  "Did you see the body of Burns, the sailor, lying on the deck at that time?"  "He might have been there; I did not see him."  "Are you saying that you went to the forward house to throw the axe overboard?"  "Yes--if I could get in."  "Did you know why the axe was being kept?"  "Because the murders had been committed with it."  "Had you heard of any finger-prints on the handle?"  "No."  "Did it occur to you that you were interfering with justice in disposing of the axe?"  "Do you mean justice or law?  They are not the same."  "Tell us about your visit to the forward house."  "It was between two and three.  I met no one.  I had a bunch of keys from the trunks and from four doors in the after house.  Miss Lee knew I intended to try to get rid of the axe.  I did not need my keys.  The door was open---wide open.  I--I went in, and--"  Here, for the first time, Mrs. Johns's composure forsook her.  She turned white, and her maid passed up to her a silver smelling-salts bottle.  "What happened when you went in?"  "It was dark.  I stood just inside.  Then something rushed past me and out of the door, a something--I don't know what--a woman, I thought at first, in white."  "If the room was dark, how could you tell it was white?"  "There was a faint light--enough to see that.  There was no noise--just a sort of swishing sound."  "What did you do then?"  "I waited a moment, and hurried back to the after house."  "Was the axe gone then?"  "I do not know."  "Did you see the axe at that time?"  "No."  "Did you touch it?"  "I have never touched it, at that time or before."  She could not be shaken in her testimony and was excused.  She had borne her grilling exceedingly well, and, in spite of her flippancy, there was a ring of sincerity about the testimony that gave it weight.  Following her evidence, the testimony of Tom, the cook, made things look bad for Singleton, by connecting him with Mrs. Johns's intruder in the captain's room.  He told of Singleton's offer to make him a key to the galley with wire.  It was clear that Singleton had been a prisoner in name only, and this damaging statement was given weight when, on my recall later, I identified the bunch of keys, the file, and the club that I had taken from Singleton's mattress.  It was plain enough that, with Singleton able to free himself as he wished, the attack on Burns and the disappearance of the axe were easily enough accounted for.  It would have been possible, also, to account for the white figure that had so alarmed the men, on the same hypothesis. Cross-examination of Tom by Mr. Goldstein, Singleton's attorney, brought out one curious fact.  He had made no dark soup or broth for the after house.  Turner had taken nothing during his illness but clam bouillon, made with milk, and the meals served to the four women had been very light.  "They lived on toast and tea, mostly," he said.  That completed the taking of evidence for the day.  In spite of the struggles of the clever young Jew, the weight of testimony was against Singleton.  But there were curious discrepancies.  Turner went on the stand the next morning.     "Your name?"  "Marshall Benedict Turner."  "Your residence?"  "West 106th Street, New York City."  "Your occupation?"  "Member of the firm of L. Turner's Sons, shipowners.  In the coast trade."  "Do you own the yacht Ella?"  "Yes."  "Do you recognize this chart?"  "Yes.  It is the chart of the after house of the Ella."  "Will you show where your room is on the drawing?"  "Here."  "And Mr. Vail's?"  "Next, connecting through a bath-room."  "Where was Mr. Vail's bed on the chart?"  "Here, against the storeroom wall."  "With your knowledge of the ship and its partitions, do you think that a crime could be committed, a crime of the violent nature of this one, without making a great deal of noise and being heard in the storeroom?"  Violent opposition developing to this question, it was changed in form and broken up.  Eventually, Turner answered that the partitions were heavy and he thought it possible.  "Were the connecting doors between your room and Mr. Vail's generally locked at night?"  "Yes.  Not always."  "Were they locked on this particular night?"  "I don't remember."  "When did you see Mr. Vail last?"  "At midnight, or about that.  I--I was not well.  He went with me to my room."  "What were your relations with Mr. Vail?"  "We were old friends."  "Did you hear any sound in Mr. Vail's cabin that night?"  "None.  But, as I say, I was--ill.  I might not have noticed."  "Did you leave your cabin that night of August 11 or early morning of the 12th?"  "Not that I remember."  "The steersman has testified to seeing you, without your coat, in the chart-room, at two o'clock.  Were you there?"  "I may have been--I think not."  "Why do you say you 'may have been--I think not'?"  "I was ill.  The next day I was delirious.  I remember almost nothing of that time."  "Did you know the woman Karen Hansen?"  "Only as a maid in my wife's employ."  "Did you hear the crash when Leslie broke down the door of the storeroom?"  "No.  I was in a sort of stupor."  "Did you know the prisoner before you employed him on the Ella?"  "Yes; he had been in our employ several times."  "What was his reputation--I mean, as a ship's officer?"  "Good."  "Do you recall the night of the 31st of July?"  "Quite well."  "Please tell what you know about it."  "I had asked Mr. Singleton below to have a drink with me.  Captain Richardson came below and ordered him on deck.  They had words, and he knocked Singleton down."  "Did you hear the mate threaten to 'get' the captain, then or later?"  "He may have made some such threat."  "Is there a bell in your cabin connecting with the maids' cabin off the chart-room?"  "No.  My bell rang in the room back of the galley, where Williams slept.  The boat was small, and I left my man at home.  Williams looked after me."  "Where did the bell from Mr. Vail's room ring?"  "In the maids' room.  Mr. Vail's room was designed for Mrs. Turner. When we asked Mrs. Johns to go with us, Mrs. Turner gave Vail her room. It was a question of baths."  "Did you ring any bell during the night?"  "No."  "Knowing the relation of the bell above Mr. Vail's berth to the bed itself, do you think he could have reached it after his injury?"  (Slowly.) "After what the doctor has said, no; he would have had to raise himself and reach up."  The cross-examination was brief but to the point:  "What do you mean by 'ill'?"  "That night I had been somewhat ill; the next day I was in bad shape."  "Did you know the woman Karen Hansen before your wife employed her?"  "No."  "A previous witness has said that the Hansen woman, starting out of her room, saw you outside and retreated.  Were you outside the door at any time during that night?"  "Only before midnight."  "You said you 'might have been' in the chart-room at two o'clock."  "I have said I was ill.  I might have done almost anything."  "That is exactly what we are getting at, Mr. Turner.  Going back to the 30th of July, when you were not ill, did you have any words with the captain?"  "We had a few.  He was exceeding his authority."  "Do you recall what you said?"  "I was indignant."  "Think again, Mr. Turner.  If you cannot recall, some one else will."  "I threatened to dismiss him and put the first mate in his place. I was angry, naturally."  "And what did the captain reply?"  "He made an absurd threat to put me in irons."  "What were your relations after that?"  "They were strained.  We simply avoided each other."  "Just a few more questions, Mr. Turner, and I shall not detain you. Do you carry a key to the emergency case in the forward house, the case that contained the axe?"  Like many of the questions, this was disputed hotly.  It was finally allowed, and Turner admitted the key.  Similar cases were carried on all the Turner boats, and he had such a key on his ring.  "Did you ever see the white object that terrified the crew?"  "Never.  Sailors are particularly liable to such hysteria."  "During your delirium, did you ever see such a figure?"  "I do not recall any details of that part of my illness."  "Were you in favor of bringing the bodies back to port?"  "I--yes, certainly."  "Do you recall going on deck the morning after the murders were discovered?"  "Vaguely."  "What were the men doing at that time?"  "I believe--really, I do not like to repeat so often that I was ill that day."  "Have you any recollection of what you said to the men at that time?"  "None."  "Let me refresh your memory from the ship's log."  (Reading.) "'Mr. Turner insisted that the bodies be buried at sea, and, on the crew opposing this, retired to his cabin, announcing that he considered the attitude of the men a mutiny.'"  "I recall being angry at the men--not much else.  My position was rational enough, however.  It was midsummer, and we had a long voyage before us."  "I wish to read something else to you.  The witness Leslie testified to sleeping in the storeroom, at the request of Mrs. Johns". (reading), "'giving as her reason a fear of something going wrong, as there was trouble between Mr. Turner and the captain.'"  Whatever question Mr. Goldstein had been framing, he was not permitted to use this part of the record.  The log was admissible only as a record on the spot, made by a competent person and witnessed by all concerned, of the actual occurrences on the Ella. My record of Mrs. Johns's remark was ruled out; Turner was not on trial.  Turner, pale and shaking, left the stand at two o'clock that day, and I was recalled.  My earlier testimony had merely established the finding of the bodies.  I was now to have a bad two hours.  I was an important witness, probably the most important.  I had heard the scream that had revealed the tragedy, and had been in the main cabin of the after house only a moment or so after the murderer.  I had found the bodies, Vail still living, and had been with the accused mate when he saw the captain prostrate at the foot of the forward companion.  All of this, aided by skillful questions, I told as exactly as possible.  I told of the mate's strange manner on finding the bodies; I related, to a breathless quiet, the placing of the bodies in the jolly-boat; and the reading of the burial service over them; I told of the little boat that followed us, like some avenging spirit, carrying by day a small American flag, union down, and at night a white light. I told of having to increase the length of the towing-line as the heat grew greater, and of a fear I had that the rope would separate, or that the mysterious hand that was the author of the misfortunes would cut the line.  I told of the long nights without sleep, while, with our few available men, we tried to work the Ella back to land; of guarding the after house; of a hundred false alarms that set our nerves quivering and our hearts leaping.  And I made them feel, I think, the horror of a situation where each man suspected his neighbor, feared and loathed him, and yet stayed close by him because a known danger is better than an unknown horror.  The record of my examination is particularly faulty, McWhirter having allowed personal feeling to interfere with accuracy.  Here and there in the margins of his notebook I find unflattering allusions to the prosecuting attorney; and after one question, an impeachment of my motives, to which Mac took violent exception, no answer at all is recorded, and in a furious scrawl is written: "The little whippersnapper!  Leslie could smash him between his thumb and finger!"  I found another curious record--a leaf, torn out of the book, and evidently designed to be sent to me, but failing its destination, was as follows: "For Heaven's sake, don't look at the girl so much! The next instant I was flung heavily to the porch floor. I am not a small man by any means, but under the fury of that onslaught I was a child. It was a porch chair, I think, that knocked me senseless; I know I folded up like a jack-knife, and that was all I did know for a few minutes.  When I came to I was lying where I had fallen, and a candle was burning beside me on the porch floor. It took me a minute to remember, and another minute to realize that I was looking into the barrel of a revolver. It occurred to me that I had never seen a more villainous face than that of the man who held it--which shows my state of mind--and that my position was the reverse of comfortable. Then the man behind the gun spoke.  "What did you do with that bag?" he demanded, and I felt his knee on my chest.  "What bag?" I inquired feebly. My head was jumping, and the candle was a volcanic eruption of sparks and smoke.  "Don't be a fool," the gentleman with the revolver persisted. "If I don't get that bag within five minutes, I'll fill you as full of holes as a cheese."  "I haven't seen any bag," I said stupidly. "What sort of bag?" I heard my own voice, drunk from the shock. "Paper bag, laundry bag--"  "You've hidden it in the house," he said, bringing the revolver a little closer with every word. My senses came back with a jerk and I struggled to free myself.  "Go in and look," I responded. "Let me up from here, and I'll take you in myself."  The man's face was a study in amazement and anger.  "You'll take me in! You!" He got up without changing the menacing position of the gun. "You walk in there--here, carry the candle--and take me to that bag. Quick, do you hear?"  I was too bewildered to struggle. I got up dizzily, but when I tried to stoop for the candle I almost fell on it. My head cleared after a moment, and when I had picked up the candle I had a good chance to look at my assailant. He was staring at me, too. He was a young fellow, well dressed, and haggard beyond belief.  "I don't know anything about a bag," I persisted, "but if you will give me your word there was nothing in it belonging to this house, I will take you in and let you look for it."  The next moment he had lowered the revolver and clutched my arm.  "Who in the devil's name _are_ you?" he asked wildly.  I think the thing dawned on us both at the same moment.  "My name is Knox," I said coolly, feeling for my handkerchief--my head was bleeding from a cut over the ear--"John Knox."  "Knox!" Instead of showing relief; his manner showed greater consternation than ever. He snatched the candle from me and, holding it up, searched my face. "Then--good God--where is my traveling-bag?"  "I have something in my head where you hit me," I said. "Perhaps that is it."  But my sarcasm was lost on him.  "I am Harry Wardrop," he said, "and I have been robbed, Mr. Knox. I was trying to get in the house without waking the family, and when I came back here to the front door, where I had left my valise, it was gone. I thought you were the thief when you came out, and--we've lost all this time. Somebody has followed me and robbed me!"  "What was in the bag?" I asked, stepping to the edge of the porch and looking around, with the help of the candle.  "Valuable papers," he said shortly. He seemed to be dazed and at a loss what to do next. We had both instinctively kept our voices low.  "You are certain you left it here?" I asked. The thing seemed incredible in the quiet and peace of that neighborhood.  "Where you are standing."  Once more I began a desultory search, going down the steps and looking among the cannas that bordered the porch. Something glistened beside the step, and stooping down I discovered a small brown leather traveling-bag, apparently quite new.  "Here it is," I said, not so gracious as I might have been; I had suffered considerably for that traveling-bag. The sight of it restored Wardrop's poise at once. His twitching features relaxed.  "By Jove, I'm glad to see it," he said. "I can't explain, but--tremendous things were depending on that bag, Mr. Knox. I don't know how to apologize to you; I must have nearly brained you."  "You did," I said grimly, and gave him the bag. The moment he took it I knew there was something wrong; he hurried into the house and lighted the library lamp. Then he opened the traveling-bag with shaking fingers. It was empty!  He stood for a moment, staring incredulously into it. Then he hurled it down on the table and turned on me, as I stood beside him.  "It's a trick!" he said furiously. "You've hidden it somewhere. This is not my bag. You've substituted one just like it."  "Don't be a fool," I retorted. "How could I substitute an empty satchel for yours when up to fifteen minutes ago I had never seen you or your grip either? Use a little common sense. Some place to-night you have put down that bag, and some clever thief has substituted a similar one. It's an old trick."  He dropped into a chair and buried his face in his hands.  "It's impossible," he said after a pause, while he seemed to be going over, minute by minute, the events of the night. "I was followed, as far as that goes, in Plattsburg. Two men watched me from the minute I got there, on Tuesday; I changed my hotel, and for all of yesterday--Wednesday, that is--I felt secure enough. But on my way to the train I felt that I was under surveillance again, and by turning quickly I came face to face with one of the men."  "Would you know him?" I asked.  "Yes. I thought he was a detective, you know I've had a lot of that sort of thing lately, with election coming on. He didn't get on the train, however."  "But the other one may have done so."  "Yes, the other one may. The thing I don't understand is this, Mr. Knox. When we drew in at Bellwood Station I distinctly remember opening the bag and putting my newspaper and railroad schedule inside. It was the right bag then; my clothing was in it, and my brushes."  I had been examining the empty bag as he talked.  "Where did you put your railroad schedule?" I asked.  "In the leather pocket at the side."  "It is here," I said, drawing out the yellow folder. For a moment my companion looked almost haunted. He pressed his hands to his head and began to pace the room like a crazy man.  "The whole thing is impossible. I tell you, that valise was heavy when I walked up from the station. I changed it from one hand to the other because of the weight. When I got here I set it down on the edge of the porch and tried the door. When I found it locked--"  "But it wasn't locked," I broke in. "When I came down-stairs to look for a burglar, I found it open at least an inch."  He stopped in his pacing up and down, and looked at me curiously.  "We're both crazy, then," he asserted gravely. "I tell you, I tried every way I knew to unlock that door, and could hear the chain rattling. Unlocked! You don't know the way this house is fastened up at night."  "Nevertheless, it was unlocked when I came down."  We were so engrossed that neither of us had heard steps on the stairs. The sound of a smothered exclamation from the doorway caused us both to turn suddenly. Standing there, in a loose gown of some sort, very much surprised and startled, was Margery Fleming. Wardrop pulled himself together at once. As for me, I knew what sort of figure I cut, my collar stained with blood, a lump on my forehead that felt as big as a door-knob, and no shoes.  "What _is_ the matter?" she asked uncertainly. "I heard such queer noises, and I thought some one had broken into the house."  "Mr. Wardrop was trying to break in," I explained, "and I heard him and came down. On the way I had a bloody encounter with an open door, in which I came out the loser."  I don't think she quite believed me. She looked from my swollen head to the open bag, and then to Wardrop's pale face. Then I think, woman-like, she remembered the two great braids that hung over her shoulders and the dressing-gown she wore, for she backed precipitately into the hall.  "I'm glad that's all it is," she called back cautiously, and we could hear her running up the stairs.  "You'd better go to bed," Wardrop said, picking up his hat. "I'm going down to the station. There's no train out of here between midnight and a flag train at four-thirty A. M. It's not likely to be of any use, but I want to see who goes on that train."  "It is only half past two," I said, glancing at my watch. "We might look around outside first."  The necessity for action made him welcome any suggestion. Reticent as he was, his feverish excitement made me think that something vital hung on the recovery of the contents of that Russia leather bag. We found a lantern somewhere in the back of the house, and together we went over the grounds. It did not take long, and we found nothing.  As I look back on that night, the key to what had passed and to much that was coming was so simple, so direct--and yet we missed it entirely. Nor, when bigger things developed, and Hunter's trained senses were brought into play, did he do much better. It was some time before we learned the true inwardness of the events of that night.  At five o'clock in the morning Wardrop came back exhausted and nerveless. No one had taken the four-thirty; the contents of the bag were gone, probably beyond recall. I put my dented candlestick back on the mantel, and prepared for a little sleep, blessing the deafness of old age which had enabled the Maitland ladies to sleep through it all. I tried to forget the queer events of the night, but the throbbing of my head kept me awake, and through it all one question obtruded itself--who had unlocked the front door and left it open?      I was almost unrecognizable when I looked at myself in the mirror the next morning, preparatory to dressing for breakfast. My nose boasted a new arch, like the back of an angry cat, making my profile Roman and ferocious, and the lump on my forehead from the chair was swollen, glassy and purple. I turned my back to the mirror and dressed in wrathful irritation and my yesterday's linen.  Miss Fleming was in the breakfast-room when I got down, standing at a window, her back to me. I have carried with me, during all the months since that time, a mental picture of her as she stood there, in a pink morning frock of some sort. But only the other day, having mentioned this to her, she assured me that the frock was blue, that she didn't have a pink garment at the time this story opens and that if she did she positively didn't have it on. And having thus flouted my eye for color, she maintains that she did _not_ have her back to me, for she distinctly saw my newly-raised bridge as I came down the stairs. So I amend this. Miss Fleming in a blue frock was facing the door when I went into the breakfast-room. Of one thing I am certain. She came forward and held out her hand.  "Good morning," she said. "What a terrible face!"  "It isn't mine," I replied meekly. "My own face is beneath these excrescences. I tried to cover the bump on my forehead with French chalk, but it only accentuated the thing, like snow on a mountain top."  "'The purple peaks of Darien,'" she quoted, pouring me my coffee. "Do you know, I feel so much better since you have taken hold of things. Aunt Letitia thinks you are wonderful."  I thought ruefully of the failure of my first attempt to play the sleuth, and I disclaimed any right to Miss Letitia's high opinion of me. From my dogging the watchman to the police station, to Delia and her note, was a short mental step.  "Before any one comes down, Miss Fleming," I said, "I want to ask a question or two. What was the name of the maid who helped you search the house that night?"  "Annie."  "What other maids did you say there were?"  "Delia and Rose."  "Do you know anything about them? Where they came from, or where they went?"  She smiled a little.  "What does one know about new servants?" she responded. "They bring you references, but references are the price most women pay to get rid of their servants without a fuss. Rose was fat and old, but Delia was pretty. I thought she rather liked Carter."  Carter as well as Shields, the policeman. I put Miss Delia down as a flirt.  "And you have no idea where Carter went?"  "None."  Wardrop came in then, and we spoke of other things. The two elderly ladies it seemed had tea and toast in their rooms when they wakened, and the three of us breakfasted together. But conversation languished with Wardrop's appearance; he looked haggard and worn, avoided Miss Fleming's eyes, and after ordering eggs instead of his chop, looked at his watch and left without touching anything.  "I want to get the nine-thirty, Margie," he said, coming back with his hat in his hand. "I may not be out to dinner. Tell Miss Letitia, will you?" He turned to go, but on second thought came back to me and held out his hand.  "I may not see you again," he began.  "Not if I see you first," I interrupted. He glanced at my mutilated features and smiled.  "I have made you a Maitland," he said. "I didn't think that anything but a prodigal Nature could duplicate Miss Letitia's nose! I'm honestly sorry, Mr. Knox, and if you do not want Miss Jane at that bump with a cold silver knife and some butter, you'd better duck before she comes down. Good-by, Margie."  I think the girl was as much baffled as I was by the change in his manner when he spoke to her. His smile faded and he hardly met her eyes: I thought that his aloofness puzzled rather than hurt her. When the house door had closed behind him, she dropped her chin in her hand and looked across the table.  "You did not tell me the truth last night, Mr. Knox," she said. "I have never seen Harry look like that. Something has happened to him."  "He was robbed of his traveling-bag," I explained, on Fred's theory that half a truth is better than a poor lie. "It's a humiliating experience, I believe. A man will throw away thousands, or gamble them away, with more equanimity than he'll see some one making off with his hair brushes or his clean collars."  "His traveling-bag!" she repeated scornfully. "Mr. Knox, something has happened to my father, and you and Harry are hiding it from me."  "On my honor, it is nothing of the sort," I hastened to assure her. "I saw him for only a few minutes, just long enough for him to wreck my appearance."  "He did not speak of father?"  "No."  She got up and crossing to the wooden mantel, put her arms upon it and leaned her head against them. "I wanted to ask him," she said drearily, "but I am afraid to. Suppose he doesn't know and I should tell him! He would go to Mr. Schwartz at once, and Mr. Schwartz is treacherous. The papers would get it, too."  Her eyes filled with tears, and I felt as awkward as a man always does when a woman begins to cry. If he knows her well enough he can go over and pat her on the shoulder and assure her it is going to be all right. If he does not know her, and there are two maiden aunts likely to come in at any minute, he sits still, as I did, and waits until the storm clears.  Miss Margery was not long in emerging from her handkerchief.  "I didn't sleep much," she explained, dabbing at her eyes, "and I am nervous, anyhow. Mr. Knox, are you sure it was only Harry trying to get into the house last night?"  "Only Harry," I repeated. "If Mr. Wardrop's attempt to get into the house leaves me in this condition, what would a real burglar have done to me!"  She was too intent to be sympathetic over my disfigured face.  "There was some one moving about up-stairs not long before I came down," she said slowly.  "You heard me; I almost fell down the stairs."  "Did you brush past my door, and strike the knob?" she demanded.  "No, I was not near any door."  "Very well," triumphantly. "Some one did. Not only that, but they were in the store-room on the floor above. I could hear one person and perhaps two, going from one side of the room to the other and back again."  "You heard a goblin quadrille. First couple forward and back," I said facetiously.  "I heard real footsteps--unmistakable ones. The maids sleep back on the second floor, and--don't tell me it was rats. There are no rats in my Aunt Letitia's house."  I was more impressed than I cared to show. I found I had a half hour before train time, and as we were neither of us eating anything, I suggested that we explore the upper floor of the house. I did it, I explained, not because I expected to find anything, but because I was sure we would not.  We crept past the two closed doors behind which the ladies Maitland were presumably taking out their crimps and taking in their tea. Then up a narrow, obtrusively clean stairway to the upper floor.  It was an old-fashioned, sloping-roofed attic, with narrow windows and a bare floor. At one end a door opened into a large room, and in there were the family trunks of four generations of Maitlands. One on another they were all piled there--little hair trunks, squab-topped trunks, huge Saratogas--of the period when the two maiden ladies were in their late teens--and there were handsome, modern trunks, too. For Miss Fleming's satisfaction I made an examination of the room, but it showed nothing. There was little or no dust to have been disturbed; the windows were closed and locked.  In the main attic were two step-ladders, some curtains drying on frames and an old chest of drawers with glass knobs and the veneering broken in places. One of the drawers stood open, and inside could be seen a red and white patchwork quilt, and a grayish thing that looked like flannel and smelled to heaven of camphor. We gave up finally, and started down.  Part way down the attic stairs Margery stopped, her eyes fixed on the white-scrubbed rail. Following her gaze, I stopped, too, and I felt a sort of chill go over me. No spot or blemish, no dirty finger print marked the whiteness of that stair rail, except in one place. On it, clear and distinct, every line of the palm showing, was the reddish imprint of a hand!  Margery did not speak; she had turned very white, and closed her eyes, but she was not faint. When the first revulsion had passed, I reached over and touched the stain. It was quite dry, of course, but it was still reddish-brown; another hour or two would see it black. It was evidently fresh--Hunter said afterward it must have been about six hours old, and as things transpired, he was right. The stain showed a hand somewhat short and broad, with widened finger-tips; marked in ink, it would not have struck me so forcibly, perhaps, but there, its ugly red against the white wood, it seemed to me to be the imprint of a brutal, murderous hand. "I think not.  If he had seen him he would have spoken of it."  "Thank you.  That is all.  Miss Gertrude Innes."  Gertrude's replies were fully as concise as Halsey's.  Mrs. Fitzhugh subjected her to a close inspection, commencing with her hat and ending with her shoes.  I flatter myself she found nothing wrong with either her gown or her manner, but poor Gertrude's testimony was the reverse of comforting.  She had been summoned, she said, by her brother, after Mr. Armstrong had gone.  She had waited in the billiard-room with Mr. Bailey, until the automobile had been ready.  Then she had locked the door at the foot of the staircase, and, taking a lamp, had accompanied Mr. Bailey to the main entrance of the house, and had watched him cross the lawn. Instead of going at once to her room, she had gone back to the billiard-room for something which had been left there.  The card-room and billiard-room were in darkness.  She had groped around, found the article she was looking for, and was on the point of returning to her room, when she had heard some one fumbling at the lock at the east outer door.  She had thought it was probably her brother, and had been about to go to the door, when she heard it open.  Almost immediately there was a shot, and she had run panic-stricken through the drawing-room and had roused the house.  "You heard no other sound?" the coroner asked.  "There was no one with Mr. Armstrong when he entered?"  "It was perfectly dark.  There were no voices and I heard nothing. There was just the opening of the door, the shot, and the sound of somebody falling."  "Then, while you went through the drawing-room and up-stairs to alarm the household, the criminal, whoever it was, could have escaped by the east door?"  "Yes."  "Thank you.  That will do."  I flatter myself that the coroner got little enough out of me.  I saw Mr. Jamieson smiling to himself, and the coroner gave me up, after a time.  I admitted I had found the body, said I had not known who it was until Mr. Jarvis told me, and ended by looking up at Barbara Fitzhugh and saying that in renting the house I had not expected to be involved in any family scandal.  At which she turned purple.  The verdict was that Arnold Armstrong had met his death at the hands of a person or persons unknown, and we all prepared to leave.  Barbara Fitzhugh flounced out without waiting to speak to me, but Mr. Harton came up, as I knew he would.  "You have decided to give up the house, I hope, Miss Innes," he said. "Mrs. Armstrong has wired me again."  "I am not going to give it up," I maintained, "until I understand some things that are puzzling me.  The day that the murderer is discovered, I will leave."  "Then, judging by what I have heard, you will be back in the city very soon," he said.  And I knew that he suspected the discredited cashier of the Traders' Bank.  Mr. Jamieson came up to me as I was about to leave the coroner's office.  "How is your patient?" he asked with his odd little smile.  "I have no patient," I replied, startled.  "I will put it in a different way, then.  How is Miss Armstrong?"  "She--she is doing very well," I stammered.  "Good," cheerfully.  "And our ghost?  Is it laid?"  "Mr. Jamieson," I said suddenly, "I wish you would do one thing: I wish you would come to Sunnyside and spend a few days there. The ghost is not laid.  I want you to spend one night at least watching the circular staircase.  The murder of Arnold Armstrong was a beginning, not an end."  He looked serious.  "Perhaps I can do it," he said.  "I have been doing something else, but--well, I will come out to-night."  We were very silent during the trip back to Sunnyside.  I watched Gertrude closely and somewhat sadly.  To me there was one glaring flaw in her story, and it seemed to stand out for every one to see.  Arnold Armstrong had had no key, and yet she said she had locked the east door.  He must have been admitted from within the house; over and over I repeated it to myself.  That night, as gently as I could, I told Louise the story of her stepbrother's death.  She sat in her big, pillow-filled chair, and heard me through without interruption.  It was clear that she was shocked beyond words: if I had hoped to learn anything from her expression, I had failed.  She was as much in the dark as we were.     My taking the detective out to Sunnyside raised an unexpected storm of protest from Gertrude and Halsey.  I was not prepared for it, and I scarcely knew how to account for it.  To me Mr. Jamieson was far less formidable under my eyes where I knew what he was doing, than he was of in the city, twisting circumstances and motives to suit himself and learning what he wished to know, about events at Sunnyside, in some occult way.  I was glad enough to have him there, when excitements began to come thick and fast.  A new element was about to enter into affairs: Monday, or Tuesday at the latest, would find Doctor Walker back in his green and white house in the village, and Louise's attitude to him in the immediate future would signify Halsey's happiness or wretchedness, as it might turn out. Then, too, the return of her mother would mean, of course, that she would have to leave us, and I had become greatly attached to her.  From the day Mr. Jamieson came to Sunnyside there was a subtle change in Gertrude's manner to me.  It was elusive, difficult to analyze, but it was there.  She was no longer frank with me, although I think her affection never wavered.  At the time I laid the change to the fact that I had forbidden all communication with John Bailey, and had refused to acknowledge any engagement between the two.  Gertrude spent much of her time wandering through the grounds, or taking long cross-country walks.  Halsey played golf at the Country Club day after day, and after Louise left, as she did the following week, Mr. Jamieson and I were much together.  He played a fair game of cribbage, but he cheated at solitaire.  The night the detective arrived, Saturday, I had a talk with him.  I told him of the experience Louise Armstrong had had the night before, on the circular staircase, and about the man who had so frightened Rosie on the drive.  I saw that he thought the information was important, and to my suggestion that we put an additional lock on the east wing door he opposed a strong negative.  "I think it probable," he said, "that our visitor will be back again, and the thing to do is to leave things exactly as they are, to avoid rousing suspicion.  Then I can watch for at least a part of each night and probably Mr. Innes will help us out.  I would say as little to Thomas as possible.  The old man knows more than he is willing to admit."  I suggested that Alex, the gardener, would probably be willing to help, and Mr. Jamieson undertook to make the arrangement.  For one night, however, Mr. Jamieson preferred to watch alone. Apparently nothing occurred.  The detective sat in absolute darkness on the lower step of the stairs, dozing, he said afterwards, now and then.  Nothing could pass him in either direction, and the door in the morning remained as securely fastened as it had been the night before.  And yet one of the most inexplicable occurrences of the whole affair took place that very night.  Liddy came to my room on Sunday morning with a face as long as the moral law.  She laid out my things as usual, but I missed her customary garrulousness.  I was not regaled with the new cook's extravagance as to eggs, and she even forbore to mention "that Jamieson," on whose arrival she had looked with silent disfavor.  "What's the matter, Liddy?" I asked at last.  "Didn't you sleep last night?"  "No, ma'm," she said stiffly.  "Did you have two cups of coffee at your dinner?" I inquired.  "No, ma'm," indignantly.  I sat up and almost upset my hot water--I always take a cup of hot water with a pinch of salt, before I get up.  It tones the stomach.  "Liddy Allen," I said, "stop combing that switch and tell me what is wrong with you."  Liddy heaved a sigh.  "Girl and woman," she said, "I've been with you twenty-five years, Miss Rachel, through good temper and bad--" the idea! and what I have taken from her in the way of sulks!--"but I guess I can't stand it any longer.  My trunk's packed."  "Who packed it?" I asked, expecting from her tone to be told she had wakened to find it done by some ghostly hand.  "I did; Miss Rachel, you won't believe me when I tell you this house is haunted.  Who was it fell down the clothes chute? Who was it scared Miss Louise almost into her grave?"  "I'm doing my best to find out," I said.  "What in the world are you driving at?"  She drew a long breath.  "There is a hole in the trunk-room wall, dug out since last night. It's big enough to put your head in, and the plaster's all over the place."  "Nonsense!" I said.  "Plaster is always falling."  But Liddy clenched that.  "Just ask Alex," she said.  "When he put the new cook's trunk there last night the wall was as smooth as this.  This morning it's dug out, and there's plaster on the cook's trunk.  Miss Rachel, you can get a dozen detectives and put one on every stair in the house, and you'll never catch anything.  There's some things you can't handcuff."  Liddy was right.  As soon as I could, I went up to the trunk-room, which was directly over my bedroom.  The plan of the upper story of the house was like that of the second floor, in the main.  One end, however, over the east wing, had been left only roughly finished, the intention having been to convert it into a ball-room at some future time.  The maids' rooms, trunk-room, and various store-rooms, including a large airy linen-room, opened from a long corridor, like that on the second floor.  And in the trunk-room, as Liddy had said, was a fresh break in the plaster.  Not only in the plaster, but through the lathing, the aperture extended.  I reached into the opening, and three feet away, perhaps, I could touch the bricks of the partition wall.  For some reason, the architect, in building the house, had left a space there that struck me, even in the surprise of the discovery, as an excellent place for a conflagration to gain headway.  "You are sure the hole was not here yesterday?" I asked Liddy, whose expression was a mixture of satisfaction and alarm.  In answer she pointed to the new cook's trunk--that necessary adjunct of the migratory domestic.  The top was covered with fine white plaster, as was the floor.  But there were no large pieces of mortar lying around--no bits of lathing.  When I mentioned this to Liddy she merely raised her eyebrows.  Being quite confident that the gap was of unholy origin, she did not concern herself with such trifles as a bit of mortar and lath.  No doubt they were even then heaped neatly on a gravestone in the Casanova churchyard!  I brought Mr. Jamieson up to see the hole in the wall, directly after breakfast.  His expression was very odd when he looked at it, and the first thing he did was to try to discover what object, if any, such a hole could have.  He got a piece of candle, and by enlarging the aperture a little was able to examine what lay beyond.  The result was nil.  The trunk-room, although heated by steam heat, like the rest of the house, boasted of a fireplace and mantel as well.  The opening had been made between the flue and the outer wall of the house.  There was revealed, however, on inspection, only the brick of the chimney on one side and the outer wall of the house on the other; in depth the space extended only to the flooring.  The breach had been made about four feet from the floor, and inside were all the missing bits of plaster. It had been a methodical ghost.  It was very much of a disappointment.  I had expected a secret room, at the very least, and I think even Mr. Jamieson had fancied he might at last have a clue to the mystery.  There was evidently nothing more to be discovered: Liddy reported that everything was serene among the servants, and that none of them had been disturbed by the noise.  The maddening thing, however, was that the nightly visitor had evidently more than one way of gaining access to the house, and we made arrangements to redouble our vigilance as to windows and doors that night.  Halsey was inclined to pooh-pooh the whole affair.  He said a break in the plaster might have occurred months ago and gone unnoticed, and that the dust had probably been stirred up the day before.  After all, we had to let it go at that, but we put in an uncomfortable Sunday. Gertrude went to church, and Halsey took a long walk in the morning. Louise was able to sit up, and she allowed Halsey and Liddy to assist her down-stairs late in the afternoon.  The east veranda was shady, green with vines and palms, cheerful with cushions and lounging chairs. We put Louise in a steamer chair, and she sat there passively enough, her hands clasped in her lap.  We were very silent.  Halsey sat on the rail with a pipe, openly watching Louise, as she looked broodingly across the valley to the hills.  There was something baffling in the girl's eyes; and gradually Halsey's boyish features lost their glow at seeing her about again, and settled into grim lines.  He was like his father just then.  We sat until late afternoon, Halsey growing more and more moody. Shortly before six, he got up and went into the house, and in a few minutes he came out and called me to the telephone.  It was Anna Whitcomb, in town, and she kept me for twenty minutes, telling me the children had had the measles, and how Madame Sweeny had botched her new gown.  When I finished, Liddy was behind me, her mouth a thin line.  "I wish you would try to look cheerful, Liddy," I groaned, "your face would sour milk."  But Liddy seldom replied to my gibes. She folded her lips a little tighter.  "He called her up," she said oracularly, "he called her up, and asked her to keep you at the telephone, so he could talk to Miss Louise. A THANKLESS CHILD IS SHARPER THAN A SERPENT'S TOOTH."  "Nonsense!" I said bruskly.  "I might have known enough to leave them. It's a long time since you and I were in love, Liddy, and--we forget."  Liddy sniffed.  "No man ever made a fool of me," she replied virtuously.  "Well, something did," I retorted.    "Mr. Jamieson," I said, when we found ourselves alone after dinner that night, "the inquest yesterday seemed to me the merest recapitulation of things that were already known.  It developed nothing new beyond the story of Doctor Stewart's, and that was volunteered."  "An inquest is only a necessary formality, Miss Innes," he replied. "Unless a crime is committed in the open, the inquest does nothing beyond getting evidence from witnesses while events are still in their minds.  The police step in later.  You and I both know how many important things never transpired.  For instance: the dead man had no key, and yet Miss Gertrude testified to a fumbling at the lock, and then the opening of the door.  The piece of evidence you mention, Doctor Stewart's story, is one of those things we have to take cautiously: the doctor has a patient who wears black and does not raise her veil. Why, it is the typical mysterious lady!  Then the good doctor comes across Arnold Armstrong, who was a graceless scamp--de mortuis--what's the rest of it?--and he is quarreling with a lady in black.  Behold, says the doctor, they are one and the same."  "Why was Mr. Bailey not present at the inquest?"  The detective's expression was peculiar.  "Because his physician testified that he is ill, and unable to leave his bed."  "Ill!" I exclaimed.  "Why, neither Halsey nor Gertrude has told me that."  "There are more things than that, Miss Innes, that are puzzling. Bailey gives the impression that he knew nothing of the crash at the bank until he read it in the paper Monday night, and that he went back and surrendered himself immediately.  I do not believe it.  Jonas, the watchman at the Traders' Bank, tells a different story.  He says that on the Thursday night before, about eight-thirty, Bailey went back to the bank.  Jonas admitted him, and he says the cashier was in a state almost of collapse.  Bailey worked until midnight, then he closed the vault and went away. The occurrence was so unusual that the watchman pondered over it an the rest of the night.  What did Bailey do when he went back to the Knickerbocker apartments that night?  He packed a suit-case ready for instant departure.  But he held off too long; he waited for something.  My personal opinion is that he waited to see Miss Gertrude before flying from the country. Then, when he had shot down Arnold Armstrong that night, he had to choose between two evils. He did the thing that would immediately turn public opinion in his favor, and surrendered himself, as an innocent man.  The strongest thing against him is his preparation for flight, and his deciding to come back after the murder of Arnold Armstrong.  He was shrewd enough to disarm suspicion as to the graver charge?"  The evening dragged along slowly.  Mrs. Watson came to my bedroom before I went to bed and asked if I had any arnica.  She showed me a badly swollen hand, with reddish streaks running toward the elbow; she said it was the hand she had hurt the night of the murder a week before, and that she had not slept well since.  It looked to me as if it might be serious, and I told her to let Doctor Stewart see it.  The next morning Mrs. Watson went up to town on the eleven train, and was admitted to the Charity Hospital.  She was suffering from blood-poisoning.  I fully meant to go up and see her there, but other things drove her entirely from my mind.  I telephoned to the hospital that day, however, and ordered a private room for her, and whatever comforts she might be allowed.  Mrs. Armstrong arrived Monday evening with her husband's body, and the services were set for the next day.  The house on Chestnut Street, in town, had been opened, and Tuesday morning Louise left us to go home. She sent for me before she went, and I saw she had been crying.  "How can I thank you, Miss Innes?" she said.  "You have taken me on faith, and--you have not asked me any questions.  Some time, perhaps, I can tell you; and when that time comes, you will all despise me,--Halsey, too."  I tried to tell her how glad I was to have had her but there was something else she wanted to say.  She said it finally, when she had bade a constrained good-by to Halsey and the car was waiting at the door.  "Miss Innes," she said in a low tone, "if they--if there is any attempt made to--to have you give up the house, do it, if you possibly can.  I am afraid--to have you stay."  That was all.  Gertrude went into town with her and saw her safely home.  She reported a decided coolness in the greeting between Louise and her mother, and that Doctor Walker was there, apparently in charge of the arrangements for the funeral.  Halsey disappeared shortly after Louise left and came home about nine that night, muddy and tired.  As for Thomas, he went around dejected and sad, and I saw the detective watching him closely at dinner. The postmaster proved to be a one-armed veteran of the Civil War, and he was sorting rapidly the contents of a mail-bag, emptied on the counter.  "No delivery to-night," he said shortly. "Sunday delivery, two to three."  "I suppose, then, I couldn't get a dollar's worth of stamps," I regretted.  He looked up over his glasses.  "We don't sell stamps on Sunday nights," he explained, more politely. "But if you're in a hurry for them--"  "I am," I lied. And after he had got them out, counting them with a wrinkled finger, and tearing them off the sheet with the deliberation of age, I opened a general conversation.  "I suppose you do a good bit of business here?" I asked. "It seems like a thriving place."  "Not so bad; big mail here sometimes. First of the quarter, when bills are coming round, we have a rush, and holidays and Easter we've got to hire an express wagon."  It was when I asked him about his empty sleeve, however, and he had told me that he lost his arm at Chancellorsville, that we became really friendly When he said he had been a corporal in General Maitland's command, my path was one of ease.  "The Maitland ladies! I should say I do," he said warmly. "I've been fighting with Letitia Maitland as long as I can remember. That woman will scrap with the angel Gabriel at the resurrection, if he wakes her up before she's had her sleep out."  "Miss Jane is not that sort, is she?"  "Miss Jane? She's an angel--she is that. She could have been married a dozen times when she was a girl, but Letitia wouldn't have it. I was after her myself, forty-five years ago. This was the Maitland farm in those days, and my father kept a country store down where the railroad station is now."  "I suppose from that the Maitland ladies are wealthy."  "Wealthy! They don't know what they're worth--not that it matters a mite to Jane Maitland. She hasn't called her soul her own for so long that I guess the good Lord won't hold her responsible for it."  All of which was entertaining, but it was much like an old-fashioned see-saw; it kept going, but it didn't make much progress. But now at last we took a step ahead.  "It's a shameful thing," the old man pursued, "that a woman as old as Jane should have to get her letters surreptitiously. For more than a year now she's been coming here twice a week for her mail, and I've been keeping it for her. Rain or shine, Mondays and Thursdays, she's been coming, and a sight of letters she's been getting, too."  "Did she come last Thursday?" I asked over-eagerly. The postmaster, all at once, regarded me with suspicion.  "I don't know whether she did or not," he said coldly, and my further attempts to beguile him into conversation failed. I pocketed my stamps, and by that time his resentment at my curiosity was fading. He followed me to the door, and lowered his voice cautiously.  "Any news of the old lady?" he asked. "It ain't generally known around here that she's missing, but Heppie, the cook there, is a relation of my wife's."  "We have no news," I replied, "and don't let it get around, will you?"  He promised gravely.  "I was tellin' the missus the other day," he said, "that there is an old walled-up cellar under the Maitland place. Have you looked there?" He was disappointed when I said we had, and I was about to go when he called me back.  "Miss Jane didn't get her mail on Thursday, but on Friday that niece of hers came for it--two letters, one from the city and one from New York."  "Thanks," I returned, and went out into the quiet street.  I walked past the Maitland place, but the windows were dark and the house closed. Haphazard inquiry being out of the question, I took the ten o'clock train back to the city. I had learned little enough, and that little I was at a loss to know how to use. For why had Margery gone for Miss Jane's mail _after_ the little lady was missing? And why did Miss Jane carry on a clandestine correspondence?  The family had retired when I got home except Fred, who called from his study to ask for a rhyme for mosque. I could not think of one and suggested that he change the word to "temple." At two o'clock he banged on my door in a temper, said he had changed the rhythm to fit, and now couldn't find a rhyme for "temple!" I suggested "dimple" drowsily, whereat he kicked the panel of the door and went to bed.      The funeral occurred on Monday. It was an ostentatious affair, with a long list of honorary pall-bearers, a picked corps of city firemen in uniform ranged around the casket, and enough money wasted in floral pillows and sheaves of wheat tied with purple ribbon, to have given all the hungry children in town a square meal.  Amid all this state Margery moved, stricken and isolated. She went to the cemetery with Edith, Miss Letitia having sent a message that, having never broken her neck to see the man living, she wasn't going to do it to see him dead. The music was very fine, and the eulogy spoke of this patriot who had served his country so long and so well. "Following the flag," Fred commented under his breath, "as long as there was an appropriation attached to it."  And when it was all over, we went back to Fred's until the Fleming house could be put into order again. It was the best place in the world for Margery, for, with the children demanding her attention and applause every minute, she had no time to be blue.  Mrs. Butler arrived that day, which made Fred suspicious that Edith's plan to bring her, far antedated his consent. But she was there when we got home from the funeral, and after one glimpse at her thin face and hollow eyes, I begged Edith to keep her away from Margery, for that day at least.  Fortunately, Mrs. Butler was exhausted by her journey, and retired to her room almost immediately. I watched her slender figure go up the stairs, and, with her black trailing gown and colorless face, she was an embodiment of all that is lonely and helpless. Fred closed the door behind her and stood looking at Edith and me.  "I tell you, honey," he declared, "_that_ brought into a cheerful home is sufficient cause for divorce. Isn't it, Jack?"  "She is ill," Edith maintained valiantly. "She is my cousin, too, which gives her some claim on me, and my guest, which gives her more."  "Lady-love," Fred said solemnly, "if you do not give me the key to the cellarette, I shall have a chill. And let me beg this of you: if I ever get tired of this life, and shuffle off my mortality in a lumber yard, or a political club, and you go around like that, I shall haunt you. I swear it."  "Shuffle off," I dared him. "I will see that Edith is cheerful and happy."  From somewhere above, there came a sudden crash, followed by the announcement, made by a scared housemaid, that Mrs. Butler had fainted. Fred sniffed as Edith scurried up-stairs.  "Hipped," he said shortly. "For two cents I'd go up and give her a good whiff of ammonia--not this aromatic stuff, but the genuine article. That would make her sit up and take notice. Upon my word, I can't think what possessed Edith; these spineless, soft-spoken, timid women are leeches on one's sympathies."  But Mrs. Butler was really ill, and Margery insisted on looking after her. It was an odd coincidence, the widow of one state treasurer and the orphaned daughter of his successor; both men had died violent deaths, in each case when a boiling under the political lid had threatened to blow it off.  The boys were allowed to have their dinner with the family that evening, in honor of Mrs. Butler's arrival, and it was a riotous meal. Margery got back a little of her color. As I sat across from her, and watched her expressions change, from sadness to resignation, and even gradually to amusement at the boys' antics, I wondered just how much she knew, or suspected, that she refused to tell me.  I remembered a woman--a client of mine--who said that whenever she sat near a railroad track and watched an engine thundering toward her, she tortured herself by picturing a child on the track, and wondering whether, under such circumstances, she would risk her life to save the child.  I felt a good bit that way; I was firmly embarked on the case now, and I tortured myself with one idea. Suppose I should find Wardrop guilty, and I should find extenuating circumstances--what would I do? Publish the truth, see him hanged or imprisoned, and break Margery's heart? Or keep back the truth, let her marry him, and try to forget that I had had a hand in the whole wretched business?  After all, I decided to try to stop my imaginary train. Prove Wardrop innocent, I reasoned with myself, get to the bottom of this thing, and then--it would be man and man. A fair field and no favor. I suppose my proper attitude, romantically taken, was to consider Margery's engagement ring an indissoluble barrier. But this was not romance; I was fighting for my life happiness, and as to the ring--well, I am of the opinion that if a man really loves a woman, and thinks he can make her happy, he will tell her so if she is strung with engagement rings to the ends of her fingers. Dangerous doctrine? Well, this is not propaganda.  Tuesday found us all more normal. Mrs. Butler had slept some, and very commendably allowed herself to be tea'd and toasted in bed. The boys were started to kindergarten, after ten minutes of frenzied cap-hunting. Margery went with me along the hall when I started for the office.  "You have not learned anything?" she asked cautiously, glancing back to Edith, at the telephone calling the grocer frantically for the Monday morning supply of soap and starch.  "Not much," I evaded. "Nothing definite, anyhow. Margery, you are not going back to the Monmouth Avenue house again, are you?"  "Not just yet; I don't think I could. I suppose, later, it will have to be sold, but not at once. I shall go to Aunt Letitia's first."  "Very well," I said. "Then you are going to take a walk with me this afternoon in the park. I won't take no; you need the exercise, and I need--to talk to you," I finished lamely.  When she had agreed I went to the office. It was not much after nine, but, to my surprise, Burton was already there. He had struck up an acquaintance with Miss Grant, the stenographer, and that usually frigid person had melted under the warmth of his red hair and his smile. She was telling him about her sister's baby having the whooping-cough, when I went in.  "I wish I had studied law," he threw at me. "'What shall it profit a man to become a lawyer and lose his own soul?' as the psalmist says. I like this ten-to-four business."  When we had gone into the inner office, and shut out Miss Grant and the whooping-cough, he was serious instantly.  "Well," he said, sitting on the radiator and dangling his foot, "I guess we've got Wardrop for theft, anyhow."  "Theft?" I inquired.  "Well, larceny, if you prefer legal terms. I found where he sold the pearls--in Plattsburg, to a wholesale jeweler named, suggestively, Cashdollar."  "Then," I said conclusively, "if he took the pearls and sold them, as sure as I sit here, he took the money out of that Russia leather bag."  Burton swung his foot rhythmically against the pipes.  "I'm not so darned sure of it," he said calmly.  If he had any reason, he refused to give it. I told him, in my turn, of Carter's escape, aided by the police, and he smiled. "For a suicide it's causing a lot of excitement," he remarked. When I told him the little incident of the post-office, he was much interested.  "The old lady's in it, somehow," he maintained. "She may have been lending Fleming money, for one thing. How do you know it wasn't her hundred thousand that was stolen?"  "I don't think she ever had the uncontrolled disposal of a dollar in her life."  "There's only one thing to do," Burton said finally, "and that is, find Miss Jane. If she's alive, she can tell something. I'll stake my fountain pen on that--and it's my dearest possession on earth, next to my mother. If Miss Jane is dead--well, somebody killed her, and it's time it was being found out."  "It's easy enough to say find her."  "It's easy enough to find her," he exploded. "Make a noise about it; send up rockets. Put a half-column ad in every paper in town, or--better still--give the story to the reporters and let them find her for you. I'd do it, if I wasn't tied up with this Fleming case. Describe her, how she walked, what she liked to eat, what she wore--in this case what she didn't wear. Lord, I wish I had that assignment! In forty-eight hours she will have been seen in a hundred different places, and one of them will be right. It will be a question of selection--that is, if she is alive."  In spite of his airy tone, I knew he was serious, and I felt he was right. The publicity part of it I left to him, and I sent a special delivery that morning to Bellwood, asking Miss Letitia to say nothing and to refer reporters to me. I had already been besieged with them, since my connection with the Fleming case, and a few more made no difference.  Burton attended to the matter thoroughly. The one o'clock edition of an afternoon paper contained a short and vivid scarlet account of Miss Jane's disappearance. The evening editions were full, and while vague as to the manner of her leaving, were minute as regarded her personal appearance and characteristics.  To escape the threatened inundation of the morning paper men, I left the office early, and at four o'clock Margery and I stepped from a hill car into the park. She had been wearing a short, crepe-edged veil, but once away from the gaze of the curious, she took it off. I was glad to see she had lost the air of detachment she had worn for the last three days.  "Hold your shoulders well back," I directed, when we had found an isolated path, "and take long breaths. Try breathing in while I count ten."  She was very tractable--unusually so, I imagined, for her. We swung along together for almost a half-hour, hardly talking. I was content merely to be with her, and the sheer joy of the exercise after her enforced confinement kept her silent. When she began to flag a little I found a bench, and we sat down together. The bench had been lately painted, and although it seemed dry enough, I spread my handkerchief for her to sit on. Whereupon she called me "Sir Walter," and at the familiar jest we laughed like a pair of children.  I had made the stipulation that, for this one time, her father's death and her other troubles should be taboo, and we adhered to it religiously. A robin in the path was industriously digging out a worm; he had tackled a long one, and it was all he could manage. He took the available end in his beak and hopped back with the expression of one who sets his jaws and determines that this which should be, is to be. The worm stretched into a pinkish and attenuated line, but it neither broke nor gave.  "Horrid thing!" Margery said. "That is a disgraceful, heartless exhibition."  "The robin is a parent," I reminded her. "It is precisely the same as Fred, who twists, jerks, distorts and attenuates the English language in his magazine work, in order to have bread and ice-cream and jelly cake for his two blooming youngsters."  She had taken off her gloves, and sat with her hands loosely clasped in her lap.  "I wish some one depended on me," she said pensively. "It's a terrible thing to feel that it doesn't matter to any one--not vitally, anyhow--whether one is around or not. To have all my responsibilities taken away at once, and just to drift around, like this--oh, it's dreadful."  "You were going to be good," I reminded her.  "I didn't promise to be cheerful," she returned. "Besides my father, there was only one person in the world who cared about me, and I don't know where she is. Dear Aunt Jane!"  The sunlight caught the ring on her engagement finger, and she flushed suddenly as she saw me looking at it. We sat there for a while saying nothing; the long May afternoon was coming to a close. The paths began to fill with long lines of hurrying home-seekers, their day in office or factory at an end.  Margery got up at last and buttoned her coat. Then impulsively she held out her hand to me.  "You have been more than kind to me," she said hurriedly. "You have taken me into your home--and helped me through these dreadful days--and I will never forget it; never."  "I am not virtuous," I replied, looking down at her. "I couldn't help it. You walked into my life when you came to my office--was it only last week? The evil days are coming, I suppose, but just now nothing matters at all, save that you are you, and I am I."  She dropped her veil quickly, and we went back to the car. The prosaic world wrapped us around again; there was a heavy odor of restaurant coffee in the air; people bumped and jolted past us. To me they were only shadows; the real world was a girl in black and myself, and the girl wore a betrothal ring which was not mine.      Mrs. Butler came down to dinner that night. She was more cheerful than I had yet seen her, and she had changed her mournful garments to something a trifle less depressing. With her masses of fair hair dressed high, and her face slightly animated, I realized what I had not done before--that she was the wreck of a very beautiful woman. Frail as she was, almost shrinkingly timid in her manner, there were times when she drew up her tall figure in something like its former stateliness. She had beautiful eyebrows, nearly black and perfectly penciled; they were almost incongruous in her colorless face.  She was very weak; she used a cane when she walked, and after dinner, in the library, she was content to sit impassive, detached, propped with cushions, while Margery read to the boys in their night nursery and Edith embroidered.  Fred had been fussing over a play for some time, and he had gone to read it to some manager or other. Edith was already spending the royalties.  "We could go a little ways out of town," she was saying, "and we could have an automobile; Margery says theirs will be sold, and it will certainly be a bargain. Jack, are you laughing at me?"  "Certainly _not_," I replied gravely. "Dream on, Edith. Shall we train the boys as chauffeurs, or shall we buy in the Fleming man, also cheap."  "I am sure," Edith said aggrieved, "that it costs more for horse feed this minute for your gray, Jack, than it would for gasolene."  "But Lady Gray won't eat gasolene," I protested. "She doesn't like it."  Edith turned her back on me and sewed. Near me, Mrs. Butler had languidly taken up the paper; suddenly she dropped it, and when I stooped and picked it up I noticed she was trembling.  "Is it true?" she demanded. "Is Robert Clarkson dead?"  "Yes," I assented. "He has been dead since Sunday morning--a suicide."  Edith had risen and come over to her. But Mrs. Butler was not fainting.  "I'm glad, glad," she said. Then she grew weak and semi-hysterical, laughing and crying in the same breath. When she had been helped up-stairs, for in her weakened state it had been more of a shock than we realized, Margery came down and we tried to forget the scene we had just gone through. "If the captain needs you, we can manage," she said.  "We have Henrietta and Karen, the two maids.  But Mr. Turner prefers a man to serve."  I said that I was probably not so useful that I could not be spared, and that I would try.  Vail's suggestion had come back to me, and this was my chance to get Williams's keys.  Miss Lee having spoken to the captain, I was relieved from duty, and went aft with her. What with the plunging of the vessel and the slippery decks, she almost fell twice, and each time I caught her.  The second time, she wrenched her ankle, and stood for a moment holding to the rail, while I waited beside her.  She wore a heavy ulster of some rough material, and a small soft hat of the same material, pulled over her ears.  Her soft hair lay wet across her forehead.  "How are you liking the sea, Leslie?" she said, after she had tested her ankle and found the damage inconsiderable.  "Very much, Miss Lee."  "Do you intend to remain a--a sailor?"  "I am not a sailor.  I am a deck steward, and I am about to become a butler."  "That was our agreement," she flashed at me.  "Certainly.  And to know that I intend to fulfill it to the letter, I have only to show this."  It had been one of McWhirter's inspirations, on learning how I had been engaged, the small book called "The Perfect Butler."  I took it from the pocket of my flannel shirt, under my oilskins, and held it out to her.  "I have not got very far," I said humbly.  "It's not inspiring reading. I've got the wine glasses straightened out, but it seems a lot of fuss about nothing.  Wine is wine, isn't it?  What difference, after all, does a hollow stem or green glass make--"  The rain was beating down on us.  The "Perfect Butler" was weeping tears; as its chart of choice vintages was mixed with water.  Miss Lee looked up, smiling, from the book.  "You prefer 'a jug of wine,"' she said.  "Old Omar had the right idea; only I imagine, literally, it was a skin of wine.  They didn't have jugs, did they?"  "You know the 'Rubaiyat'?" she asked slowly.  "I know the jug of wine and loaf of bread part," I admitted, irritated at the slip.  "In my home city they're using it to advertise a particular sort of bread.  You know--'A book of verses underneath the bough, a loaf of Wiggin's home-made bread, and thou."'  In spite of myself, in spite of the absurd verse, of the pouring rain, of the fact that I was shortly to place her dinner before her in the capacity of upper servant, I thrilled to the last two words.  "'And thou,'" I repeated.  She looked up at me, startled, and for a second our glances held. The next moment she was gone, and I was alone on a rain swept deck, cursing my folly.  That night, in a white linen coat, I served dinner in the after house. The meal was unusually gay, rendered so by the pitching of the boat and the uncertainty of the dishes.  In the general hilarity, my awkwardness went unnoticed.  Miss Lee, sitting beside Vail, devoted herself to him. Mrs. Johns, young and blonde, tried to interest Turner, and, failing in that, took to watching me, to my discomfiture.  Mrs. Turner, with apprehensive eyes on her husband, ate little and drank nothing.  Dinner over in the main cabin, they lounged into the chart-room--except Mrs. Johns, who, following them to the door, closed it behind them and came back.  She held a lighted cigarette, and she stood just outside the zone of candlelight, watching me through narrowed eyes.  "You got along very well to-night," she observed.  "Are you quite strong again?"  "Quite strong, Mrs. Johns."  "You have never done this sort of thing before, have you?"  "Butler's work? No--but it is rather simple."  "I thought perhaps you had," she said.  "I seem to recall you, vaguely--that is, I seem to remember a crowd of people, and a noise--I dare say I did see you in a crowd somewhere.  You know, you are rather an unforgettable type."  I was nonplused as to how a butler would reply to such a statement, and took refuge in no reply at all.  As it happened, none was needed. The ship gave a terrific roll at that moment, and I just saved the Chartreuse as it was leaving the table.  Mrs. Johns was holding to a chair.  "Well caught," she smiled, and, taking a fresh cigarette, she bent over a table-lamp and lighted it herself.  All the time her eyes were on me, I felt that she was studying one over her cigarette, with something in view.  "Is it still raining?"  "Yes, Mrs. Johns."  "Will you get a wrap from Karen and bring it to me on deck? I--I want air to-night."  The forward companionway led down into the main cabin.  She moved toward it, her pale green gown fading into the shadow.  At the foot of the steps she turned and looked back at me.  I had been stupid enough, but I knew then that she had something to say to me, something that she would not trust to the cabin walls.  I got the wrap.  She was sitting in a deck-chair when I found her, on the lee side of the after house, a position carefully chosen, with only the storeroom windows behind.  I gave her the wrap, and she flung it over her without rising.  "Sit down, Leslie," she said, pointing to the chair beside her.  And, as I hesitated, "Don't be silly, boy.  Else Lee and her sister may be as blind as they like.  You are not a sailor, or a butler, either. I don't care what you are: I'm not going to ask any questions.  Sit down; I have to talk to some one."  I sat on the edge of the chair, somewhat uneasy, to tell the truth. The crew were about on a night like that, and at any moment Elsa Lee might avail herself of the dummy hand, as she sometimes did, and run up for a breath of air or a glimpse of the sea.  "Just now, Mrs. Johns;" I said, "I am one of the crew of the Ella, and if I am seen here--"  "Oh, fudge!" she retorted impatiently.  "My reputation isn't going to be hurt, and the man's never is.  Leslie, I am frightened--you know what I mean."  "Turner?"  "Yes."  "You mean--with the captain?"  "With any one who happens to be near.  He is dangerous.  It is Vail now.  He thinks Mr. Vail is in love with his wife.  The fact is that Vail--well, never mind about that.  The point is this: this afternoon he had a dispute with Williams, and knocked him down.  The other women don't know it.  Vail told me.  We have given out that Williams is seasick.  It will be Vail next, and, if he puts a hand on him, Vail will kill him; I know him."  "We could stop this drinking."  "And have him shoot up the ship!  I have been thinking all evening, and only one thing occurs to me.  We are five women and two men, and Vail refuses to be alarmed.  I want you to sleep in the after house.  Isn't there a storeroom where you could put a cot?"  "Yes," I agreed, "and I'll do it, of course, if you are uneasy, but I really think--"  "Never mind what you really think.  I haven't slept for three nights, and I'm showing it."  She made a motion to rise, and I helped her up. She was a tall woman, and before I knew it she had put both her hands on my shoulders.  "You are a poor butler, and an indifferent sailor, I believe," she said, "but you are rather a dear.  Thank you."  She left me, alternately uplifted and sheepish.  But that night I took a blanket and a pillow into the storeroom, and spread my six feet of length along the greatest diameter of a four-by-seven pantry.  And that night, also, between six and seven bells, with the storm subsided and only a moderate sea, Schwartz, the second mate, went overboard--went without a cry, without a sound.  Singleton, relieving him at four o'clock, found his cap lying near starboard, just forward of the after house.  The helmsman and the two men in the lookout reported no sound of a struggle.  The lookout had seen the light of his cigar on the forecastle-head at six bells (three o'clock).  At seven bells he had walked back to the helmsman and commented cheerfully on the break in the weather.  That was the last seen of him.  The alarm was raised when Singleton went on watch at four o'clock. The Ella was heaved to and the lee boat lowered.  At the same time life-buoys were thrown out, and patent lights.  But the early summer dawn revealed a calm ocean; and no sign of the missing mate.  At ten o'clock the order was reluctantly given to go on.      With the disappearance of Schwartz, the Ella was short-handed: I believe Captain Richardson made an attempt to secure me to take the place of Burns, now moved up into Schwartz's position.  But the attempt met with a surly refusal from Turner.  The crew was plainly nervous and irritable.  Sailors are simple-minded men, as a rule; their mental processes are elemental. They began to mutter that the devil-ship of the Turner line was at her tricks again.  That afternoon, going into the forecastle for some of my clothing, I found a curious group.  Gathered about the table were Tom, the mulatto cook, a Swede named Oleson, Adams, and Burns of the crew. At the head of the table Charlie Jones was reading the service for the burial of the dead at sea.  The men were standing, bareheaded. I took off my cap and stood, just inside the door, until the simple service was over.  I was strongly moved.  Schwartz disappeared in the early morning of August 9.  And now I come, not without misgiving, to the night of August 12.  I am wondering if, after all, I have made clear the picture that is before my eyes: the languid cruise, the slight relaxation of discipline, due to the leisure of a pleasure voyage, the Ella again rolling gently, with hardly a dash of spray to show that she was moving, the sun beating down on her white decks and white canvas, on the three women in summer attire, on unending-bridge, with its accompaniment of tall glasses filled with ice, on Turner's morose face and Vail's watchful one.  In the forecastle, much gossip and not a little fear, and in the forward house, where Captain Richardson and Singleton had their quarters, veiled hostility and sullen silence.  August 11 was Tuesday, a hot August day, with only enough air going to keep our sails filled.  At five o'clock I served afternoon tea, and shortly after I went to Williams's cabin in the forward house to dress the wound in his head, a long cut, which was now healing.  I passed the captain's cabin, and heard him quarreling with the first mate, who was replying, now and then, sullenly.  Only the tones of their voices reached me.  When I had finished with Williams, and was returning, the quarrel was still going on.  Their voices ceased as I passed the door, and there was a crash, as of a chair violently overturned.  The next bit I heard.  "Put that down!" the captain roared.  I listened, uncertain whether to break in or not.  The next moment, Singleton opened the door and saw me.  I went on as if I had heard nothing.  Beyond that, the day was much as other days.  Turner ate no dinner that night.  He was pale, and twitching; even with my small experience, I knew he was on the verge of delirium tremens.  He did not play cards, and spent much of the evening wandering restlessly about on deck.  Mrs. Turner retired early.  Mrs. Johns played accompaniments for Vail to sing to, in the chart-room, until something after eleven, when they, too, went to their rooms.  It being impracticable for me to go to my quarters in the storeroom until the after house was settled, I went up on deck.  Miss Lee had her arm through Turner's and was talking to him.  He seemed to be listening to her; but at last he stopped and freed his arm, not ungently.  "That all sounds very well, Elsa," he said, "but you don't know what you are talking about."  "I know this."  "I'm not a fool--or blind."  He lurched down the companionway and into the cabin.  I heard her draw a long breath; then she turned and saw me.  "Is that you, Leslie?"  "Yes, Miss Lee."  She came toward me, the train of her soft white gown over her arm, and the light from a lantern setting some jewels on her neck to glittering.  "Mrs. Johns has told me where you are sleeping.  You are very good to do it, although I think she is rather absurd."  "I am glad to do anything I can."  "I am sure of that.  You are certain you are comfortable there?"  "Perfectly."  "Then--good-night.  And thank you."  Unexpectedly she put out her hand, and I took it.  It was the first time I had touched her, and it went to my head.  I bent over her slim cold fingers and kissed them.  She drew her breath in sharply in surprise, but as I dropped her hand our eyes met.  "You should not have done that," she said coolly.  "I am sorry."  She left me utterly wretched.  What a boor she must have thought me, to misconstrue her simple act of kindness!  I loathed myself with a hatred that sent me groveling to my blanket in the pantry, and that kept me, once there, awake through all the early part of the summer night.  I wakened with a sense of oppression, of smothering heat.  I had struggled slowly back to consciousness, to realize that the door of the pantry was closed, and that I was stewing in the moist heat of the August night.  I got up, clad in my shirt and trousers, and felt my way to the door.  The storeroom and pantry of the after house had been built in during the rehabilitation of the boat, and consisted of a short passageway, with drawers for linens on either side, and beyond, lighted by a porthole, the small supply room in which I had been sleeping.  Along this passageway; then, I groped my way to the door at the end, opening into the main cabin near the chart-room door and across from Mrs. Turner's room.  This door I had been in the habit of leaving open, for two purposes--ventilation, and in case I might be, as Mrs. Johns had feared, required in the night.  The door was locked on the outside.  I was a moment or two in grasping the fact.  I shook it carefully to see if it had merely caught, and then, incredulous, I put my weight to it.  It refused to yield.  The silence outside was absolute.  I felt my way back to the window.  It was open, but was barred with iron, and, even without that, too small for my shoulders.  I listened for the mate.  It was still dark, and so not yet time for the watch to change.  Singleton would be on duty, and he rarely came aft.  There was no sound of footsteps.  I lit a match and examined the lock.  It was a simple one, and as my idea now was to free myself without raising an alarm, I decided to unscrew it with my pocket-knife.  I was still confused, but inclined to consider my imprisonment a jest, perhaps on the part of Charlie Jones, who tempered his religious fervor with a fondness for practical joking.  I accordingly knelt in front of the lock and opened my knife.  I was in darkness and working by touch.  I had extracted one screw, and, with a growing sense of satisfaction, was putting it in my pocket before loosening a second, when a board on which I knelt moved under my knee, lifted, as if the other end, beyond the door, had been stepped on. There was no sound, no creak.  Merely that ominous lifting under my knee.  There was some one just beyond the door.  A moment later the pressure was released.  With a growing horror of I know not what, I set to work at the second screw, trying to be noiseless, but with hands shaking with excitement.  The screw fell out into my palm.  In my haste I dropped my knife, and had to grope for it on the floor.  It was then that a woman screamed--a low, sobbing cry, broken off almost before it began.  I had got my knife by that time, and in desperation I threw myself against the door. It gave way, and I fell full length on the main cabin floor.  I was still in darkness. The silence in the cabin was absolute.  I could hear the steersman beyond the chart-room scratching a match.  As I got up, six bells struck.  It was three o'clock.  Vail's room was next to the pantry, and forward.  I felt my way to it, and rapped.  "Vail," I called.  "Vail!"  His door was open an inch or so.  I went in and felt my way to his bunk.  I could hear him breathing, a stertorous respiration like that of sleep, and yet unlike.  The moment I touched him, the sound ceased, and did not commence again.  I struck a match and bent over him.  He had been almost cut to pieces with an axe.      The match burnt out, and I dropped it.  I remember mechanically extinguishing the glowing end with my heel, and then straightening to such a sense of horror as I have never felt before or since.  I groped for the door; I wanted air, space, the freedom from lurking death of the open deck.  I had been sleeping with my revolver beside me on the pantry floor. Somehow or other I got back there and found it.  I made an attempt to find the switch for the cabin lights, and, failing, revolver in hand, I ran into the chart-room and up the after companionway. Charlie Jones was at the wheel, and by the light of a lantern I saw that he was bending to the right, peering in at the chartroom window. He turned when he heard me.  "What's wrong?" he asked.  "I heard a yell a minute ago.  Turner on the rampage?"  He saw my revolver then, and, letting go the wheel, threw up both his hands.  "Turn that gun away, you fool!"  I could hardly speak.  I lowered the revolver and gasped: "Call the captain!  Vail's been murdered!  "Good God!" he said.  "Who did it?"  He had taken the wheel again, and was bringing the ship back to her course.  I was turning sick and dizzy, and I clutched at the railing of the companionway.  "I don't know.  Where's the captain?"  "The mate's around." He raised his voice.  "Mr. Singleton!" he called.  There was no time to lose, I felt.  My nausea had left me.  I ran forward to where I could dimly see Singleton looking in my direction.  "Singleton!  Quick!" I called.  "Bring your revolver."  He stopped and peered in my direction.  "Who is it?"  "Leslie.  Come below, for God's sake!"  He came slowly toward me, and in a dozen words I told him what had happened.  I saw then that he had been drinking.  He reeled against me, and seemed at a loss to know what to do.  "Get your revolver," I said, "and wake the captain."  He disappeared into the forward house, to come back a moment later with a revolver.  I had got a lantern in the mean time, and ran to the forward companionway which led into the main cabin.  Singleton followed me.  "Where's the captain?" I asked.  "I didn't call him," Singleton replied, and muttered something unintelligible under his breath.  Swinging the lantern ahead of me, I led the way down the companionway. Something lay huddled at the foot.  I had to step over it to get down. Singleton stood above, on the steps.  I stooped and held the lantern close, and we both saw that it was the captain, killed as Vail had been.  He was fully dressed except for his coat, and as he lay on his back, his cap had been placed over his mutilated face. I had acted on my first impulse--the masculine one of shielding a woman.  The doctor had unfastened the coat of the striped pajamas and exposed the dead man's chest. On the left side was a small punctured wound of insignificant size.  "Very neatly done," the doctor said with appreciation. "Couldn't have done it better myself. Right through the intercostal space: no time even to grunt."  "Isn't the heart around there somewhere?" I asked. The medical man turned toward me and smiled austerely.  "That's where it belongs, just under that puncture, when it isn't gadding around in a man's throat or his boots."  I had a new respect for the doctor, for any one indeed who could crack even a feeble joke under such circumstances, or who could run an impersonal finger over that wound and those stains. Odd how a healthy, normal man holds the medical profession in half contemptuous regard until he gets sick, or an emergency like this arises, and then turns meekly to the man who knows the ins and outs of his mortal tenement, takes his pills or his patronage, ties to him like a rudderless ship in a gale.  "Suicide, is it, doctor?" I asked.  He stood erect, after drawing the bed-clothing over the face, and, taking off his glasses, he wiped them slowly.  "No, it is not suicide," he announced decisively. "It is murder."  Of course, I had expected that, but the word itself brought a shiver. I was just a bit dizzy. Curious faces through the car were turned toward us, and I could hear the porter behind me breathing audibly. A stout woman in negligee came down the aisle and querulously confronted the porter. She wore a pink dressing-jacket and carried portions of her clothing.  "Porter," she began, in the voice of the lady who had "dangled," "is there a rule of this company that will allow a woman to occupy the dressing-room for one hour and curl her hair with an alcohol lamp while respectable people haven't a place where they can hook their--"  She stopped suddenly and stared into lower ten. Her shining pink cheeks grew pasty, her jaw fell. I remember trying to think of something to say, and of saying nothing at all. Then--she had buried her eyes in the nondescript garments that hung from her arm and tottered back the way she had come. Slowly a little knot of men gathered around us, silent for the most part. The doctor was making a search of the berth when the conductor elbowed his way through, followed by the inquisitive man, who had evidently summoned him. I had lost sight, for a time, of the girl in blue.  "Do it himself?" the conductor queried, after a businesslike glance at the body.  "No, he didn't," the doctor asserted. "There's no weapon here, and the window is closed. He couldn't have thrown it out, and he didn't swallow it. What on earth are you looking for, man?"  Some one was on the floor at our feet, face down, head peering under the berth. Now he got up without apology, revealing the man who had summoned the conductor. He was dusty, alert, cheerful, and he dragged up with him the dead man's suit-case. The sight of it brought back to me at once my own predicament.  "I don't know whether there's any connection or not, conductor," I said, "but I am a victim, too, in less degree; I've been robbed of everything I possess, except a red and yellow bath-robe. I happened to be wearing the bath-robe, which was probably the reason the thief overlooked it."  There was a fresh murmur in the crowd. Some body laughed nervously. The conductor was irritated.  "I can't bother with that now," he snarled. "The railroad company is responsible for transportation, not for clothes, jewelry and morals. If people want to be stabbed and robbed in the company's cars, it's their affair. Why didn't you sleep in your clothes? I do."  I took an angry step forward. Then somebody touched my arm, and I unclenched my fist. I could understand the conductor's position, and beside, in the law, I had been guilty myself of contributory negligence.  "I'm not trying to make you responsible," I protested as amiably as I could, "and I believe the clothes the thief left are as good as my own. They are certainly newer. But my valise contained valuable papers and it is to your interest as well as mine to find the man who stole it."  "Why, of course," the conductor said shrewdly. "Find the man who skipped out with this gentleman's clothes, and you've probably got the murderer."  "I went to bed in lower nine," I said, my mind full again of my lost papers, "and I wakened in number seven. I was up in the night prowling around, as I was unable to sleep, and I must have gone back to the wrong berth. Anyhow, until the porter wakened me this morning I knew nothing of my mistake. In the interval the thief--murderer, too, perhaps--must have come back, discovered my error, and taken advantage of it to further his escape."  The inquisitive man looked at me from between narrowed eyelids, ferret-like.  "Did any one on the train suspect you of having valuable papers?" he inquired. The crowd was listening intently.  "No one," I answered promptly and positively. The doctor was investigating the murdered man's effects. The pockets of his trousers contained the usual miscellany of keys and small change, while in his hip pocket was found a small pearl-handled revolver of the type women usually keep around. A gold watch with a Masonic charm had slid down between the mattress and the window, while a showy diamond stud was still fastened in the bosom of his shirt. Taken as a whole, the personal belongings were those of a man of some means, but without any particular degree of breeding. The doctor heaped them together.  "Either robbery was not the motive," he reflected, "or the thief overlooked these things in his hurry."  The latter hypothesis seemed the more tenable, when, after a thorough search, we found no pocketbook and less than a dollar in small change.  The suit-case gave no clue. It contained one empty leather-covered flask and a pint bottle, also empty, a change of linen and some collars with the laundry mark, S. H. In the leather tag on the handle was a card with the name Simon Harrington, Pittsburg. The conductor sat down on my unmade berth, across, and made an entry of the name and address. Then, on an old envelope, he wrote a few words and gave it to the porter, who disappeared.  "I guess that's all I can do," he said. "I've had enough trouble this trip to last for a year. They don't need a conductor on these trains any more; what they ought to have is a sheriff and a posse."  The porter from the next car came in and whispered to him. The conductor rose unhappily.  "Next car's caught the disease," he grumbled. "Doctor, a woman back there has got mumps or bubonic plague, or something. Will you come back?"  The strange porter stood aside.  "Lady about the middle of the car," he said, "in black, sir, with queer-looking hair--sort of copper color, I think, sir."       With the departure of the conductor and the doctor, the group around lower ten broke up, to re-form in smaller knots through the car. The porter remained on guard. With something of relief I sank into a seat. I wanted to think, to try to remember the details of the previous night. But my inquisitive acquaintance had other intentions. He came up and sat down beside me. Like the conductor, he had taken notes of the dead man's belongings, his name, address, clothing and the general circumstances of the crime. Now with his little note-book open before him, he prepared to enjoy the minor sensation of the robbery.  "And now for the second victim," he began cheerfully. "What is your name and address, please?" I eyed him with suspicion.  "I have lost everything but my name and address," I parried. "What do you want them for? Publication?"  "Oh, no; dear, no!" he said, shocked at my misapprehension. "Merely for my own enlightenment. I like to gather data of this kind and draw my own conclusions. Most interesting and engrossing. Once or twice I have forestalled the results of police investigation--but entirely for my own amusement."  I nodded tolerantly. Most of us have hobbies; I knew a man once who carried his handkerchief up his sleeve and had a mania for old colored prints cut out of Godey's Lady's Book.  "I use that inductive method originated by Poe and followed since with such success by Conan Doyle. Have you ever read Gaboriau? Ah, you have missed a treat, indeed. And now, to get down to business, what is the name of our escaped thief and probable murderer?"  "How on earth do I know?" I demanded impatiently. "He didn't write it in blood anywhere, did he?"  The little man looked hurt and disappointed.  "Do you mean to say," he asked, "that the pockets of those clothes are entirely empty?" The pockets! In the excitement I had forgotten entirely the sealskin grip which the porter now sat at my feet, and I had not investigated the pockets at all. With the inquisitive man's pencil taking note of everything that I found, I emptied them on the opposite seat.  Upper left-hand waist-coat, two lead pencils and a fountain pen; lower right waist-coat, match-box and a small stamp book; right-hand pocket coat, pair of gray suede gloves, new, size seven and a half; left-hand pocket, gun-metal cigarette case studded with pearls, half-full of Egyptian cigarettes. The trousers pockets contained a gold penknife, a small amount of money in bills and change, and a handkerchief with the initial "S" on it.  Further search through the coat discovered a card-case with cards bearing the name Henry Pinckney Sullivan, and a leather flask with gold mountings, filled with what seemed to be very fair whisky, and monogrammed H. P. S.  "His name evidently is Henry Pinckney Sullivan," said the cheerful follower of Poe, as he wrote it down. "Address as yet unknown. Blond, probably. Have you noticed that it is almost always the blond men who affect a very light gray, with a touch of red in the scarf? Fact, I assure you. I kept a record once of the summer attire of men, and ninety per cent, followed my rule. Dark men like you affect navy blue, or brown."  In spite of myself I was amused at the man's shrewdness.  "Yes; the suit he took was dark--a blue," I said. He rubbed his hands and smiled at me delightedly. "Then you wore black shoes, not tan," he said, with a glance at the aggressive yellow ones I wore.  "Right again," I acknowledged. "Black low shoes and black embroidered hose. If you keep on you'll have a motive for the crime, and the murderer's present place of hiding. And if you come back to the smoker with me, I'll give you an opportunity to judge if he knew good whisky from bad."  I put the articles from the pockets back again and got up. "I wonder if there is a diner on?" I said. "I need something sustaining after all this."  I was conscious then of some one at my elbow. I turned to see the young woman whose face was so vaguely familiar. In the very act of speaking she drew back suddenly and colored.  "Oh,--I beg your pardon," she said hurriedly, "I--thought you were--some one else." She was looking in a puzzled fashion at my coat. I felt all the cringing guilt of a man who has accidentally picked up the wrong umbrella: my borrowed collar sat tight on my neck.  "I'm sorry," I said idiotically. "I'm sorry, but--I'm not." I have learned since that she has bright brown hair, with a loose wave in it that drops over her ears, and dark blue eyes with black lashes and--but what does it matter? One enjoys a picture as a whole: not as the sum of its parts.  She saw the flask then, and her errand came back to her. "One of the ladies at the end of car has fainted," she explained. "I thought perhaps a stimulant--"  I picked up the flask at once and followed my guide down the aisle. Two or three women were working over the woman who had fainted. They had opened her collar and taken out her hairpins, whatever good that might do. The stout woman was vigorously rubbing her wrists, with the idea, no doubt, of working up her pulse! The unconscious woman was the one for whom I had secured lower eleven at the station.  I poured a little liquor in a bungling masculine fashion between her lips as she leaned back, with closed eyes. She choked, coughed, and rallied somewhat.  "Poor thing," said the stout lady. "As she lies back that way I could almost think it was my mother; she used to faint so much."  "It would make anybody faint," chimed in another. "Murder and robbery in one night and on one car. I'm thankful I always wear my rings in a bag around my neck--even if they do get under me and keep me awake."  The girl in blue was looking at us with wide, startled eyes. I saw her pale a little, saw the quick, apprehensive glance which she threw at her traveling companion, the small woman I had noticed before. There was an exchange--almost a clash--of glances. The small woman frowned. That was all. I turned my attention again to my patient.  She had revived somewhat, and now she asked to have the window opened. The train had stopped again and the car was oppressively hot. People around were looking at their watches and grumbling over the delay. The doctor bustled in with a remark about its being his busy day. The amateur detective and the porter together mounted guard over lower ten. Outside the heat rose in shimmering waves from the tracks: the very wood of the car was hot to touch. A Camberwell Beauty darted through the open door and made its way, in erratic plunges, great wings waving, down the sunny aisle. All around lay the peace of harvested fields, the quiet of the country.       I was growing more and more irritable. The thought of what the loss of the notes meant was fast crowding the murder to the back of my mind. The forced inaction was intolerable.  The porter had reported no bag answering the description of mine on the train, but I was disposed to make my own investigation. I made a tour of the cars, scrutinizing every variety of hand luggage, ranging from luxurious English bags with gold mountings to the wicker nondescripts of the day coach at the rear. I was not alone in my quest, for the girl in blue was just ahead of me. Car by car she preceded me through the train, unconscious that I was behind her, looking at each passenger as she passed. I fancied the proceeding was distasteful, but that she had determined on a course and was carrying it through. We reached the end of the train almost together--empty-handed, both of us.  The girl went out to the platform. When she saw me she moved aside, and I stepped out beside her. Behind us the track curved sharply; the early sunshine threw the train, in long black shadow, over the hot earth. Forward somewhere they were hammering. The girl said nothing, but her profile was strained and anxious.  "I--if you have lost anything," I began, "I wish you would let me try to help. Not that my own success is anything to boast of."  She hardly glanced at me. It was not flattering. "I have not been robbed, if that is what you mean," she replied quietly. "I am--perplexed. That is all."  There was nothing to say to that. I lifted my hat--the other fellow's hat--and turned to go back to my car. Two or three members of the train crew, including the conductor, were standing in the shadow talking. And at that moment, from a farm-house near came the swift clang of the breakfast bell, calling in the hands from barn and pasture. I turned back to the girl.  "We may be here for an hour," I said, "and there is no buffet car on. If I remember my youth, that bell means ham and eggs and country butter and coffee. If you care to run the risk--"  "I am not hungry," she said, "but perhaps a cup of coffee--dear me, I believe I am hungry," she finished. "Only--" She glanced back of her.  "I can bring your companion," I suggested, without enthusiasm. But the young woman shook her head.  "She is not hungry," she objected, "and she is very--well, I know she wouldn't come. Do you suppose we could make it if we run?"  "I haven't any idea," I said cheerfully. "Any old train would be better than this one, if it does leave us behind."  "Yes. Any train would be better than this one," she repeated gravely. I found myself watching her changing expression. I had spoken two dozen words to her and already I felt that I knew the lights and shades in her voice,--I, who had always known how a woman rode to hounds, and who never could have told the color of her hair.  I stepped down on the ties and turned to assist her, and together we walked back to where the conductor and the porter from our car were in close conversation. Instinctively my hand went to my cigarette pocket and came out empty. She saw the gesture.  "If you want to smoke, you may," she said. "I have a big cousin who smokes all the time. He says I am 'kippered.'"  I drew out the gun-metal cigarette case and opened it. But this most commonplace action had an extraordinary result: the girl beside me stopped dead still and stood staring at it with fascinated eyes.  "Is--where did you get that?" she demanded, with a catch in her voice; her gaze still fixed on the cigarette case.  "Then you haven't heard the rest of the tragedy?" I asked, holding out the case. "It's frightfully bad luck for me, but it makes a good story. You see--"  At that moment the conductor and porter ceased their colloquy. The conductor came directly toward me, tugging as he came at his bristling gray mustache.  "I would like to talk to you in the car," he said to me, with a curious glance at the young lady.  "Can't it wait?" I objected. "We are on our way to a cup of coffee and a slice of bacon. Be merciful, as you are powerful."  "I'm afraid the breakfast will have to wait," he replied. "I won't keep you long." There was a note of authority in his voice which I resented; but, after all, the circumstances were unusual.  "We'll have to defer that cup of coffee for a while," I said to the girl; "but don't despair; there's breakfast somewhere."  As we entered the car, she stood aside, but I felt rather than saw that she followed us. I was surprised to see a half dozen men gathered around the berth in which I had wakened, number seven. It had not yet been made up.  As we passed along the aisle, I was conscious of a new expression on the faces of the passengers. The tall woman who had fainted was searching my face with narrowed eyes, while the stout woman of the kindly heart avoided my gaze, and pretended to look out the window.  As we pushed our way through the group, I fancied that it closed around me ominously. The conductor said nothing, but led the way without ceremony to the side of the berth.  "What's the matter?" I inquired. I was puzzled, but not apprehensive. "Have you some of my things? I'd be thankful even for my shoes; these are confoundedly tight."  Nobody spoke, and I fell silent, too. For one of the pillows had been turned over, and the under side of the white case was streaked with brownish stains. I think it was a perceptible time before I realized that the stains were blood, and that the faces around were filled with suspicion and distrust.  "Why, it--that looks like blood," I said vacuously. There was an incessant pounding in my ears, and the conductor's voice came from far off. It was some time before I could persuade her she had not been attacked from behind by a burglar, and when she found the mirror smashed on the floor she wasn't much better.  "There's going to be a death!" she wailed.  "Oh, Miss Rachel, there's going to be a death!"  "There will be," I said grimly, "if you don't keep quiet, Liddy Allen."  And so we sat there until morning, wondering if the candle would last until dawn, and arranging what trains we could take back to town.  If we had only stuck to that decision and gone back before it was too late!  The sun came finally, and from my window I watched the trees along the drive take shadowy form, gradually lose their ghostlike appearance, become gray and then green.  The Greenwood Club showed itself a dab of white against the hill across the valley, and an early robin or two hopped around in the dew.  Not until the milk-boy and the sun came, about the same time, did I dare to open the door into the hall and look around.  Everything was as we had left it.  Trunks were heaped here and there, ready for the trunk-room, and through an end window of stained glass came a streak of red and yellow daylight that was eminently cheerful. The milk-boy was pounding somewhere below, and the day had begun.  Thomas Johnson came ambling up the drive about half-past six, and we could hear him clattering around on the lower floor, opening shutters. I had to take Liddy to her room up-stairs, however,--she was quite sure she would find something uncanny. In fact, when she did not, having now the courage of daylight, she was actually disappointed.  Well, we did not go back to town that day.  The discovery of a small picture fallen from the wall of the drawing-room was quite sufficient to satisfy Liddy that the alarm had been a false one, but I was anything but convinced.  Allowing for my nerves and the fact that small noises magnify themselves at night, there was still no possibility that the picture had made the series of sounds I heard.  To prove it, however, I dropped it again.  It fell with a single muffled crash of its wooden frame, and incidentally ruined itself beyond repair.  I justified myself by reflecting that if the Armstrongs chose to leave pictures in unsafe positions, and to rent a house with a family ghost, the destruction of property was their responsibility, not mine.  I warned Liddy not to mention what had happened to anybody, and telephoned to town for servants.  Then after a breakfast which did more credit to Thomas' heart than his head, I went on a short tour of investigation.  The sounds had come from the east wing, and not without some qualms I began there.  At first I found nothing.  Since then I have developed my powers of observation, but at that time I was a novice.  The small card-room seemed undisturbed.  I looked for footprints, which is, I believe, the conventional thing to do, although my experience has been that as clues both footprints and thumb-marks are more useful in fiction than in fact.  But the stairs in that wing offered something.  At the top of the flight had been placed a tall wicker hamper, packed, with linen that had come from town.  It stood at the edge of the top step, almost barring passage, and on the step below it was a long fresh scratch.  For three steps the scratch was repeated, gradually diminishing, as if some object had fallen, striking each one.  Then for four steps nothing.  On the fifth step below was a round dent in the hard wood.  That was all, and it seemed little enough, except that I was positive the marks had not been there the day before.  It bore out my theory of the sound, which had been for all the world like the bumping of a metallic object down a flight of steps.  The four steps had been skipped.  I reasoned that an iron bar, for instance, would do something of the sort,--strike two or three steps, end down, then turn over, jumping a few stairs, and landing with a thud.  Iron bars, however, do not fall down-stairs in the middle of the night alone.  Coupled with the figure on the veranda the agency by which it climbed might be assumed.  But--and here was the thing that puzzled me most--the doors were all fastened that morning, the windows unmolested, and the particular door from the card-room to the veranda had a combination lock of which I held the key, and which had not been tampered with.  I fixed on an attempt at burglary, as the most natural explanation--an attempt frustrated by the falling of the object, whatever it was, that had roused me.  Two things I could not understand: how the intruder had escaped with everything locked, and why he had left the small silver, which, in the absence of a butler, had remained down-stairs over night.  Under pretext of learning more about the place, Thomas Johnson led me through the house and the cellars, without result. Everything was in good order and repair; money had been spent lavishly on construction and plumbing.  The house was full of conveniences, and I had no reason to repent my bargain, save the fact that, in the nature of things, night must come again. And other nights must follow--and we were a long way from a police-station.  In the afternoon a hack came up from Casanova, with a fresh relay of servants.  The driver took them with a flourish to the servants' entrance, and drove around to the front of the house, where I was awaiting him.  "Two dollars," he said in reply to my question.  "I don't charge full rates, because, bringin' 'em up all summer as I do, it pays to make a special price.  When they got off the train, I sez, sez I, 'There's another bunch for Sunnyside, cook, parlor maid and all.'  Yes'm--six summers, and a new lot never less than once a month.  They won't stand for the country and the lonesomeness, I reckon."  But with the presence of the "bunch" of servants my courage revived, and late in the afternoon came a message from Gertrude that she and Halsey would arrive that night at about eleven o'clock, coming in the car from Richfield.  Things were looking up; and when Beulah, my cat, a most intelligent animal, found some early catnip on a bank near the house and rolled in it in a feline ecstasy, I decided that getting back to nature was the thing to do.  While I was dressing for dinner, Liddy rapped at the door.  She was hardly herself yet, but privately I think she was worrying about the broken mirror and its augury, more than anything else. When she came in she was holding something in her hand, and she laid it on the dressing-table carefully.  "I found it in the linen hamper," she said.  "It must be Mr. Halsey's, but it seems queer how it got there."  It was the half of a link cuff-button of unique design, and I looked at it carefully.  "Where was it?  In the bottom of the hamper?" I asked.  "On the very top," she replied.  "It's a mercy it didn't fall out on the way."  When Liddy had gone I examined the fragment attentively.  I had never seen it before, and I was certain it was not Halsey's.  It was of Italian workmanship, and consisted of a mother-of-pearl foundation, encrusted with tiny seed-pearls, strung on horsehair to hold them.  In the center was a small ruby.  The trinket was odd enough, but not intrinsically of great value.  Its interest for me lay in this:  Liddy had found it lying in the top of the hamper which had blocked the east-wing stairs.  That afternoon the Armstrongs' housekeeper, a youngish good-looking woman, applied for Mrs. Ralston's place, and I was glad enough to take her.  She looked as though she might be equal to a dozen of Liddy, with her snapping black eyes and heavy jaw.  Her name was Anne Watson, and I dined that evening for the first time in three days.     I had dinner served in the breakfast-room.  Somehow the huge dining-room depressed me, and Thomas, cheerful enough all day, allowed his spirits to go down with the sun.  He had a habit of watching the corners of the room, left shadowy by the candles on the table, and altogether it was not a festive meal.  Dinner over I went into the living-room.  I had three hours before the children could possibly arrive, and I got out my knitting.  I had brought along two dozen pairs of slipper soles in assorted sizes--I always send knitted slippers to the Old Ladies' Home at Christmas--and now I sorted over the wools with a grim determination not to think about the night before.  But my mind was not on my work: at the end of a half-hour I found I had put a row of blue scallops on Eliza Klinefelter's lavender slippers, and I put them away.  I got out the cuff-link and went with it to the pantry.  Thomas was wiping silver and the air was heavy with tobacco smoke.  I sniffed and looked around, but there was no pipe to be seen.  "Thomas," I said, "you have been smoking."  "No, ma'm."  He was injured innocence itself.  "It's on my coat, ma'm. Over at the club the gentlemen--"  But Thomas did not finish.  The pantry was suddenly filled with the odor of singeing cloth.  Thomas gave a clutch at his coat, whirled to the sink, filled a tumbler with water and poured it into his right pocket with the celerity of practice.  "Thomas," I said, when he was sheepishly mopping the floor, "smoking is a filthy and injurious habit.  If you must smoke, you must; but don't stick a lighted pipe in your pocket again.  Your skin's your own: you can blister it if you like.  But this house is not mine, and I don't want a conflagration.  Did you ever see this cuff-link before?"  No, he never had, he said, but he looked at it oddly.  "I picked it up in the hall," I added indifferently.  The old man's eyes were shrewd under his bushy eyebrows.  "There's strange goin's-on here, Mis' Innes," he said, shaking his head.  "Somethin's goin' to happen, sure.  You ain't took notice that the big clock in the hall is stopped, I reckon?"  "Nonsense," I said.  "Clocks have to stop, don't they, if they're not wound?"  "It's wound up, all right, and it stopped at three o'clock last night," he answered solemnly.  "More'n that, that there clock ain't stopped for fifteen years, not since Mr. Armstrong's first wife died.  And that ain't all,--no MA'M.  Last three nights I slep' in this place, after the electrics went out I had a token. My oil lamp was full of oil, but it kep' goin' out, do what I would.  Minute I shet my eyes, out that lamp'd go.  There ain't no surer token of death.  The Bible sez, LET YER LIGHT SHINE! When a hand you can't see puts yer light out, it means death, sure."  The old man's voice was full of conviction.  In spite of myself I had a chilly sensation in the small of my back, and I left him mumbling over his dishes.  Later on I heard a crash from the pantry, and Liddy reported that Beulah, who is coal black, had darted in front of Thomas just as he picked up a tray of dishes; that the bad omen had been too much for him, and he had dropped the tray.  The chug of the automobile as it climbed the hill was the most welcome sound I had heard for a long time, and with Gertrude and Halsey actually before me, my troubles seemed over for good. Gertrude stood smiling in the hall, with her hat quite over one ear, and her hair in every direction under her pink veil. Gertrude is a very pretty girl, no matter how her hat is, and I was not surprised when Halsey presented a good-looking young man, who bowed at me and looked at Trude--that is the ridiculous nickname Gertrude brought from school.  "I have brought a guest, Aunt Ray," Halsey said.  "I want you to adopt him into your affections and your Saturday-to-Monday list. Let me present John Bailey, only you must call him Jack.  In twelve hours he'll be calling you 'Aunt': I know him."  We shook hands, and I got a chance to look at Mr. Bailey; he was a tall fellow, perhaps thirty, and he wore a small mustache.  I remember wondering why: he seemed to have a good mouth and when he smiled his teeth were above the average.  One never knows why certain men cling to a messy upper lip that must get into things, any more than one understands some women building up their hair on wire atrocities. Otherwise, he was very good to look at, stalwart and tanned, with the direct gaze that I like. I am particular about Mr. Bailey, because he was a prominent figure in what happened later.  Gertrude was tired with the trip and went up to bed very soon.  I made up my mind to tell them nothing; until the next day, and then to make as light of our excitement as possible.  After all, what had I to tell? An inquisitive face peering in at a window; a crash in the night; a scratch or two on the stairs, and half a cuff-button!  As for Thomas and his forebodings, it was always my belief that a negro is one part thief, one part pigment, and the rest superstition.  It was Saturday night.  The two men went to the billiard-room, and I could hear them talking as I went up-stairs.  It seemed that Halsey had stopped at the Greenwood Club for gasolene and found Jack Bailey there, with the Sunday golf crowd.  Mr. Bailey had not been hard to persuade--probably Gertrude knew why--and they had carried him off triumphantly.  I roused Liddy to get them something to eat--Thomas was beyond reach in the lodge--and paid no attention to her evident terror of the kitchen regions.  Then I went to bed.  The men were still in the billiard-room when I finally dozed off, and the last thing I remember was the howl of a dog in front of the house.  It wailed a crescendo of woe that trailed off hopefully, only to break out afresh from a new point of the compass.  At three o'clock in the morning I was roused by a revolver shot. The sound seemed to come from just outside my door.  For a moment I could not move.  Then--I heard Gertrude stirring in her room, and the next moment she had thrown open the connecting door.  "O Aunt Ray!  Aunt Ray!" she cried hysterically.  "Some one has been killed, killed!"  "Thieves," I said shortly.  "Thank goodness, there are some men in the house to-night."  I was getting into my slippers and a bath-robe, and Gertrude with shaking hands was lighting a lamp. Then we opened the door into the hall, where, crowded on the upper landing of the stairs, the maids, white-faced and trembling, were peering down, headed by Liddy.  I was greeted by a series of low screams and questions, and I tried to quiet them.  Gertrude had dropped on a chair and sat there limp and shivering.  I went at once across the hall to Halsey's room and knocked; then I pushed the door open.  It was empty; the bed had not been occupied!  "He must be in Mr. Bailey's room," I said excitedly, and followed by Liddy, we went there.  Like Halsey's, it had not been occupied! Gertrude was on her feet now, but she leaned against the door for support.  "They have been killed!" she gasped.  Then she caught me by the arm and dragged me toward the stairs.  "They may only be hurt, and we must find them," she said, her eyes dilated with excitement.  I don't remember how we got down the stairs: I do remember expecting every moment to be killed.  The cook was at the telephone up-stairs, calling the Greenwood Club, and Liddy was behind me, afraid to come and not daring to stay behind.  We found the living-room and the drawing-room undisturbed.  Somehow I felt that whatever we found would be in the card-room or on the staircase, and nothing but the fear that Halsey was in danger drove me on; with every step my knees seemed to give way under me.  Gertrude was ahead and in the card-room she stopped, holding her candle high.  Then she pointed silently to the doorway into the hall beyond.  Huddled there on the floor, face down, with his arms extended, was a man.  Gertrude ran forward with a gasping sob.  "Jack," she cried, "oh, Jack!"  Liddy had run, screaming, and the two of us were there alone.  It was Gertrude who turned him over, finally, until we could see his white face, and then she drew a deep breath and dropped limply to her knees. It was the body of a man, a gentleman, in a dinner coat and white waistcoat, stained now with blood--the body of a man I had never seen before.     Gertrude gazed at the face in a kind of fascination.  Then she put out her hands blindly, and I thought she was going to faint.  "He has killed him!"  she muttered almost inarticulately; and at that, because my nerves were going, I gave her a good shake.  "What do you mean?" I said frantically.  There was a depth of grief and conviction in her tone that was worse than anything she could have said.  The shake braced her, anyhow, and she seemed to pull herself together.  But not another word would she say: she stood gazing down at that gruesome figure on the floor, while Liddy, ashamed of her flight and afraid to come back alone, drove before her three terrified women-servants into the drawing-room, which was as near as any of them would venture.  Once in the drawing-room, Gertrude collapsed and went from one fainting spell into another.  I had all I could do to keep Liddy from drowning her with cold water, and the maids huddled in a corner, as much use as so many sheep.  In a short time, although it seemed hours, a car came rushing up, and Anne Watson, who had waited to dress, opened the door. Three men from the Greenwood Club, in all kinds of costumes, hurried in.  I recognized a Mr. Jarvis, but the others were strangers.  "What's wrong?" the Jarvis man asked--and we made a strange picture, no doubt.  "Nobody hurt, is there?"  He was looking at Gertrude.  "Worse than that, Mr. Jarvis," I said.  "I think it is murder."  At the word there was a commotion.  The cook began to cry, and Mrs. Watson knocked over a chair.  The men were visibly impressed.  "Not any member of the family?" Mr. Jarvis asked, when he had got his breath.  "No," I said; and motioning Liddy to look after Gertrude, I led the way with a lamp to the card-room door.  One of the men gave an exclamation, and they all hurried across the room.  Mr. Jarvis took the lamp from me--I remember that--and then, feeling myself getting dizzy and light-headed, I closed my eyes.  When I opened them their brief examination was over, and Mr. Jarvis was trying to put me in a chair.  "You must get up-stairs," he said firmly, "you and Miss Gertrude, too. This has been a terrible shock.  In his own home, too."  I stared at him without comprehension.  "Who is it?" I asked with difficulty.  There was a band drawn tight around my throat.  "It is Arnold Armstrong," he said, looking at me oddly, "and he has been murdered in his father's house."  After a minute I gathered myself together and Mr. Jarvis helped me into the living-room.  Liddy had got Gertrude up-stairs, and the two strange men from the club stayed with the body.  The reaction from the shock and strain was tremendous: I was collapsed--and then Mr. Jarvis asked me a question that brought back my wandering faculties.  "Where is Halsey?" he asked.  "Halsey!"  Suddenly Gertrude's stricken face rose before me the empty rooms up-stairs. "I am glad Fred was not here," Edith confided to me. "Ellen is a lovely woman, and as kind as she is mild; but in one of her--attacks, she is a little bit trying."  It was strange to contrast the way in which the two women took their similar bereavements. Margery represented the best type of normal American womanhood; Ellen Butler the neurasthenic; she demanded everything by her very helplessness and timidity. She was a constant drain on Edith's ready sympathy. That night, while I closed the house--Fred had not come in--I advised her to let Mrs. Butler go back to her sanatorium.  At twelve-thirty I was still down-stairs; Fred was out, and I waited for him, being curious to know the verdict on the play. The bell rang a few minutes before one, and I went to the door; some one in the vestibule was tapping the floor impatiently with his foot. When I opened the door, I was surprised to find that the late visitor was Wardrop.  He came in quietly, and I had a chance to see him well, under the hall light; the change three days had made was shocking. His eyes were sunk deep in his head, his reddened lids and twitching mouth told of little sleep, of nerves ready to snap. He was untidy, too, and a three days' beard hardly improved him.  "I'm glad it's you," he said, by way of greeting. "I was afraid you'd have gone to bed."  "It's the top of the evening yet," I replied perfunctorily, as I led the way into the library. Once inside, Wardrop closed the door and looked around him like an animal at bay.  "I came here," he said nervously, looking at the windows, "because I had an idea you'd keep your head. Mine's gone; I'm either crazy, or I'm on my way there."  "Sit down, man," I pushed a chair to him. "You don't look as if you have been in bed for a couple of nights."  He went to each of the windows and examined the closed shutters before he answered me.  "I haven't. You wouldn't go to bed either, if you thought you would never wake up."  "Nonsense."  "Well, it's true enough. Knox, there are people following me wherever I go; they eat where I eat; if I doze in my chair they come into my dreams!" He stopped there, then he laughed a little wildly. "That last isn't sane, but it's true. There's a man across the street now, eating an apple under a lamppost."  "Suppose you _are_ under surveillance," I said. "It's annoying to have a detective following you around, but it's hardly serious. The police say now that Mr. Fleming killed himself; that was your own contention."  He leaned forward in his chair and, resting his hands on his knees, gazed at me somberly.  "Suppose I say he didn't kill himself?" slowly. "Suppose I say he was murdered? Suppose--good God--suppose I killed him myself?"  I drew back in stupefaction, but he hurried on.  "For the last two days I've been wondering--if I did it! He hadn't any weapon; I had one, his. I hated him that day; I had tried to save him, and couldn't. My God, Knox, I might have gone off my head and done it--and not remember it. There have been cases like that."  His condition was pitiable. I looked around for some whisky, but the best I could do was a little port on the sideboard. When I came back he was sitting with bent head, his forehead on his palms.  "I've thought it all out," he said painfully. "My mother had spells of emotional insanity. Perhaps I went there, without knowing it, and killed him. I can see him, in the night, when I daren't sleep, toppling over on to that table, with a bullet wound in his head, and I am in the room, and I have his revolver in my pocket!"  "You give me your word you have no conscious recollection of hearing a shot fired."  "My word before Heaven," he said fervently. "But I tell you, Knox, he had no weapon. No one came out of that room as I went in and yet he was only swaying forward, as if I had shot him one moment, and caught him as he fell, the next. I was dazed; I don't remember yet what I told the police."  The expression of fear in his eyes was terrible to see. A gust of wind shook the shutters, and he jumped almost out of his chair.  "You will have to be careful," I said. "There have been cases where men confessed murders they never committed, driven by Heaven knows what method of undermining their mental resistance. Yon expose your imagination to 'third degree' torture of your own invention, and in two days more you will be able to add full details of the crime."  "I knew you would think me crazy," he put in, a little less somberly, "but just try it once: sit in a room by yourself all day and all night, with detectives watching you; sit there and puzzle over a murder of a man you are suspected of killing; you know you felt like killing him, and you have a revolver, and he is shot. Wouldn't you begin to think as I do?"  "Wardrop," I asked, trying to fix his wavering eyes with mine, "do you own a thirty-two caliber revolver?"  "Yes."  I was startled beyond any necessity, under the circumstances. Many people have thirty-twos.  "That is, I had," he corrected himself. "It was in the leather bag that was stolen at Bellwood."  "I can relieve your mind of one thing," I said. "If your revolver was stolen with the leather bag, you had nothing to do with the murder. Fleming was shot with a thirty-two." He looked first incredulous, then relieved.  "Now, then," I pursued, "suppose Mr. Fleming had an enemy, a relentless one who would stoop to anything to compass his ruin. In his position he would be likely to have enemies. This person, let us say, knows what you carry in your grip, and steals it, taking away the funds that would have helped to keep the lid on Fleming's mismanagement for a time. In the grip is your revolver; would you know it again?"  He nodded affirmatively.  "This person--this enemy finds the revolver, pockets it and at the first opportunity, having ruined Fleming, proceeds humanely to put him out of his suffering. Is it far-fetched?"  "There were a dozen--a hundred--people who would have been glad to ruin him." His gaze wavered again suddenly. It was evident that I had renewed an old train of thought.  "For instance?" I suggested, but he was on guard again.  "You forget one thing, Knox," he said, after a moment. "There was nobody else who could have shot him: the room was empty."  "Nonsense," I replied. "Don't forget the warehouse."  "The warehouse!"  "There is no doubt in my mind that he was shot from there. He was facing the open window, sitting directly under the light, writing. A shot fired through a broken pane of one of the warehouse windows would meet every requirement of the case: the empty room, the absence of powder marks--even the fact that no shot was heard. There was a report, of course, but the noise in the club-house and the thunder-storm outside covered it."  "By George!" he exclaimed. "The warehouse, of course. I never thought of it." He was relieved, for some reason.  "It's a question now of how many people knew he was at the club, and which of them hated him enough to kill him."  "Clarkson knew it," Wardrop said, "but he didn't do it."  "Why?"  "Because it was he who came to the door of the room while the detective and you and I were inside, and called Fleming."  I pulled out my pocket-book and took out the scrap of paper which Margery had found pinned to the pillow in her father's bedroom. "Do you know what that means?" I asked, watching Wardrop's face. "That was found in Mr. Fleming's room two days after he left home. A similar scrap was found in Miss Jane Maitland's room when she disappeared. When Fleming was murdered, he was writing a letter; he said: 'The figures have followed me here.' When we know what those figures mean, Wardrop, we know why he was killed and who did it."  He shook his head hopelessly.  "I do not know," he said, and I believed him. He had got up and taken his hat, but I stopped him inside the door.  "You can help this thing in two ways," I told him. "I am going to give you something to do: you will have less time to be morbid. Find out, if you can, all about Fleming's private life in the last dozen years, especially the last three. See if there are any women mixed up in it, and try to find out something about this eleven twenty-two."  "Eleven twenty-two," he repeated, but I had not missed his change of expression when I said women.  "Also," I went on, "I want you to tell me who was with you the night you tried to break into the house at Bellwood."  He was taken completely by surprise: when he had gathered himself together his perplexity was overdone.  "With me!" he repeated. "I was alone, of course."  "I mean--the woman at the gate."  He lost his composure altogether then. I put my back against the door and waited for him to get himself in hand.  "There was a woman," I persisted, "and what is more, Wardrop, at this minute you believe she took your Russia leather bag and left a substitute."  He fell into the trap.  "But she couldn't," he quavered. "I've thought until my brain is going, and I don't see how she could have done it."  He became sullen when he saw what he had done, refused any more information, and left almost immediately.  Fred came soon after, and in the meantime I had made some notes like this:  1. Examine warehouse and yard.  2. Attempt to trace Carter.  3. See station agent at Bellwood.  4. Inquire Wardrop's immediate past.  5. Take Wardrop to Doctor Anderson, the specialist.  6. Send Margery violets.      Burton's idea of exploiting Miss Jane's disappearance began to bear fruit the next morning. I went to the office early, anxious to get my more pressing business out of the way, to have the afternoon with Burton to inspect the warehouse. At nine o'clock came a call from the morgue.  "Small woman, well dressed, gray hair?" I repeated. "I think I'll go up and see. Where was the body found?"  "In the river at Monica Station," was the reply. "There is a scar diagonally across the cheek to the corner of the mouth."  "A fresh injury?"  "No, an old scar."  With a breath of relief I said it was not the person we were seeking and tried to get down to work again. But Burton's prophecy had been right. Miss Jane had been seen in a hundred different places: one perhaps was right; which one?  A reporter for the _Eagle_ had been working on the case all night: he came in for a more detailed description of the missing woman, and he had a theory, to fit which he was quite ready to cut and trim the facts.  "It's Rowe," he said confidently. "You can see his hand in it right through. I was put on the Benson kidnapping case, you remember, the boy who was kept for three months in a deserted lumber camp in the mountains? Well, sir, every person in the Benson house swore that youngster was in bed at midnight, when the house was closed for the night. Every door and window bolted in the morning, and the boy gone. When we found Rowe--after the mother had put on mourning--and found the kid, ten pounds heavier than he had been before he was abducted, and strutting around like a turkey cock, Rowe told us that he and the boy took in the theater that night, and were there for the first act. How did he do it? He offered to take the boy to the show if he would pretend to go to bed, and then slide down a porch pillar and meet him. The boy didn't want to go home when we found him."  "There can't be any mistake about the time in this case," I commented. "I saw her myself after eleven, and said good night."  The _Eagle_ man consulted his note-book. "Oh, yes," he asked; "did she have a diagonal cut across her cheek?"  "No," I said for the second time.  My next visitor was a cabman. On the night in question he had taken a small and a very nervous old woman to the Omega ferry. She appeared excited and almost forgot to pay him. She carried a small satchel, and wore a black veil. What did she look like? She had gray hair, and she seemed to have a scar on her face that drew the corner of her mouth.  At ten o'clock I telephoned Burton: "For Heaven's sake," I said, "if anybody has lost a little old lady in a black dress, wearing a black veil, carrying a satchel, and with a scar diagonally across her cheek from her eye to her mouth, I can tell them all about her, and where she is now."  "That's funny," he said. "We're stirring up the pool and bringing up things we didn't expect. The police have been looking for that woman quietly for a week: she's the widow of a coal baron, and her son-in-law's under suspicion of making away with her."  "Well, he didn't," I affirmed. "She committed suicide from an Omega ferry boat and she's at the morgue this morning."  "Bully," he returned. "Keep on; you'll get lots of clues, and remember one will be right."  It was not until noon, however, that anything concrete developed. In the two hours between, I had interviewed seven more people. I had followed the depressing last hours of the coal baron's widow, and jumped with her, mentally, into the black river that night. I had learned of a small fairish-haired girl who had tried to buy cyanide of potassium at three drug-stores on the same street, and of a tall light woman who had taken a room for three days at a hotel and was apparently demented.  At twelve, however, my reward came. Two men walked in, almost at the same time: one was a motorman, in his official clothes, brass buttons and patches around the pockets. The other was a taxicab driver. Both had the uncertain gait of men who by occupation are unused to anything stationary under them, and each eyed the other suspiciously.  The motorman claimed priority by a nose, so I took him first into my private office. His story, shorn of his own opinions at the time and later, was as follows:  On the night in question, Thursday of the week before, he took his car out of the barn for the eleven o'clock run. Barney was his conductor. They went from the barn, at Hays Street, down-town, and then started out for Wynton. The controller blew out, and two or three things went wrong: all told they lost forty minutes. They got to Wynton at five minutes after two; their time there was one-twenty-five.  The car went to the bad again at Wynton, and he and Barney tinkered with it until two-forty. They got it in shape to go back to the barn, but that was all. Just as they were ready to start, a passenger got on, a woman, alone: a small woman with a brown veil. She wore a black dress or a suit--he was vague about everything but the color, and he noticed her especially because she was fidgety and excited. Half a block farther a man boarded the car, and sat across from the woman. Barney said afterward that the man tried twice to speak to the woman, but she looked away each time. No, he hadn't heard what he said.  The man got out when the car went into the barn, but the woman stayed on. He and Barney got another car and took it out, and the woman went with them. She made a complete round trip this time, going out to Wynton and back to the end of the line down-town. It was just daylight when she got off at last, at First and Day Streets.  Asked if he had thought at the time that the veiled woman was young or old, he said he had thought she was probably middle-aged. Very young or very old women would not put in the night riding in a street-car. Yes, he had had men who rode around a couple of times at night, mostly to sober up before they went home. But he never saw a woman do it before.  I took his name and address and thanked him. The chauffeur came next, and his story was equally pertinent.  On the night of the previous Thursday he had been engaged to take a sick woman from a down-town hotel to a house at Bellwood. The woman's husband was with her, and they went slowly to avoid jolting. It was after twelve when he drove away from the house and started home. At a corner--he did not know the names of the streets--a woman hailed the cab and asked him if he belonged in Bellwood or was going to the city. She had missed the last train. When he told her he was going into town, she promptly engaged him, and showed him where to wait for her, a narrow road off the main street.  "I waited an hour," he finished, "before she came; I dropped to sleep or I would have gone without her. About half-past one she came along, and a gentleman with her. He put her in the cab, and I took her to the city. When I saw in the paper that a lady had disappeared from Bellwood that night, I knew right off that it was my party."  "Would you know the man again?"  "I would know his voice, I expect, sir; I could not see much: he wore a slouch hat and had a traveling-bag of some kind."  "What did he say to the woman?" I asked.  "He didn't say much. Before he closed the door, he said, 'You have put me in a terrible position,' or something like that. From the traveling-bag and all, I thought perhaps it was an elopement, and the lady had decided to throw him down."  "Was it a young woman or an old one," I asked again. This time the cabby's tone was assured.  "Young," he asserted, "slim and quick: dressed in black, with a black veil. Soft voice. She got out at Market Square, and I have an idea she took a cross-town car there."  "I hardly think it was Miss Maitland," I said. "She was past sixty, and besides--I don't think she went that way. Still it is worth following up. Is that all?"  He fumbled in his pocket, and after a minute brought up a small black pocket-book and held it out to me. It was the small coin purse out of a leather hand-bag.  "She dropped this in the cab, sir," he said. "I took it home to the missus--not knowing what else to do with it. It had no money in it--only that bit of paper."  I opened the purse and took out a small white card, without engraving. On it was written in a pencil the figures:  C 1122      When the cabman had gone, I sat down and tried to think things out. As I have said many times in the course of this narrative, I lack imagination: moreover, a long experience of witnesses in court had taught me the unreliability of average observation. The very fact that two men swore to having taken solitary women away from Bellwood that night, made me doubt if either one had really seen the missing woman.  Of the two stories, the taxicab driver's was the more probable, as far as Miss Jane was concerned. Knowing her child-like nature, her timidity, her shrinking and shamefaced fear of the dark, it was almost incredible that she would walk the three miles to Wynton, voluntarily, and from there lose herself in the city. Besides, such an explanation would not fit the blood-stains, or the fact that she had gone, as far as we could find out, in her night-clothes. It is not surprising, then, that I ate little. The woman across seemed in no hurry to go. She loitered over a demi-tasse, and that finished, sat with her elbow on the table, her chin in her hand, looking darkly at the changing groups in the room.  The fun at the table where the college boys sat began to grow a little noisy; the fat man, now a purplish shade, ambled away behind his slim companion; the newspaper woman pinned on her business-like hat and stalked out. Still the woman at the next table waited.  It was a relief when the meal was over. We got our hats and were about to leave the room, when a waiter touched me on the arm.  "I beg your pardon, sir," he said, "but the lady at the table near the window, the lady in black, sir, would like to speak to you."  I looked down between the rows of tables to where the woman sat alone, her chin still resting on her hand, her black eyes still insolently staring, this time at me.  "I'll have to go," I said to McKnight hurriedly. "She knows all about that affair and she'd be a bad enemy."  "I don't like her lamps," McKnight observed, after a glance at her. "Better jolly her a little. Good-by."      I went back slowly to where the woman sat alone.  She smiled rather oddly as I drew near, and pointed to the chair Bronson had vacated.  "Sit down, Mr. Blakeley," she said, "I am going to take a few minutes of your valuable time."  "Certainly." I sat down opposite her and glanced at a cuckoo clock on the wall. "I am sorry, but I have only a few minutes. If you--" She laughed a little, not very pleasantly, and opening a small black fan covered with spangles, waved it slowly.  "The fact is," she said, "I think we are about to make a bargain."  "A bargain?" I asked incredulously. "You have a second advantage of me. You know my name"--I paused suggestively and she took the cue.  "I am Mrs. Conway," she said, and flicked a crumb off the table with an over-manicured finger.  The name was scarcely a surprise. I had already surmised that this might be the woman whom rumor credited as being Bronson's common-law wife. Rumor, I remembered, had said other things even less pleasant, things which had been brought out at Bronson's arrest for forgery.  "We met last under less fortunate circumstances," she was saying. "I have been fit for nothing since that terrible day. And you--you had a broken arm, I think."  "I still have it," I said, with a lame attempt at jocularity; "but to have escaped at all was a miracle. We have much, indeed, to be thankful for."  "I suppose we have," she said carelessly, "although sometimes I doubt it." She was looking somberly toward the door through which her late companion had made his exit.  "You sent for me--" I said.  "Yes, I sent for you." She roused herself and sat erect. "Now, Mr. Blakeley, have you found those papers?"  "The papers? What papers?" I parried. I needed time to think.  "Mr. Blakeley," she said quietly, "I think we can lay aside all subterfuge. In the first place let me refresh your mind about a few things. The Pittsburg police are looking for the survivors of the car Ontario; there are three that I know of--yourself, the young woman with whom you left the scene of the wreck, and myself. The wreck, you will admit, was a fortunate one for you."  I nodded without speaking.  "At the time of the collision you were in rather a hole," she went on, looking at me with a disagreeable smile. "You were, if I remember, accused of a rather atrocious crime. There was a lot of corroborative evidence, was there not? I seem to remember a dirk and the murdered man's pocket-book in your possession, and a few other things that were--well, rather unpleasant."  I was thrown a bit off my guard.  "You remember also," I said quickly, "that a man disappeared from the car, taking my clothes, papers and everything."  "I remember that you said so." Her tone was quietly insulting, and I bit my lip at having been caught. It was no time to make a defense.  "You have missed one calculation," I said coldly, "and that is, the discovery of the man who left the train."  "You have found him?" She bent forward, and again I regretted my hasty speech. "I knew it; I said so."  "We are going to find him," I asserted, with a confidence I did not feel. "We can produce at any time proof that a man left the Flier a few miles beyond the wreck. And we can find him, I am positive."  "But you have not found him yet?" She was clearly disappointed. "Well, so be it. Now for our bargain. You will admit that I am no fool."  I made no such admission, and she smiled mockingly.  "How flattering you are!" she said. "Very well. Now for the premises. You take to Pittsburg four notes held by the Mechanics' National Bank, to have Mr. Gilmore, who is ill, declare his indorsement of them forged.  "On the journey back to Pittsburg two things happen to you: you lose your clothing, your valise and your papers, including the notes, and you are accused of murder. In fact, Mr. Blakeley, the circumstances were most singular, and the evidence--well, almost conclusive."  I was completely at her mercy, but I gnawed my lip with irritation.  "Now for the bargain." She leaned over and lowered her voice. "A fair exchange, you know. The minute you put those four notes in my hand--that minute the blow to my head has caused complete forgetfulness as to the events of that awful morning. I am the only witness, and I will be silent. Do you understand? They will call off their dogs."  My head was buzzing with the strangeness of the idea.  "But," I said, striving to gain time, "I haven't the notes. I can't give you what I haven't got."  "You have had the case continued," she said sharply. "You expect to find them. Another thing," she added slowly, watching my face, "if you don't get them soon, Bronson will have them. They have been offered to him already, but at a prohibitive price."  "But," I said, bewildered, "what is your object in coming to me? If Bronson will get them anyhow--"  She shut her fan with a click and her face was not particularly pleasant to look at.  "You are dense," she said insolently. "I want those papers--for myself, not for Andy Bronson."  "Then the idea is," I said, ignoring her tone, "that you think you have me in a hole, and that if I find those papers and give them to you you will let me out. As I understand it, our friend Bronson, under those circumstances, will also be in a hole."  She nodded.  "The notes would be of no use to you for a limited length of time,"  I went on, watching her narrowly. "If they are not turned over to the state's attorney within a reasonable time there will have to be a nolle pros--that is, the case will simply be dropped for lack of evidence."  "A week would answer, I think," she said slowly. "You will do it, then?"  I laughed, although I was not especially cheerful.  "No, I'll not do it. I expect to come across the notes any time now, and I expect just as certainly to turn them over to the state's attorney when I get them."  She got up suddenly, pushing her chair back with a noisy grating sound that turned many eyes toward us.  "You're more of a fool than I thought you," she sneered, and left me at the table.       I confess I was staggered. The people at the surrounding tables, after glancing curiously in my direction, looked away again.  I got my hat and went out in a very uncomfortable frame of mind. That she would inform the police at once of what she knew I never doubted, unless possibly she would give a day or two's grace in the hope that I would change my mind.  I reviewed the situation as I waited for a car. Two passed me going in the opposite direction, and on the first one I saw Bronson, his hat over his eyes, his arms folded, looking moodily ahead. Was it imagination? or was the small man huddled in the corner of the rear seat Hotchkiss?  As the car rolled on I found myself smiling. The alert little man was for all the world like a terrier, ever on the scent, and scouring about in every direction.  I found McKnight at the Incubator, with his coat off, working with enthusiasm and a manicure file over the horn of his auto.  "It's the worst horn I ever ran across," he groaned, without looking up, as I came in. "The blankety-blank thing won't blow."  He punched it savagely, finally eliciting a faint throaty croak.  "Sounds like croup," I suggested. "My sister-in-law uses camphor and goose greese for it; or how about a spice poultice?"  But McKnight never sees any jokes but his own. He flung the horn clattering into a corner, and collapsed sulkily into a chair.  "Now," I said, "if you're through manicuring that horn, I'll tell you about my talk with the lady in black."  "What's wrong?" asked McKnight languidly. "Police watching her, too?"  "Not exactly. The fact is, Rich, there's the mischief to pay."  Stogie came in, bringing a few additions to our comfort. When he went out I told my story.  "You must remember," I said, "that I had seen this woman before the morning of the wreck. She was buying her Pullman ticket when I did. Then the next morning, when the murder was discovered, she grew hysterical, and I gave her some whisky. The third and last time I saw her, until to-night, was when she crouched beside the road, after the wreck."  McKnight slid down in his chair until his weight rested on the small of his back, and put his feet on the big reading table.  "It is rather a facer," he said. "It's really too good a situation for a commonplace lawyer. It ought to be dramatized. You can't agree, of course; and by refusing you run the chance of jail, at least, and of having Alison brought into publicity, which is out of the question. You say she was at the Pullman window when you were?"  "Yes; I bought her ticket for her. Gave her lower eleven."  "And you took ten?"  "Lower ten."  McKnight straightened up and looked at me.  "Then she thought you were in lower ten."  "I suppose she did, if she thought at all."  "But listen, man." McKnight was growing excited. "What do you figure out of this? The Conway woman knows you have taken the notes to Pittsburg. The probabilities are that she follows you there, on the chance of an opportunity to get them, either for Bronson or herself.  "Nothing doing during the trip over or during the day in Pittsburg; but she learns the number of your berth as you buy it at the Pullman ticket office in Pittsburg, and she thinks she sees her chance. No one could have foreseen that that drunken fellow would have crawled into your berth.  "Now, I figure it out this way: She wanted those notes desperately--does still--not for Bronson, but to hold over his head for some purpose. In the night, when everything is quiet, she slips behind the curtains of lower ten, where the man's breathing shows he is asleep. Didn't you say he snored?"  "He did!" I affirmed. "But I tell you--"  "Now keep still and listen. She gropes cautiously around in the darkness, finally discovering the wallet under the pillow. Can't you see it yourself?"  He was leaning forward, excitedly, and I could almost see the gruesome tragedy he was depicting.  "She draws out the wallet. Then, perhaps she remembers the alligator bag, and on the possibility that the notes are there, instead of in the pocket-book, she gropes around for it. Suddenly, the man awakes and clutches at the nearest object, perhaps her neck chain, which breaks. She drops the pocket-book and tries to escape, but he has caught her right hand.  "It is all in silence; the man is still stupidly drunk. But he holds her in a tight grip. Then the tragedy. She must get away; in a minute the car will be aroused. Such a woman, on such an errand, does not go without some sort of a weapon, in this case a dagger, which, unlike a revolver, is noiseless.  "With a quick thrust--she's a big woman and a bold one--she strikes. Possibly Hotchkiss is right about the left-hand blow. Harrington may have held her right hand, or perhaps she held the dirk in her left hand as she groped with her right. Then, as the man falls back, and his grasp relaxes, she straightens and attempts to get away. The swaying of the car throws her almost into your berth, and, trembling with terror, she crouches behind the curtains of lower ten until everything is still. Then she goes noiselessly back to her berth."  I nodded.  "It seems to fit partly, at least," I said. "In the morning when she found that the crime had been not only fruitless, but that she had searched the wrong berth and killed the wrong man; when she saw me emerge, unhurt, just as she was bracing herself for the discovery of my dead body, then she went into hysterics. You remember, I gave her some whisky.  "It really seems a tenable theory. But, like the Sullivan theory, there are one or two things that don't agree with the rest. For one thing, how did the remainder of that chain get into Alison West's possession?"  "She may have picked it up on the floor."  "We'll admit that," I said; "and I'm sure I hope so. Then how did the murdered man's pocket-book get into the sealskin bag? And the dirk, how account for that, and the blood-stains?"  "Now what's the use," asked McKnight aggrievedly, "of my building up beautiful theories for you to pull down? We'll take it to Hotchkiss. Maybe he can tell from the blood-stains if the murderer's finger nails were square or pointed."  "Hotchkiss is no fool," I said warmly. "Under all his theories there's a good hard layer of common sense. And we must remember, Rich, that neither of our theories includes the woman at Doctor Van Kirk's hospital, that the charming picture you have just drawn does not account for Alison West's connection with the case, or for the bits of telegram in the Sullivan fellow's pajamas pocket. You are like the man who put the clock together; you've got half of the works left over."  "Oh, go home," said McKnight disgustedly. "I'm no Edgar Allan Poe. What's the use of coming here and asking me things if you're so particular?"  With one of his quick changes of mood, he picked up his guitar.  "Listen to this," he said. "It is a Hawaiian song about a fat lady, oh, ignorant one! and how she fell off her mule."  But for all the lightness of the words, the voice that followed me down the stairs was anything but cheery.       "There was a Kanaka in Balu did dwell,      Who had for his daughter a monstrous fat girl--  he sang in his clear tenor. I paused on the lower floor and listened. He had stopped singing as abruptly as he had begun.       I had not been home for thirty-six hours, since the morning of the preceding day. Johnson was not in sight, and I let myself in quietly with my latchkey. It was almost midnight, and I had hardly settled myself in the library when the bell rang and I was surprised to find Hotchkiss, much out of breath, in the vestibule.  "Why, come in, Mr. Hotchkiss," I said. "I thought you were going home to go to bed."  "So I was, so I was." He dropped into a chair beside my reading lamp and mopped his face. "And here it is almost midnight, and I'm wider awake than ever. I've seen Sullivan, Mr. Blakeley."  "You have!"  "I have," he said impressively.  "You were following Bronson at eight o'clock. Was that when it happened?"  "Something of the sort. When I left you at the door of the restaurant, I turned and almost ran into a plain clothes man from the central office. I know him pretty well; once or twice he has taken me with him on interesting bits of work. He knows my hobby."  "You know him, too, probably. It was the man Arnold, the detective whom the state's attorney has had watching Bronson."  Johnson being otherwise occupied, I had asked for Arnold myself.  I nodded.  "Well, he stopped me at once; said he'd been on the fellow's tracks since early morning and had had no time for luncheon. Bronson, it seems, isn't eating much these days. I at once jotted down the fact, because it argued that he was being bothered by the man with the notes."  "It might point to other things," I suggested. "Indigestion, you know."  Hotchkiss ignored me. "Well, Arnold had some reason for thinking that Bronson would try to give him the slip that night, so he asked me to stay around the private entrance there while he ran across the Street and got something to eat. It seemed a fair presumption that, as he had gone there with a lady, they would dine leisurely, and Arnold would have plenty of time to get back."  "What about your own dinner?" I asked curiously.  "Sir," he said pompously, "I have given you a wrong estimate of Wilson Budd Hotchkiss if you think that a question of dinner would even obtrude itself on his mind at such a time as this."  He was a frail little man, and to-night he looked pale with heat and over-exertion.  "Did you have any luncheon?" I asked.  He was somewhat embarrassed at that.  "I--really, Mr. Blakeley, the events of the day were so engrossing--"  "Well," I said, "I'm not going to see you drop on the floor from exhaustion. Just wait a minute."  I went back to the pantry, only to be confronted with rows of locked doors and empty dishes. Downstairs, in the basement kitchen, however, I found two unattractive looking cold chops, some dry bread and a piece of cake, wrapped in a napkin, and from its surreptitious and generally hang-dog appearance, destined for the coachman in the stable at the rear. Trays there were none--everything but the chairs and tables seemed under lock and key, and there was neither napkin, knife nor fork to be found.  The luncheon was not attractive in appearance, but Hotchkiss ate his cold chops and gnawed at the crusts as though he had been famished, while he told his story.  "I had been there only a few minutes," he said, with a chop in one hand and the cake in the other, "when Bronson rushed out and cut across the street. He's a tall man, Mr. Blakeley, and I had had work keeping close. It was a relief when he jumped on a passing car, although being well behind, it was a hard run for me to catch him. He had left the lady.  "Once on the car, we simply rode from one end of the line to the other and back again. I suppose he was passing the time, for he looked at his watch now and then, and when I did once get a look at us face it made me--er--uncomfortable. He could have crushed me like a fly, sir."  I had brought Mr. Hotchkiss a glass of wine, and he was looking better. He stopped to finish it, declining with a wave of his hand to have it refilled, and continued:  "About nine o'clock or a little later he got off somewhere near Washington Circle. He went along one of the residence streets there, turned to his left a square or two, and rang a bell. He had been admitted when I got there, but I guessed from the appearance of the place that it was a boarding-house.  "I waited a few minutes and rang the bell. When a maid answered it, I asked for Mr. Sullivan. Of course there was no Mr. Sullivan there.  "I said I was sorry; that the man I was looking for was a new boarder. Perhaps I was growing suspicious of every one, but it seemed to me that Gertrude's gaiety was forced and artificial.  I watched her covertly during the rest of the drive, and I did not like the two spots of crimson in her pale cheeks.  But I said nothing more about sending her to Scotland: I knew she would not go.     That day was destined to be an eventful one, for when I entered the house and found Eliza ensconced in the upper hall on a chair, with Mary Anne doing her best to stifle her with household ammonia, and Liddy rubbing her wrists--whatever good that is supposed to do--I knew that the ghost had been walking again, and this time in daylight.  Eliza was in a frenzy of fear.  She clutched at my sleeve when I went close to her, and refused to let go until she had told her story. Coming just after the fire, the household was demoralized, and it was no surprise to me to find Alex and the under-gardener struggling down-stairs with a heavy trunk between them.  "I didn't want to do it, Miss Innes," Alex said.  "But she was so excited, I was afraid she would do as she said--drag it down herself, and scratch the staircase."  I was trying to get my bonnet off and to keep the maids quiet at the same time.  "Now, Eliza, when you have washed your face and stopped bawling," I said, "come into my sitting-room and tell me what has happened."  Liddy put away my things without speaking.  The very set of her shoulders expressed disapproval.  "Well," I said, when the silence became uncomfortable, "things seem to be warming up."  Silence from Liddy, and a long sigh.  "If Eliza goes, I don't know where to look for another cook." More silence.  "Rosie is probably a good cook."  Sniff.  "Liddy," I said at last, "don't dare to deny that you are having the time of your life.  You positively gloat in this excitement. You never looked better.  It's my opinion all this running around, and getting jolted out of a rut, has stirred up that torpid liver of yours."  "It's not myself I'm thinking about," she said, goaded into speech. "Maybe my liver was torpid, and maybe it wasn't; but I know this: I've got some feelings left, and to see you standing at the foot of that staircase shootin' through the door--I'll never be the same woman again."  "Well, I'm glad of that--anything for a change," I said.  And in came Eliza, flanked by Rosie and Mary Anne.  Her story, broken with sobs and corrections from the other two, was this:  At two o'clock (two-fifteen, Rosie insisted) she had gone up-stairs to get a picture from her room to show Mary Anne. (A picture of a LADY, Mary Anne interposed.)  She went up the servants' staircase and along the corridor to her room, which lay between the trunk-room and the unfinished ball-room.  She heard a sound as she went down the corridor, like some one moving furniture, but she was not nervous.  She thought it might be men examining the house after the fire the night before, but she looked in the trunk-room and saw nobody.  She went into her room quietly.  The noise had ceased, and everything was quiet.  Then she sat down on the side of her bed, and, feeling faint--she was subject to spells--("I told you that when I came, didn't I, Rosie?"  "Yes'm, indeed she did!")--she put her head down on her pillow and--  "Took a nap.  All right!" I said.  "Go on."  "When I came to, Miss Innes, sure as I'm sittin' here, I thought I'd die.  Somethin' hit me on the face, and I set up, sudden. And then I seen the plaster drop, droppin' from a little hole in the wall.  And the first thing I knew, an iron bar that long" (fully two yards by her measure) "shot through that hole and tumbled on the bed.  If I'd been still sleeping"  ("Fainting," corrected Rosie) "I'd 'a' been hit on the head and killed!"  "I wisht you'd heard her scream," put in Mary Anne.  "And her face as white as a pillow-slip when she tumbled down the stairs."  "No doubt there is some natural explanation for it, Eliza," I said. "You may have dreamed it, in your 'fainting' attack.  But if it is true, the metal rod and the hole in the wall will show it."  Eliza looked a little bit sheepish.  "The hole's there all right, Miss Innes," she said.  "But the bar was gone when Mary Anne and Rosie went up to pack my trunk."  "That wasn't all," Liddy's voice came funereally from a corner. "Eliza said that from the hole in the wall a burning eye looked down at her!"  "The wall must be at least six inches thick," I said with asperity. "Unless the person who drilled the hole carried his eyes on the ends of a stick, Eliza couldn't possibly have seen them."  But the fact remained, and a visit to Eliza's room proved it.  I might jeer all I wished: some one had drilled a hole in the unfinished wall of the ball-room, passing between the bricks of the partition, and shooting through the unresisting plaster of Eliza's room with such force as to send the rod flying on to her bed.  I had gone up-stairs alone, and I confess the thing puzzled me: in two or three places in the wall small apertures had been made, none of them of any depth.  Not the least mysterious thing was the disappearance of the iron implement that had been used.  I remembered a story I read once about an impish dwarf that lived in the spaces between the double walls of an ancient castle.  I wondered vaguely if my original idea of a secret entrance to a hidden chamber could be right, after all, and if we were housing some erratic guest, who played pranks on us in the dark, and destroyed the walls that he might listen, hidden safely away, to our amazed investigations.  Mary Anne and Eliza left that afternoon, but Rosie decided to stay.  It was about five o'clock when the hack came from the station to get them, and, to my amazement, it had an occupant. Matthew Geist, the driver, asked for me, and explained his errand with pride.  "I've brought you a cook, Miss Innes," he said.  "When the message came to come up for two girls and their trunks, I supposed there was something doing, and as this here woman had been looking for work in the village, I thought I'd bring her along."  Already I had acquired the true suburbanite ability to take servants on faith; I no longer demanded written and unimpeachable references.  I, Rachel Innes, have learned not to mind if the cook sits down comfortably in my sitting-room when she is taking the orders for the day, and I am grateful if the silver is not cleaned with scouring soap. And so that day I merely told Liddy to send the new applicant in.  When she came, however, I could hardly restrain a gasp of surprise.  It was the woman with the pitted face.  She stood somewhat awkwardly just inside the door, and she had an air of self-confidence that was inspiring.  Yes, she could cook; was not a fancy cook, but could make good soups and desserts if there was any one to take charge of the salads.  And so, in the end, I took her.  As Halsey said, when we told him, it didn't matter much about the cook's face, if it was clean.  I have spoken of Halsey's restlessness.  On that day it seemed to be more than ever a resistless impulse that kept him out until after luncheon.  I think he hoped constantly that he might meet Louise driving over the hills in her runabout: possibly he did meet her occasionally, but from his continued gloom I felt sure the situation between them was unchanged.  Part of the afternoon I believe he read--Gertrude and I were out, as I have said, and at dinner we both noticed that something had occurred to distract him.  He was disagreeable, which is unlike him, nervous, looking at his watch every few minutes, and he ate almost nothing.  He asked twice during the meal on what train Mr. Jamieson and the other detective were coming, and had long periods of abstraction during which he dug his fork into my damask cloth and did not hear when he was spoken to.  He refused dessert, and left the table early, excusing himself on the ground that he wanted to see Alex.  Alex, however, was not to be found.  It was after eight when Halsey ordered the car, and started down the hill at a pace that, even for him, was unusually reckless.  Shortly after, Alex reported that he was ready to go over the house, preparatory to closing it for the night. Sam Bohannon came at a quarter before nine, and began his patrol of the grounds, and with the arrival of the two detectives to look forward to, I was not especially apprehensive.  At half-past nine I heard the sound of a horse driven furiously up the drive.  It came to a stop in front of the house, and immediately after there were hurried steps on the veranda.  Our nerves were not what they should have been, and Gertrude, always apprehensive lately, was at the door almost instantly.  A moment later Louise had burst into the room and stood there bareheaded and breathing hard!  "Where is Halsey?" she demanded.  Above her plain black gown her eyes looked big and somber, and the rapid drive had brought no color to her face.  I got up and drew forward a chair.  "He has not come back," I said quietly.  "Sit down, child; you are not strong enough for this kind of thing."  I don't think she even heard me.  "He has not come back?" she asked, looking from me to Gertrude. "Do you know where he went?  Where can I find him?"  "For Heaven's sake, Louise," Gertrude burst out, "tell us what is wrong.  Halsey is not here.  He has gone to the station for Mr. Jamieson.  What has happened?"  "To the station, Gertrude?  You are sure?"  "Yes," I said.  "Listen.  There is the whistle of the train now."  She relaxed a little at our matter-of-fact tone, and allowed herself to sink into a chair.  "Perhaps I was wrong," she said heavily.  "He--will be here in a few moments if--everything is right."  We sat there, the three of us, without attempt at conversation. Both Gertrude and I recognized the futility of asking Louise any questions: her reticence was a part of a role she had assumed. Our ears were strained for the first throb of the motor as it turned into the drive and commenced the climb to the house.  Ten minutes passed, fifteen, twenty.  I saw Louise's hands grow rigid as they clutched the arms of her chair.  I watched Gertrude's bright color slowly ebbing away, and around my own heart I seemed to feel the grasp of a giant hand.  Twenty-five minutes, and then a sound.  But it was not the chug of the motor: it was the unmistakable rumble of the Casanova hack.  Gertrude drew aside the curtain and peered into the darkness.  "It's the hack, I am sure," she said, evidently relieved. "Something has gone wrong with the car, and no wonder--the way Halsey went down the hill."  It seemed a long time before the creaking vehicle came to a stop at the door.  Louise rose and stood watching, her hand to her throat.  And then Gertrude opened the door, admitting Mr. Jamieson and a stocky, middle-aged man.  Halsey was not with them.  When the door had closed and Louise realized that Halsey had not come, her expression changed. From tense watchfulness to relief, and now again to absolute despair, her face was an open page.  "Halsey?" I asked unceremoniously, ignoring the stranger.  "Did he not meet you?"  "No."  Mr. Jamieson looked slightly surprised.  "I rather expected the car, but we got up all right."  "You didn't see him at all?" Louise demanded breathlessly.  Mr. Jamieson knew her at once, although he had not seen her before. She had kept to her rooms until the morning she left.  "No, Miss Armstrong," he said.  "I saw nothing of him.  What is wrong?"  "Then we shall have to find him," she asserted.  "Every instant is precious.  Mr. Jamieson, I have reason for believing that he is in danger, but I don't know what it is.  Only--he must be found."  The stocky man had said nothing.  Now, however, he went quickly toward the door.  "I'll catch the hack down the road and hold it," he said.  "Is the gentleman down in the town?"  "Mr. Jamieson," Louise said impulsively, "I can use the hack. Take my horse and trap outside and drive like mad.  Try to find the Dragon Fly--it ought to be easy to trace.  I can think of no other way.  Only, don't lose a moment."  The new detective had gone, and a moment later Jamieson went rapidly down the drive, the cob's feet striking fire at every step.  Louise stood looking after them.  When she turned around she faced Gertrude, who stood indignant, almost tragic, in the hall.  "You KNOW what threatens Halsey, Louise," she said accusingly.  "I believe you know this whole horrible thing, this mystery that we are struggling with.  If anything happens to Halsey, I shall never forgive you."  Louise only raised her hands despairingly and dropped them again.  "He is as dear to me as he is to you," she said sadly.  "I tried to warn him."  "Nonsense!" I said, as briskly as I could.  "We are making a lot of trouble out of something perhaps very small.  Halsey was probably late--he is always late.  Any moment we may hear the car coming up the road."  But it did not come.  After a half-hour of suspense, Louise went out quietly, and did not come back.  I hardly knew she was gone until I heard the station hack moving off.  At eleven o'clock the telephone rang.  It was Mr. Jamieson.  "I have found the Dragon Fly, Miss Innes," he said.  "It has collided with a freight car on the siding above the station.  No, Mr. Innes was not there, but we shall probably find him.  Send Warner for the car."  But they did not find him.  At four o'clock the next morning we were still waiting for news, while Alex watched the house and Sam the grounds.  At daylight I dropped into exhausted sleep. Halsey had not come back, and there was no word from the detective.     Nothing that had gone before had been as bad as this.  The murder and Thomas' sudden death we had been able to view in a detached sort of way.  But with Halsey's disappearance everything was altered.  Our little circle, intact until now, was broken.  We were no longer onlookers who saw a battle passing around them. We were the center of action.  Of course, there was no time then to voice such an idea.  My mind seemed able to hold only one thought: that Halsey had been foully dealt with, and that every minute lost might be fatal.  Mr. Jamieson came back about eight o'clock the next morning: he was covered with mud, and his hat was gone.  Altogether, we were a sad-looking trio that gathered around a breakfast that no one could eat.  Over a cup of black coffee the detective told us what he had learned of Halsey's movements the night before. Up to a certain point the car had made it easy enough to follow him.  And I gathered that Mr. Burns, the other detective, had followed a similar car for miles at dawn, only to find it was a touring car on an endurance run.  "He left here about ten minutes after eight," Mr. Jamieson said. "He went alone, and at eight twenty he stopped at Doctor Walker's.  I went to the doctor's about midnight, but he had been called out on a case, and had not come back at four o'clock. From the doctor's it seems Mr. Innes walked across the lawn to the cottage Mrs. Armstrong and her daughter have taken.  Mrs. Armstrong had retired, and he said perhaps a dozen words to Miss Louise.  She will not say what they were, but the girl evidently suspects what has occurred.  That is, she suspects foul play, but she doesn't know of what nature.  Then, apparently, he started directly for the station.  He was going very fast--the flagman at the Carol Street crossing says he saw the car pass.  He knew the siren.  Along somewhere in the dark stretch between Carol Street and the depot he evidently swerved suddenly--perhaps some one in the road--and went full into the side of a freight.  We found it there last night."  "He might have been thrown under the train by the force of the shock," I said tremulously.  Gertrude shuddered.  "We examined every inch of track.  There was--no sign."  "But surely--he can't be--gone!" I cried.  "Aren't there traces in the mud--anything?"  "There is no mud--only dust.  There has been no rain.  And the footpath there is of cinders.  Miss Innes, I am inclined to think that he has met with bad treatment, in the light of what has gone before.  I do not think he has been murdered."  I shrank from the word.  "Burns is back in the country, on a clue we got from the night clerk at the drug-store.  There will be two more men here by noon, and the city office is on the lookout."  "The creek?" Gertrude asked.  "The creek is shallow now.  If it were swollen with rain, it would be different.  There is hardly any water in it.  Now, Miss Innes," he said, turning to me, "I must ask you some questions. Had Mr. Halsey any possible reason for going away like this, without warning?"  "None whatever."  "He went away once before," he persisted.  "And you were as sure then."  "He did not leave the Dragon Fly jammed into the side of a freight car before."  "No, but he left it for repairs in a blacksmith shop, a long distance from here.  Do you know if he had any enemies?  Any one who might wish him out of the way?"  "Not that I know of, unless--no, I can not think of any."  "Was he in the habit of carrying money?"  "He never carried it far.  No, he never had more than enough for current expenses."  Mr. Jamieson got up then and began to pace the room.  It was an unwonted concession to the occasion.  "Then I think we get at it by elimination.  The chances are against flight.  If he was hurt, we find no trace of him.  It looks almost like an abduction.  This young Doctor Walker--have you any idea why Mr. Innes should have gone there last night?"  "I can not understand it," Gertrude said thoughtfully.  "I don't think he knew Doctor Walker at all, and--their relations could hardly have been cordial, under the circumstances."  Jamieson pricked up his ears, and little by little he drew from us the unfortunate story of Halsey's love affair, and the fact that Louise was going to marry Doctor Walker.  Mr. Jamieson listened attentively.  "There are some interesting developments here," he said thoughtfully. "The woman who claims to be the mother of Lucien Wallace has not come back.  Your nephew has apparently been spirited away.  There is an organized attempt being made to enter this house; in fact, it has been entered.  Witness the incident with the cook yesterday.  And I have a new piece of information."  He looked carefully away from Gertrude.  "Mr. John Bailey is not at his Knickerbocker apartments, and I don't know where he is. It's a hash, that's what it is.  It's a Chinese puzzle.  They won't fit together, unless--unless Mr. Bailey and your nephew have again--"  And once again Gertrude surprised me.  "They are not together," she said hotly.  "I--know where Mr. Bailey is, and my brother is not with him."  The detective turned and looked at her keenly.  "Miss Gertrude," he said, "if you and Miss Louise would only tell me everything you know and surmise about this business, I should be able to do a great many things.  I believe I could find your brother, and I might be able to--well, to do some other things."  But Gertrude's glance did not falter. Vail's and through the bathroom. Mr. Turner was in bed, fully dressed.  I could not rouse him.  Like the mate, he had been drinking.  The mate had roused the crew, and they gathered in the chart-room. I told them what had happened, and that the murderer must be among us.  I suggested that they stay together, and that they submit to being searched for weapons.  They went on deck in a body, and I roused the women and told them. Mrs. Turner asked me to tell the two maids, who slept in a cabin off the chartroom.  I found their door unlocked, and, receiving no answer, opened it.  Karen Hansen, the lady's-maid, was on the floor, dead, with her skull crushed in.  The stewardess, Henrietta Sloane, was fainting in her bunk.  An axe had been hurled through the doorway as the Hansen woman fell, and was found in the stewardess's bunk.  Dawn coming by that time, I suggested a guard at the two companionways, and this was done.  The men were searched and all weapons taken from them.  Mr. Singleton was under suspicion, it being known that he had threatened the captain's life, and Oleson, a lookout, claiming to have seen him forward where the axe was kept.  The crew insisted that Singleton be put in irons.  He made no objection, and we locked him in his own room in the forward house. Owing to the loss of Schwartz, the second mate, already recorded in this log-book (see entry for August ninth), the death of the captain, and the imprisonment of the first mate, the ship was left without officers.  Until Mr. Turner could make an arrangement, the crew nominated Burns, one of themselves, as mate, and asked me to assume command.  I protested that I knew nothing of navigation, but agreed on its being represented that, as I was not one of them, there could be ill feeling.  The ship was searched, on the possibility of finding a stowaway in the hold.  But nothing was found.  I divided the men into two watches, Burns taking one and I the other.  We nailed up the after companionway, and forbade any member of the crew to enter the after house.  The forecastle was also locked, the men bringing their belongings on deck. The stewardess recovered and told her story, which, in her own writing, will be added to this record.  The bodies of the dead were brought on deck and sewed into canvas, and later, with appropriate services, placed in the jolly-boat, it being the intention, later on, to tow the boat behind us.  Mr. Turner insisted that the bodies be buried at sea, and, on the crew opposing this, retired to his cabin, announcing that he considered the position of the men a mutiny.  Some feeling having arisen among the women of the party that I might know more of the crimes than was generally supposed, having been in the after house at the time they were committed, and having no references, I this afternoon voluntarily surrendered myself to Burns, acting first mate.  The men, however, refused to accept this surrender, only two, Adams and McNamara, favoring it.  I expect to give myself up to the police at the nearest port, until the matter is thoroughly probed.  The axe is locked in the captain's cabin.                   (Signed) RALPH LESLIE.                           John Robert Burns                           Charles Klineordlinger (Jones)                           William McNamara             Witnesses     Carl L. Clarke                           Joseph Q. Adams                           John Oleson                           Tom MacKenzie                           Obadiah Williams      Williams came up on deck late that afternoon, with a scared face, and announced that Mr. Turner had locked himself in his cabin, and was raving in delirium on the other side of the door.  I sent Burns down having decided, in view of Mrs. Johns's accusation, to keep away from the living quarters of the family.  Burns's report corroborated what Williams had said.  Turner was in the grip of delirium tremens, and the Ella was without owner or officers.  Turner refused to open either door for us.  As well as we could make out, he was moving rapidly but almost noiselessly up and down the room, muttering to himself, now and then throwing himself on the bed, only to get up at once.  He rang his bell a dozen times, and summoned Williams, only, in reply to the butler's palpitating knock, to stand beyond the door and refuse to open it or to voice any request.  The situation became so urgent that finally I was forced to go down, with no better success.  Mrs. Turner dragged herself across, on the state of affairs being reported to her, and, after two or three abortive attempts, succeeded in getting a reply from him.  "Marsh!" she called.  "I want to talk to you.  Let me in."  "They'll get us," he said craftily.  "Us?  Who is with you?"  "Vail," he replied promptly.  "He's here talking.  He won't let me sleep."  "Tell him to give you the key and you will keep it for him so no one can get him," I prompted.  I had had some experience with such cases in the hospital.  She tried it without any particular hope, but it succeeded immediately. He pushed the key out under the door, and almost at once we heard him throw himself on the bed, as if satisfied that the problem of his security was solved.  Mrs. Turner held the key out to me, but I would not take it.  "Give it to Williams," I said.  "You must understand, Mrs. Turner, that I cannot take it."  She was a woman of few words, and after a glance at my determined face she turned to the butler.  "You will have to look after Mr. Turner, Williams.  See that he is comfortable, and try to keep him in bed."  Williams put out a trembling hand, but, before he took the key, Turner's voice rose petulantly on the other side of the door.  "For God's sake, Wilmer," he cried plaintively, "get out and let me sleep  I haven't slept for a month."  Williams gave a whoop of fear, and ran out of the cabin, crying that the ship was haunted and that Vail had come back.  From that moment, I believe, the after house was the safest spot on the ship. To my knowledge, no member of the crew so much as passed it on the starboard side, where Vail's and Turner's cabins were situated.  It was the one good turn the owner of the Ella did us on that hideous return journey; for, during most of the sixteen days that it took us to get back, he lay in his cabin, alternating the wild frenzy of delirium tremens with quieter moments when he glared at us with crafty, murderous eyes, and picked incessantly at the bandages that tied him down.  Not an instant did he sleep, that we could discover; and always, day or night, Vail was with him, and they were quarreling. The four women took care of him as best they could.  For a time they gave him the bromides I prepared, taking my medical knowledge without question.  In the horror of the situation, curiosity had no place, and class distinctions were forgotten.  That great leveler, a common trouble, put Henrietta Sloane, the stewardess, and the women of the party at the same table in the after house, where none ate, and placed the responsibility for the ship, although, I was nominally in command, on the shoulders of all the men.  And there sprang up among them a sort of esprit de corps, curious under the circumstances, and partly explained, perhaps, by the belief that in imprisoning Singleton they had the murderer safely in hand. What they thought of Turner's possible connection with the crime, I do not know.  Personally, I was convinced that Turner was guilty.  Perhaps, lulled into a false security by the incarceration of the two men, we unconsciously relaxed our vigilance.  But by the first night the crew were somewhat calmer.  Here and there a pipe was lighted, and a plug of tobacco went the rounds.  The forecastle supper, served on deck, was eaten; and Charlie Jones, securing a permission that I thought it best to grant, went forward and painted a large black cross on the side of the jolly-boat, and below it the date, August 13, 1911.  The crew watched in respectful silence.  The weather was in our favor, the wind on our quarter, a blue sky heaped with white cloud masses, with the sunset fringed with the deepest rose.  The Ella made no great way, but sailed easily.  Burns and I alternated at the forward companionway, and, although the men were divided into watches, the entire crew was on duty virtually all the time.  I find, on consulting the book in which I recorded, beginning with that day, the incidents of the return voyage, that two things happened that evening.  One was my interview with Singleton; the other was my curious and depressing clash with Elsa Lee, on the deck that night.  Turner being quiet and Burns on watch at the beginning of the second dog watch, six o'clock, I went forward to the room where Singleton was imprisoned.  Burns gave me the key, and advised me to take a weapon.  I did not, however, nor was it needed.  The first mate was sitting on the edge of his bunk, in his attitude of the morning, his head in his hands.  As I entered, he looked up and nodded.  His color was still bad; he looked ill and nervous, as might have been expected after his condition the night before.  "For God's sake, Leslie," he said, "tell them to open the window. I'm choking!"  He was right: the room was stifling.  I opened the door behind me, and stood in the doorway, against a rush for freedom.  But he did not move. He sank back into his dejected attitude.  "Will you eat some soup, if I send it?"  He shook his head.  "Is there anything you care for?"  "Better let me starve; I'm gone, anyhow."  "Singleton," I said, "I wish you would tell me about last night. If you did it, we've got you.  If you didn't, you'd better let me take your own account of what happened, while it's fresh in your mind.  Or, better still, write it yourself."  He held out his right hand.  I saw that it was shaking violently.  "Couldn't hold a pen," he said tersely.  "Wouldn't be believed, anyhow."  The air being somewhat better, I closed and locked the door again, and, coming in, took out my notebook and pencil.  He watched me craftily. "You can write it," he said, "if you'll give it to me to keep.  I'm not going to put the rope around my own neck.  If it's all right, my lawyers will use it.  If it isn't--"  He shrugged his shoulders.  I had never liked the man, and his tacit acknowledgment that he might incriminate himself made me eye him with shuddering distaste. But I took down his story, and reproduce it here, minus the technicalities and profanity with which it was interlarded.  Briefly, Singleton's watch began at midnight.  The captain, who had been complaining of lumbago, had had the cook prepare him a mustard poultice, and had retired early.  Burns was on watch from eight to twelve, and, on coming into the forward house at a quarter after eleven o'clock to eat his night lunch, reported to Singleton that the captain was in bed and that Mr. Turner had been asking for him. Singleton, therefore, took his cap and went on deck.  This was about twenty minutes after eleven.  He had had a drink or two earlier in the evening, and he took another in his cabin when he got his cap.  He found Turner in the chart-house, playing solitaire and drinking. He was alone, and he asked Singleton to join him.  The first mate looked at his watch and accepted the invitation, but decided to look around the forward house to be sure the captain was asleep.  He went on deck. He could hear Burns and the lookout talking.  The forward house was dark.  He listened outside the captain's door, and heard him breathing heavily, as if asleep.  He stood there for a moment. He had an uneasy feeling that some one was watching him.  He thought of Schwartz, and was uncomfortable.  He did not feel the whiskey at all.  He struck a light and looked around.  There was no one in sight. He could hear Charlie Jones in the forecastle drumming on his banjo, and Burns whistling the same tune as he went aft to strike the bell. (It was the duty of the officer on watch to strike the hour.)  It was then half after eleven.  As he passed the captain's door again, his foot struck something, and it fell to the floor.  He was afraid the captain had been roused, and stood still until he heard him breathing regularly again.  Then he stooped down.  His foot had struck an axe upright against the captain's door, and had knocked it down.  The axe belonged on the outer wall of the forward house.  It was a rule that it must not be removed from its place except in emergency, and the first mate carried it out and leaned it against the forward port corner of the after house when he went below.  Later, on his watch, he carried it forward and put it where it belonged.  He found Turner waiting on deck, and together they descended to the chart-room.  He was none too clear as to what followed.  They drank together.  Vail tried to get Turner to bed, and failed.  He believed that Burns had called the captain.  The captain had ordered him to the deck, and there had been a furious quarrel.  He felt ill by that time, and, when he went on watch at midnight, Burns was uncertain about leaving him.  He was not intoxicated, he maintained, until after half-past one.  He was able to strike the bell without difficulty, and spoke, each time he went aft, to Charlie Jones, who was at the wheel.  After that, however, he suddenly felt strange.  He thought he had been doped, and told the helmsman so.  He asked Jones to strike the bell for him, and, going up on the forecastle head, lay down on the boards and fell asleep.  He did not waken until he heard six bells struck--three o'clock.  And, before he had fully roused, I had called him.  "Then," I said, "when the lookout saw you with the axe, you were replacing it?"  "Yes."  "The lookout says you were not on deck between two and three o'clock."  "How does he know?  I was asleep."  "You had threatened to get the captain."  "I had a revolver; I didn't need to use an axe."  Much as I disliked the man, I was inclined to believe his story, although I thought he was keeping something back.  I leaned forward.  "Singleton," I said, "if you didn't do it, and I want to think you did not,--who did?"  He shrugged his shoulders.  "We have women aboard.  We ought to know what precautions to take."  "I wasn't the only man on deck that night.  Burns was about, and he had a quarrel with the Hansen woman.  Jones was at the wheel, too. Why don't you lock up Jones?"  "We are all under suspicion," I admitted.  "But you had threatened the captain."  "I never threatened the girl, or Mr. Vail."  I had no answer to this, and we both fell silent.  Singleton was the first to speak:--  "How are you going to get back?  The men can sail a course, but who is to lay it out?  Turner?  No Turner ever knew anything about a ship but what it made for him."  "Turner is sick.  Look here, Singleton, you want to get back as much as we do, or more.  Wouldn't you be willing to lay a course, if you were taken out once a day?  Burns is doing it, but he doesn't pretend to know much about it, and--we have the bodies."  But he turned ugly again, and refused to help unless he was given his freedom, and that I knew the crew would not agree to.  "You'll be sick enough before you get back!" he snarled.      With the approach of night our vigilance was doubled.  There was no thought of sleep among the crew, and, with the twilight, there was a distinct return of the terror of the morning.  Gathered around the wheel, the crew listened while Jones read evening prayer.  Between the two houses, where the deck was roped off, Miss Lee was alone, pacing back and-forward, her head bent, her arms dropped listlessly.  The wind had gone, and the sails hung loose over our heads.  I stood by the port rail.  Although my back was toward Miss Lee, I was conscious of her every movement; and so I knew when she stooped under the rope and moved lightly toward the starboard rail.  Quick as she was, I was quicker.  There was still light enough to see her face as she turned when I called to her:  "Miss Lee  You must not leave the rope."  "Must not?"  "I am sorry to seem arbitrary.  It is for your own safety."  I was crossing the deck toward her as I spoke.  I knew what she was going to do.  I believe, when she saw my face, that she read my knowledge in it.  She turned back from the rail and faced me.  "Surely I may go to the rail!"  "It would be unwise, if for no other reason than discipline."  "Discipline! Are you trying to discipline me?"  "Miss Lee, you do not seem to understand," I said, as patiently as I could.  "Just now I am in charge of the Ella.  It does not matter how unfit I am--the fact remains.  Nor does it concern me that your brother-in-law owns the ship.  I am in charge of it, and, God willing, there will be no more crimes on it.  You will go back to the part of the deck that is reserved for you, or you will go below and stay there."  She flushed with anger, and stood there with her head thrown back, eyeing me with a contempt that cut me to the quick.  The next moment she wheeled and, raising her hand, flung toward the rail the key to the storeroom door.  I caught her hand--too late.  But fate was on my side, after all.  As I stood, still gripping her wrist, the key fell ringing almost at my feet.  It had struck one of the lower yard braces.  I stooped, and, picking it up, pocketed it.  She was dazed, I think.  She made no effort to free her arm, but she put her other hand to her heart unexpectedly, and I saw that she was profoundly shocked.  I led her, unprotesting, to a deck-chair, and put her down in it; and still she had not spoken: She lay back and closed her eyes.  She was too strong to faint; she was superbly healthy.  But she knew as well as I did what that key meant, and she had delivered it into my hands.  As for me, I was driven hard that night; for, as I stood there looking down at her, she held out her hand to me, palm up.  "Please!" she said pleadingly.  "What does it mean to you, Leslie? We were kind to you, weren't we?  When you were ill, we took you on, my sister and I, and now you hate us."  "Hate you!"  "He didn't know what he was doing.  He wasn't sane.  No sane man kills--that way.  He had a revolver, if he had wanted--Please give me that key!"  "Some one will suffer.  Would you have the innocent suffer with the guilty?"  "If they cannot prove it against any one--"  "They may prove it against me."  "You!"  "I was in the after house," I said doggedly.  "I was the one to raise an alarm and to find the bodies.  You do not know anything about me.  I am--'Elsa's jail-bird'!"  "Who told you that?"  "It does not matter--I know it.  I told you the truth, Miss Elsa; I came here from the hospital.  But I may have to fight for my life. Against the Turner money and influence, I have only--this key. Shall I give it to you?"  I held it out to her on the palm of my hand.  It was melodramatic, probably; but I was very young, and by that time wildly in love with her.  I thought, for a moment, that she would take it; but she only drew a deep breath and pushed my hand away.  "Keep it," she said.  "I am ashamed."  We were silent after that, she staring out over the rail at the deepening sky; and, looking at her as one looks at a star, I thought she had forgotten my presence, so long she sat silent. When I had gathered up my nerves again, I found it had been the bulb of a swinging electric light, and that had it not been for the accident, I might have starved to death in an illuminated sepulcher.  I must have dozed off.  I am sure I did not faint.  I was never more composed in my life.  I remember planning, if I were not discovered, who would have my things.  I knew Liddy would want my heliotrope poplin, and she's a fright in lavender.  Once or twice I heard mice in the partitions, and so I sat on the table, with my feet on the chair. I imagined I could hear the search going on through the house, and once some one came into the trunk-room; I could distinctly hear footsteps.  "In the chimney!  In the chimney!" I called with all my might, and was rewarded by a piercing shriek from Liddy and the slam of the trunk-room door.  I felt easier after that, although the room was oppressively hot and enervating.  I had no doubt the search for me would now come in the right direction, and after a little, I dropped into a doze.  How long I slept I do not know.  It must have been several hours, for I had been tired from a busy day, and I wakened stiff from my awkward position.  I could not remember where I was for a few minutes, and my head felt heavy and congested. Gradually I roused to my surroundings, and to the fact that in spite of the ventilators, the air was bad and growing worse.  I was breathing long, gasping respirations, and my face was damp and clammy.  I must have been there a long time, and the searchers were probably hunting outside the house, dredging the creek, or beating the woodland.  I knew that another hour or two would find me unconscious, and with my inability to cry out would go my only chance of rescue.  It was the combination of bad air and heat, probably, for some inadequate ventilation was coming through the pipes.  I tried to retain my consciousness by walking the length of the room and back, over and over, but I had not the strength to keep it up, so I sat down on the table again, my back against the wall.  The house was very still.  Once my straining ears seemed to catch a footfall beneath me, possibly in my own room.  I groped for the chair from the table, and pounded with it frantically on the floor.  But nothing happened: I realized bitterly that if the sound was heard at all, no doubt it was classed with the other rappings that had so alarmed us recently.  It was impossible to judge the flight of time.  I measured five minutes by counting my pulse, allowing seventy-two beats to the minute.  But it took eternities, and toward the last I found it hard to count; my head was confused.  And then--I heard sounds from below me, in the house.  There was a peculiar throbbing, vibrating noise that I felt rather than heard, much like the pulsing beat of fire engines in the city. For one awful moment I thought the house was on fire, and every drop of blood in my body gathered around my heart; then I knew.  It was the engine of the automobile, and Halsey had come back.  Hope sprang up afresh.  Halsey's clear head and Gertrude's intuition might do what Liddy's hysteria and three detectives had failed in.  After a time I thought I had been right.  There was certainly something going on down below; doors were slamming, people were hurrying through the halls, and certain high notes of excited voices penetrated to me shrilly.  I hoped they were coming closer, but after a time the sounds died away below, and I was left to the silence and heat, to the weight of the darkness, to the oppression of walls that seemed to close in on me and stifle me.  The first warning I had was a stealthy fumbling at the lock of the mantel-door.  With my mouth open to scream, I stopped. Perhaps the situation had rendered me acute, perhaps it was instinctive.  Whatever it was, I sat without moving, and some one outside, in absolute stillness, ran his fingers over the carving of the mantel and--found the panel.  Now the sounds below redoubled: from the clatter and jarring I knew that several people were running up the stairs, and as the sounds approached, I could even hear what they said.  "Watch the end staircases!" Jamieson was shouting.  "Damnation--there's no light here!"  And then a second later.  "All together now. One--two--three--"  The door into the trunk-room had been locked from the inside.  At the second that it gave, opening against the wall with a crash and evidently tumbling somebody into the room, the stealthy fingers beyond the mantel-door gave the knob the proper impetus, and--the door swung open, and closed again.  Only--and Liddy always screams and puts her fingers in her ears at this point--only now I was not alone in the chimney room.  There was some one else in the darkness, some one who breathed hard, and who was so close I could have touched him with my hand.  I was in a paralysis of terror.  Outside there were excited voices and incredulous oaths.  The trunks were being jerked around in a frantic search, the windows were thrown open, only to show a sheer drop of forty feet.  And the man in the room with me leaned against the mantel-door and listened.  His pursuers were plainly baffled: I heard him draw a long breath, and turn to grope his way through the blackness.  Then--he touched my hand, cold, clammy, death-like.  A hand in an empty room!  He drew in his breath, the sharp intaking of horror that fills lungs suddenly collapsed.  Beyond jerking his hand away instantly, he made no movement.  I think absolute terror had him by the throat.  Then he stepped back, without turning, retreating foot by foot from The Dread in the corner, and I do not think he breathed.  Then, with the relief of space between us, I screamed, ear-splittingly, madly, and they heard me outside.  "In the chimney!" I shrieked.  "Behind the mantel!  The mantel!"  With an oath the figure hurled itself across the room at me, and I screamed again.  In his blind fury he had missed me; I heard him strike the wall.  That one time I eluded him; I was across the room, and I had got the chair.  He stood for a second, listening, then--he made another rush, and I struck out with my weapon.  I think it stunned him, for I had a second's respite when I could hear him breathing, and some one shouted outside:  "We--Can't--get--in.  How--does--it--open?"  But the man in the room had changed his tactics.  I knew he was creeping on me, inch by inch, and I could not tell from where. And then--he caught me.  He held his hand over my mouth, and I bit him.  I was helpless, strangling,--and some one was trying to break in the mantel from outside.  It began to yield somewhere, for a thin wedge of yellowish light was reflected on the opposite wall.  When he saw that, my assailant dropped me with a curse; then--the opposite wall swung open noiselessly, closed again without a sound, and I was alone.  The intruder was gone.  "In the next room!" I called wildly.  "The next room!"  But the sound of blows on the mantel drowned my voice.  By the time I had made them understand, a couple of minutes had elapsed.  The pursuit was taken up then, by all except Alex, who was determined to liberate me.  When I stepped out into the trunk-room, a free woman again, I could hear the chase far below.  I must say, for all Alex's anxiety to set me free, he paid little enough attention to my plight.  He jumped through the opening into the secret room, and picked up the portable safe.  "I am going to put this in Mr. Halsey's room, Miss Innes," he said, "and I shall send one of the detectives to guard it."  I hardly heard him.  I wanted to laugh and cry in the same breath--to crawl into bed and have a cup of tea, and scold Liddy, and do any of the thousand natural things that I had never expected to do again.  And the air!  The touch of the cool night air on my face!  As Alex and I reached the second floor, Mr. Jamieson met us.  He was grave and quiet, and he nodded comprehendingly when he saw the safe.  "Will you come with me for a moment, Miss Innes?" he asked soberly, and on my assenting, he led the way to the east wing. There were lights moving around below, and some of the maids were standing gaping down. They screamed when they saw me, and drew back to let me pass.  There was a sort of hush over the scene; Alex, behind me, muttered something I could not hear, and brushed past me without ceremony.  Then I realized that a man was lying doubled up at the foot of the staircase, and that Alex was stooping over him.  As I came slowly down, Winters stepped back, and Alex straightened himself, looking at me across the body with impenetrable eyes.  In his hand he held a shaggy gray wig, and before me on the floor lay the man whose headstone stood in Casanova churchyard--Paul Armstrong.  Winters told the story in a dozen words.  In his headlong flight down the circular staircase, with Winters just behind, Paul Armstrong had pitched forward violently, struck his head against the door to the east veranda, and probably broken his neck.  He had died as Winters reached him.  As the detective finished, I saw Halsey, pale and shaken, in the card-room doorway, and for the first time that night I lost my self-control.  I put my arms around my boy, and for a moment he had to support me.  A second later, over Halsey's shoulder, I saw something that turned my emotion into other channels, for, behind him, in the shadowy card-room, were Gertrude and Alex, the gardener, and--there is no use mincing matters--he was kissing her!  I was unable to speak.  Twice I opened my mouth: then I turned Halsey around and pointed.  They were quite unconscious of us; her head was on his shoulder, his face against her hair.  As it happened, it was Mr. Jamieson who broke up the tableau.  He stepped over to Alex and touched him on the arm.  "And now," he said quietly, "how long are you and I to play OUR little comedy, Mr. Bailey?"     Of Doctor Walker's sensational escape that night to South America, of the recovery of over a million dollars in cash and securities in the safe from the chimney room--the papers have kept the public well informed.  Of my share in discovering the secret chamber they have been singularly silent.  The inner history has never been told.  Mr. Jamieson got all kinds of credit, and some of it he deserved, but if Jack Bailey, as Alex, had not traced Halsey and insisted on the disinterring of Paul Armstrong's casket, if he had not suspected the truth from the start, where would the detective have been?  When Halsey learned the truth, he insisted on going the next morning, weak as he was, to Louise, and by night she was at Sunnyside, under Gertrude's particular care, while her mother had gone to Barbara Fitzhugh's.  What Halsey said to Mrs. Armstrong I never knew, but that he was considerate and chivalrous I feel confident.  It was Halsey's way always with women.  He and Louise had no conversation together until that night. Gertrude and Alex--I mean Jack--had gone for a walk, although it was nine o'clock, and anybody but a pair of young geese would have known that dew was falling, and that it is next to impossible to get rid of a summer cold.  At half after nine, growing weary of my own company, I went downstairs to find the young people.  At the door of the living-room I paused. Gertrude and Jack had returned and were there, sitting together on a divan, with only one lamp lighted.  They did not see or hear me, and I beat a hasty retreat to the library.  But here again I was driven back. Louise was sitting in a deep chair, looking the happiest I had ever seen her, with Halsey on the arm of the chair, holding her close.  It was no place for an elderly spinster.  I retired to my upstairs sitting-room and got out Eliza Klinefelter's lavender slippers.  Ah, well, the foster motherhood would soon have to be put away in camphor again.  The next day, by degrees, I got the whole story.  Paul Armstrong had a besetting evil--the love of money.  Common enough, but he loved money, not for what it would buy, but for its own sake. An examination of the books showed no irregularities in the past year since John had been cashier, but before that, in the time of Anderson, the old cashier, who had died, much strange juggling had been done with the records.  The railroad in New Mexico had apparently drained the banker's private fortune, and he determined to retrieve it by one stroke. This was nothing less than the looting of the bank's securities, turning them into money, and making his escape.  But the law has long arms.  Paul Armstrong evidently studied the situation carefully.  Just as the only good Indian is a dead Indian, so the only safe defaulter is a dead defaulter.  He decided to die, to all appearances, and when the hue and cry subsided, he would be able to enjoy his money almost anywhere he wished.  The first necessity was an accomplice.  The connivance of Doctor Walker was suggested by his love for Louise.  The man was unscrupulous, and with the girl as a bait, Paul Armstrong soon had him fast.  The plan was apparently the acme of simplicity: a small town in the west, an attack of heart disease, a body from a medical college dissecting-room shipped in a trunk to Doctor Walker by a colleague in San Francisco, and palmed off for the supposed dead banker.  What was simpler?  The woman, Nina Carrington, was the cog that slipped.  What she only suspected, what she really knew, we never learned.  She was a chambermaid in the hotel at C--, and it was evidently her intention to blackmail Doctor Walker.  His position at that time was uncomfortable: to pay the woman to keep quiet would be confession.  He denied the whole thing, and she went to Halsey.  It was this that had taken Halsey to the doctor the night he disappeared.  He accused the doctor of the deception, and, crossing the lawn, had said something cruel to Louise.  Then, furious at her apparent connivance, he had started for the station.  Doctor Walker and Paul Armstrong--the latter still lame where I had shot him--hurried across to the embankment, certain only of one thing.  Halsey must not tell the detective what he suspected until the money had been removed from the chimney-room. They stepped into the road in front of the car to stop it, and fate played into their hands.  The car struck the train, and they had only to dispose of the unconscious figure in the road.  This they did as I have told.  For three days Halsey lay in the box car, tied hand and foot, suffering tortures of thirst, delirious at times, and discovered by a tramp at Johnsville only in time to save his life.  To go back to Paul Armstrong.  At the last moment his plans had been frustrated.  Sunnyside, with its hoard in the chimney-room, had been rented without his knowledge!  Attempts to dislodge me having failed, he was driven to breaking into his own house.  The ladder in the chute, the burning of the stable and the entrance through the card-room window--all were in the course of a desperate attempt to get into the chimney-room.  Louise and her mother had, from the first, been the great stumbling-blocks.  The plan had been to send Louise away until it was too late for her to interfere, but she came back to the hotel at C-- just at the wrong time.  There was a terrible scene.  The girl was told that something of the kind was necessary, that the bank was about to close and her stepfather would either avoid arrest and disgrace in this way, or kill himself.  Fanny Armstrong was a weakling, but Louise was more difficult to manage.  She had no love for her stepfather, but her devotion to her mother was entire, self-sacrificing.  Forced into acquiescence by her mother's appeals, overwhelmed by the situation, the girl consented and fled.  From somewhere in Colorado she sent an anonymous telegram to Jack Bailey at the Traders' Bank.  Trapped as she was, she did not want to see an innocent man arrested.  The telegram, received on Thursday, had sent the cashier to the bank that night in a frenzy.  Louise arrived at Sunnyside and found the house rented.  Not knowing what to do, she sent for Arnold at the Greenwood Club, and told him a little, not all.  She told him that there was something wrong, and that the bank was about to close.  That his father was responsible.  Of the conspiracy she said nothing.  To her surprise, Arnold already knew, through Bailey that night, that things were not right.  Moreover, he suspected what Louise did not, that the money was hidden at Sunnyside. He had a scrap of paper that indicated a concealed room somewhere.  His inherited cupidity was aroused.  Eager to get Halsey and Jack Bailey out of the house, he went up to the east entry, and in the billiard-room gave the cashier what he had refused earlier in the evening--the address of Paul Armstrong in California and a telegram which had been forwarded to the club for Bailey, from Doctor Walker. It was in response to one Bailey had sent, and it said that Paul Armstrong was very ill.  Bailey was almost desperate.  He decided to go west and find Paul Armstrong, and to force him to disgorge.  But the catastrophe at the bank occurred sooner than he had expected.  On the moment of starting west, at Andrews Station, where Mr. Jamieson had located the car, he read that the bank had closed, and, going back, surrendered himself.  John Bailey had known Paul Armstrong intimately.  He did not believe that the money was gone; in fact, it was hardly possible in the interval since the securities had been taken.  Where was it?  And from some chance remark let fall some months earlier by Arnold Armstrong at a dinner, Bailey felt sure there was a hidden room at Sunnyside.  He tried to see the architect of the building, but, like the contractor, if he knew of the such a room he refused any information.  It was Halsey's idea that John Bailey come to the house as a gardener, and pursue his investigations as he could.  His smooth upper lip had been sufficient disguise, with his change of clothes, and a hair-cut by a country barber.  So it was Alex, Jack Bailey, who had been our ghost.  Not only had he alarmed--Louise and himself, he admitted--on the circular staircase, but he had dug the hole in the trunk-room wall, and later sent Eliza into hysteria.  The note Liddy had found in Gertrude's scrap-basket was from him, and it was he who had startled me into unconsciousness by the clothes chute, and, with Gertrude's help, had carried me to Louise's room.  Gertrude, I learned, had watched all night beside me, in an extremity of anxiety about me.  That old Thomas had seen his master, and thought he had seen the Sunnyside ghost, there could be no doubt.  Of that story of Thomas', about seeing Jack Bailey in the footpath between the club and Sunnyside, the night Liddy and I heard the noise on the circular staircase--that, too, was right.  On the night before Arnold Armstrong was murdered, Jack Bailey had made his first attempt to search for the secret room. He secured Arnold's keys from his room at the club and got into the house, armed with a golf-stick for sounding the walls.  He ran against the hamper at the head of the stairs, caught his cuff-link in it, and dropped the golf-stick with a crash. It was arranged that Edith should take Margery home with her for the night. I thought it a good idea; the very sight of Edith tucking in her babies and sitting down beside the library lamp to embroider me a scarfpin-holder for Christmas would bring Margery back to normal again. Except in the matter of Christmas gifts, Edith is the sanest woman I know; I recognized it at the dinner table, where she had the little girl across from her planning her mourning hats before the dinner was half finished.  When we rose at last, Margery looked toward the music-room, where the dead man lay in state. But Edith took her by the arm and pushed her toward the stairs.  "Get your hat on right away, while Jack calls a cab," she directed. "I must get home, or Fred will keep the boys up until nine o'clock. He is absolutely without principle."  When Margery came down there was a little red spot burning in each pale cheek, and she ran down the stairs like a scared child. At the bottom she clutched the newel-post and looked behind fearfully.  "What's the matter?" Edith demanded, glancing uneasily over her shoulder.  "Some one has been up-stairs," Margery panted. "Somebody has been staying in the house while we were away."  "Nonsense," I said, seeing that her fright was infecting Edith. "What makes you think that?"  "Come and look," she said, gaining courage, I suppose, from a masculine presence. And so we went up the long stairs, the two girls clutching hands, and I leading the way and inclined to scoff.  At the door of a small room next to what had been Allan Fleming's bedroom, we paused and I turned on the light.  "Before we left," Margery said more quietly, "I closed this room myself. It had just been done over, and the pale blue soils so easily. I came in the last thing, and saw covers put over everything. Now look at it!"  It was a sort of boudoir, filled with feminine knickknacks and mahogany lounging chairs. Wherever possible, a pale brocade had been used, on the empire couch, in panels in the wall, covering cushions on the window-seat. It was evidently Margery's private sitting-room.  The linen cover that had been thrown over the divan was folded back, and a pillow from the window-seat bore the imprint of a head. The table was still covered, knobby protuberances indicating the pictures and books beneath. On one corner of the table, where the cover had been pushed aside, was a cup, empty and clean-washed, and as if to prove her contention, Margery picked up from the floor a newspaper, dated Friday morning, the twenty-second.  A used towel in the bath-room near-by completed the inventory; Margery had been right; some one had used the room while the house was closed.  "Might it not have been your--father?" Edith asked, when we stood again at the foot of the stairs. "He could have come here to look for something, and lain down to rest."  "I don't think so," Margery said wanly. "I left the door so he could get in with his key, but--he always used his study couch. I don't think he ever spent five minutes in my sitting-room in his life."  We had to let it go at that finally. I put them in a cab, and saw them start away: then I went back into the house. I had arranged to sleep there and generally to look after things--as I said before. Whatever scruples I had had about taking charge of Margery Fleming and her affairs, had faded with Wardrop's defection and the new mystery of the blue boudoir.  The lower floor of the house was full of people that night, local and state politicians, newspaper men and the usual crowd of the morbidly curious. The undertaker took everything in hand, and late that evening I could hear them carrying in tropical plants and stands for the flowers that were already arriving. Whatever panoply the death scene had lacked, Allan Fleming was lying in state now.  At midnight things grew quiet. I sat in the library, reading, until then, when an undertaker's assistant in a pink shirt and polka-dot cravat came to tell me that everything was done.  "Is it customary for somebody to stay up, on occasions like this?" I asked. "Isn't there an impression that wandering cats may get into the room, or something of that sort?"  "I don't think it will be necessary, sir," he said, trying to conceal a smile. "It's all a matter of taste. Some people like to take their troubles hard. Since they don't put money on their eyes any more, nobody wants to rob the dead."  He left with that cheerful remark, and I closed and locked the house after him. I found Bella in the basement kitchen with all the lights burning full, and I stood at the foot of the stairs while she scooted to bed like a scared rabbit. She was a strange creature, Bella--not so stupid as she looked, but sullen, morose--"smouldering" about expresses it.  I closed the doors into the dining-room and, leaving one light in the hall, went up to bed. A guest room in the third story had been assigned me, and I was tired enough to have slept on the floor. The telephone bell rang just after I got into bed, and grumbling at my luck, I went down to the lower floor.  It was the _Times-Post_, and the man at the telephone was in a hurry.  "This is the _Times-Post_. Is Mr. Wardrop there?"  "No."  "Who is this?"  "This is John Knox."  "The attorney?"  "Yes."  "Mr. Knox, are you willing to put yourself on record that Mr. Fleming committed suicide?"  "I am not going to put myself on record at all."  "To-night's _Star_ says you call it suicide, and that you found him with the revolver in his hand."  "The _Star_ lies!" I retorted, and the man at the other end chuckled.  "Many thanks," he said, and rang off.  I went back to bed, irritated that I had betrayed myself. Loss of sleep for two nights, however, had told on me: in a short time I was sound asleep.  I wakened with difficulty. My head felt stupid and heavy, and I was burning with thirst. I sat up and wondered vaguely if I were going to be ill, and I remember that I felt too weary to get a drink. As I roused, however, I found that part of my discomfort came from bad ventilation, and I opened a window and looked out.  The window was a side one, opening on to a space perhaps eight feet wide, which separated it from its neighbor. Across from me was only a blank red wall, but the night air greeted me refreshingly. The wind was blowing hard, and a shutter was banging somewhere below. I leaned out and looked down into the well-like space beneath me. It was one of those apparently chance movements that have vital consequences, and that have always made me believe in the old Calvinistic creed of foreordination.  Below me, on the wall across, was a rectangle of yellow light, reflected from the library window of the Fleming home. There was some one in the house.  As I still stared, the light was slowly blotted out--not as if the light had been switched off, but by a gradual decreasing in size of the lighted area. The library shade had been drawn.  My first thought was burglars; my second--Lightfoot. No matter who it was, there was no one who had business there. Luckily, I had brought my revolver with me from Fred's that day, and it was under my pillow; to get it, put out the light and open the door quietly, took only a minute. I was in pajamas, barefoot, as on another almost similar occasion, but I was better armed than before.  I got to the second floor without hearing or seeing anything suspicious, but from there I could see that the light in the hall had been extinguished. The unfamiliarity of the house, the knowledge of the silent figure in the drawing-room at the foot of the stairs, and of whatever might be waiting in the library beyond, made my position uncomfortable, to say the least.  I don't believe in the man who is never afraid: he doesn't deserve the credit he gets. It's the fellow who is scared to death, whose knees knock together, and who totters rather than walks into danger, who is the real hero. Not that I was as bad as that, but I would have liked to know where the electric switch was, and to have seen the trap before I put my head in.  The stairs were solidly built, and did not creak. I felt my way down by the baluster, which required my right hand, and threw my revolver to my left. I got safely to the bottom, and around the newel-post: there was still a light in the library, and the door was not entirely closed. Then, with my usual bad luck, I ran into a heap of folding chairs that had been left by the undertaker, and if the crash paralyzed me, I don't know what it did to the intruder in the library.  The light was out in an instant, and with concealment at an end, I broke for the door and threw it open, standing there with my revolver leveled. We--the man in the room, and I--were both in absolute darkness. He had the advantage of me. He knew my location, and I could not guess his.  "Who is here?" I demanded.  Only silence, except that I seemed to hear rapid breathing.  "Speak up, or I'll shoot!" I said, not without an ugly feeling that he might be--even probably was--taking careful aim by my voice. The darkness was intolerable: I reached cautiously to the left and found, just beyond the door frame, the electric switch. As I turned it the light flashed up. The room was empty, but a portire in a doorway at my right was still shaking.  I leaped for the curtain and dragged it aside, to have a door just close in my face. When I had jerked it open, I found myself in a short hall, and there were footsteps to my left, I blundered along in the semi-darkness, into a black void which must have been the dining-room, for my outstretched hand skirted the table. The footsteps seemed only beyond my reach, and at the other side of the room the swinging door into the pantry was still swaying when I caught it.  I made a misstep in the pantry, and brought up against a blank wall. It seemed to me I heard the sound of feet running up steps, and when I found a door at last, I threw it open and dashed in.  The next moment the solid earth slipped from under my feet, I threw out my hand, and it met a cold wall, smooth as glass. Then I fell--fell an incalculable distance, and the blackness of the night came over me and smothered me.      When I came to, I was lying in darkness, and the stillness was absolute. When I tried to move, I found I was practically a prisoner: I had fallen into an air shaft, or something of the kind. I could not move my arms, where they were pinioned to my sides, and I was half-lying, half-crouching, in a semi-vertical position. I worked one arm loose and managed to make out that my prison was probably the dumb-waiter shaft to the basement kitchen.  I had landed on top of the slide, and I seemed to be tied in a knot. The revolver was under me, and if it had exploded during the fall it had done no damage. I can hardly imagine a more unpleasant position. If the man I had been following had so chosen, he could have made away with me in any one of a dozen unpleasant ways--he could have filled me as full of holes as a sieve, or scalded me, or done anything, pretty much, that he chose. But nothing happened. The house was impressively quiet.  I had fallen feet first, evidently, and then crumpled up unconscious, for one of my ankles was throbbing. It was some time before I could stand erect, and even by reaching, I could not touch the doorway above me. It must have taken five minutes for my confused senses to remember the wire cable, and to tug at it. I was a heavy load for the slide, accustomed to nothing weightier than political dinners, but with much creaking I got myself at last to the floor above, and stepped out, still into darkness, but free.  I still held the revolver, and I lighted the whole lower floor. But I found nothing in the dining-room or the pantry. Everything was locked and in good order. A small alcove off the library came next; it was undisturbed, but a tabouret lay on its side, and a half dozen books had been taken from a low book-case, and lay heaped on a chair. In the library, however, everything was confusion. Desk drawers stood open--one of the linen shades had been pulled partly off its roller, a chair had been drawn up to the long mahogany table in the center of the room, with the electric dome overhead, and everywhere, on chairs, over the floor, heaped in stacks on the table, were papers.  After searching the lower floor, and finding everything securely locked, I went up-stairs, convinced the intruder was still in the house. I made a systematic search of every room, looking into closets and under beds. Several times I had an impression, as I turned a corner, that some one was just ahead of me, but I was always disappointed. I gave up at last, and, going down to the library, made myself as comfortable as I could, and waited for morning.  I heard Bella coming down the stairs, after seven sometime; she came slowly, with flagging footsteps, as if the slightest sound would send her scurrying to the upper regions again. A little later I heard her rattling the range in the basement kitchen, and I went up-stairs and dressed.  I was too tired to have a theory about the night visitor; in fact, from that time on, I tried to have no theories of any kind. I was impressed with only one thing--that the enemy or enemies of the late Allan Fleming evidently carried their antagonism beyond the grave. As I put on my collar I wondered how long I could stay in this game, as I now meant to, and avoid lying in state in Edith's little drawing-room, with flowers around and a gentleman in black gloves at the door.  I had my ankle strapped with adhesive that morning by my doctor and it gave me no more trouble. But I caught him looking curiously at the blue bruise on my forehead where Wardrop had struck me with the chair, and at my nose, no longer swollen, but mustard-yellow at the bridge.  "Been doing any boxing lately," he said, as I laced up my shoe.  "Not for two or three years."  "New machine?"  "No."  He smiled at me quizzically from his desk.  "How does the other fellow look?" he inquired, and to my haltingly invented explanation of my battered appearance, he returned the same enigmatical smile.  That day was uneventful. Margery and Edith came to the house for about an hour and went back to Fred's again.  A cousin of the dead man, an elderly bachelor named Parker, appeared that morning and signified his willingness to take charge of the house during that day. The very hush of his voice and his black tie prompted Edith to remove Margery from him as soon as she could, and as the girl dreaded the curious eyes of the crowd that filled the house, she was glad to go.  It was Sunday, and I went to the office only long enough to look over my mail. I dined in the middle of the day at Fred's, and felt heavy and stupid all afternoon as a result of thus reversing the habits of the week. In the afternoon I had my first conversation with Fred and Edith, while Margery and the boys talked quietly in the nursery. They had taken a great fancy to her, and she was almost cheerful when she was with them.  Fred had the morning papers around him on the floor, and was in his usual Sunday argumentative mood.  "Well," he said, when the nursery door up-stairs had closed, "what was it, Jack? Suicide?"  "I don't know," I replied bluntly.  "What do you think?" he insisted.  "How can I tell?" irritably. "The police say it was suicide, and they ought to know."  "The _Times-Post_ says it was murder, and that they will prove it. And they claim the police have been called off."  I said nothing of Mr. Lightfoot, and his visit to the office, but I made a mental note to see the _Times-Post_ people and learn, if I could, what they knew.  "I can not help thinking that he deserved very nearly what he got," Edith broke in, looking much less vindictive than her words. "When one thinks of the ruin he brought to poor Henry Butler, and that Ellen has been practically an invalid ever since, I can't be sorry for him."  "What was the Butler story?" I asked. But Fred did not know, and Edith was as vague as women usually are in politics.  "Henry Butler was treasurer of the state, and Mr. Fleming was his cashier. I don't know just what the trouble was. But you remember that Henry Butler killed himself after he got out of the penitentiary, and Ellen has been in one hospital after another. I would like to have her come here for a few weeks, Fred," she said appealingly. "She is in some sanatorium or other now, and we might cheer her a little."  Fred groaned.  "Have her if you like, petty," he said resignedly, "but I refuse to be cheerful unless I feel like it. What about this young Wardrop, Jack? It looks to me as if the _Times-Post_ reporter had a line on him."  "Hush," Edith said softly. "He is Margery's fianc, and she might hear you."  "How do you know?" Fred demanded. "Did she tell you?"  "Look at her engagement ring," Edith threw back triumphantly. "And it's a perfectly beautiful solitaire, too."  I caught Fred's eye on me, and the very speed with which he shifted his gaze made me uncomfortable. I made my escape as soon as I could, on the plea of going out to Bellwood, and in the hall up-stairs I met Margery.  "I saw Bella to-day," she said. "Mr. Knox, will you tell me why you stayed up last night? What happened in the house?"  "I--thought I heard some one in the library," I stammered, "but I found no one."  "Is that all the truth or only part of it?" she asked. "Why do men always evade issues with a woman?" Luckily, woman-like, she did not wait for a reply. She closed the nursery door and stood with her hand on the knob, looking down.  "I wonder what you believe about all this," she said. "Do you think my father--killed himself? You were there; you know. If some one would only tell me everything!"  It seemed to me it was her right to know. The boys were romping noisily in the nursery. Down-stairs Fred and Edith were having their Sunday afternoon discussion of what in the world had become of the money from Fred's latest book. Margery and I sat down on the stairs, and, as well as I could remember the details, I told her what had happened at the White Cat. She heard me through quietly.  "And so the police have given up the case!" she said despairingly. "And if they had not, Harry would have been arrested. Is there nothing I can do? Do I have to sit back with my hands folded?"  "The police have not exactly given up the case," I told her, "but there is such a thing, of course, as stirring up a lot of dust and then running to cover like blazes before it settles. By the time the public has wiped it out of its eyes and sneezed it out of its nose and coughed it out of its larynx, the dust has settled in a heavy layer, clues are obliterated, and the public lifts its skirts and chooses another direction. The weather was good, the food fair.  I had no reason to repent my bargain.  Of the sailing qualities of the Ella there could be no question.  The crew, selected by Captain Richardson from the best men of the Turner line, knew their business, and, especially after the Williams incident, made me one of themselves.  Barring the odor of formaldehyde in the forecastle, which drove me to sleeping on deck for a night or two, everything was going smoothly, at least on the surface.  Smoothly as far as the crew was concerned.  I was not so sure about the after house.  As I have said, owing to the small size, of the vessel, and the fact that considerable of the space had been used for baths, there were, besides the family, only two guests, a Mrs. Johns, a divorcee, and a Mr. Vail.  Mrs. Turner and Miss Lee shared the services of a maid, Karen Hansen, who, with a stewardess, Henrietta Sloane, occupied a double cabin.  Vail had a small room, as had Turner, with a bath between which they used in common.  Mrs. Turner's room was a large one, with its own bath, into which Elsa Lee's room also opened. Mrs. Johns had a room and bath.  Roughly, and not drawn to scale, the living quarters of the family were arranged like the diagram in chapter XIX.  I have said that things were not going smoothly in the after house. I felt it rather than, saw it.  The women rose late--except Miss Lee, who was frequently about when I washed the deck.  They chatted and laughed together, read, played bridge when the men were so inclined, and now and then, when their attention was drawn to it, looked at the sea. They were always exquisitely and carefully dressed, and I looked at them as I would at any other masterpieces of creative art, with nothing of covetousness in my admiration.  The men were violently opposed types. Turner, tall, heavy-shouldered, morose by habit, with a prominent nose and rapidly thinning hair, and with strong, pale blue eyes, congested from hard drinking; Vail, shorter by three inches, dark, good-looking, with that dusky flush under the skin which shows good red blood, and as temperate as Turner was dissipated.  Vail was strong, too.  After I had held Williams over the rail I turned to find him looking on, amused.  And when the frightened darky had taken himself, muttering threats, to the galley, Vail came over to me and ran his hand down my arm.  "Where did you get it?" he asked.  "Oh, I've always had some muscle," I said.  "I'm in bad shape now; just getting over fever."  "Fever, eh?  I thought it was jail.  Look here."  He threw out his biceps for me to feel.  It was a ball of iron under my fingers.  The man was as strong as an ox.  He smiled at my surprise, and, after looking to see that no one was in sight, offered to mix me a highball from a decanter and siphon on a table.  I refused.  It was his turn to be surprised.  "I gave it up when I was in train--in the hospital," I corrected myself.  "I find I don't miss it."  He eyed me with some curiosity over his glass, and, sauntering away, left me to my work of folding rugs.  But when I had finished, and was chalking the deck for shuffle-board, he joined me again, dropping his voice, for the women had come up by that time and were breakfasting on the lee side of the after house.  "Have you any idea, Leslie, how much whiskey there is on board?"  "Williams has considerable, I believe.  I don't think there is any in the forward house.  The captain is a teetotaler."  "I see.  When these decanters go back, Williams takes charge of them?"  "Yes.  He locks them away."  He dropped his voice still lower.  "Empty them, Leslie," he said.  "Do you understand?  Throw what is left overboard.  And, if you get a chance at Williams's key, pitch a dozen or two quarts overboard."  "And be put in irons!"  "Not necessarily.  I think you understand me.  I don't trust Williams. In a week we could have this boat fairly dry."  "There is a great deal of wine."  He scowled.  "Damn Williams, anyhow! His instructions were--but never mind about that.  Get rid of the whiskey."  Turner coming up the companionway at that moment, Vail left me.  I had understood him perfectly.  It was common talk in the forecastle that Turner was drinking hard, and that, in fact, the cruise had been arranged by his family in the hope that, away from his clubs; he would alter his habits--a fallacy, of course.  Taken away from his customary daily round, given idle days on a summer sea, and aided by Williams, the butler, he was drinking his head off.  Early as it was, he was somewhat the worse for it that morning. He made directly for me.  It was the first time he had noticed me, although it was the third day out.  He stood in front of me, his red eyes flaming, and, although I am a tall man, he had an inch perhaps the advantage of me.  "What's this about Williams?" he demanded furiously.  "What do you mean by a thing like that?"  "He was bullying me.  I didn't intend to drop him."  The ship was rolling gently; he made a pass at me with a magazine he carried, and almost lost his balance.  The women had risen, and were watching from the corner of the after house.  I caught him and steadied him until he could clutch a chair.  "You try any tricks like that again, and you'll go overboard," he stormed.  "Who are you, anyhow?  Not one of our men?"  I saw the quick look between Vail and Mrs. Turner, and saw her come forward.  Mrs. Johns followed her, smiling.  "Marsh!" Mrs. Turner protested.  "I told you about him--the man who had been ill."  "Oh, another of your friends!" he sneered, and looked from me to Vail with his ugly smile.  Vail went rather pale and threw up his head quickly.  The next moment Mrs. Johns had saved the situation with an irrelevant remark, and the incident was over.  They were playing bridge, not without dispute, but at least without insult.  But I had hard a glimpse beneath the surface of that luxurious cruise, one of many such in the next few days.  That was on Monday, the third day out.  Up to that time Miss Lee had not noticed me, except once, when she found me scrubbing the deck, to comment on a corner that she thought might be cleaner, and another time in the evening, when she and Vail sat in chairs until late, when she had sent me below for a wrap.  She looked past me rather than at me, gave me her orders quietly but briefly, and did not even take the trouble to ignore me.  And yet, once or twice, I had found her eyes fixed on me with a cool, half-amused expression, as if she found something in my struggles to carry trays as if I had been accustomed to them, or to handle a mop as a mop should be handled and not like a hockey stick--something infinitely entertaining and not a little absurd.  But that morning, after they had settled to bridge, she followed me to the rail, out of earshot I straightened and took off my cap, and she stood looking at me, unsmiling.  "Unclench your hands!" she said.  "I beg your pardon!" I straightened out my fingers, conscious for the first time of my clenched fists, and even opened and closed them once or twice to prove their relaxation.  "That's better.  Now--won't you try to remember that I am responsible for your being here, and be careful?"  "Then take me away from here and put me with the crew.  I am stronger now.  Ask the captain to give me a man's work.  This--this is a housemaid's occupation."  "We prefer to have you here," she said coldly; and then, evidently repenting her manner: "We need a man here, Leslie.  Better stay. Are you comfortable in the forecastle?"  "Yes, Miss Lee."  "And the food is all right?"  "The cook says I am eating two men's rations."  She turned to leave, smiling.  It was the first time she had thrown even a fleeting smile my way, and it went to my head.  "And Williams?  I am to submit to his insolence?"  She stopped and turned, and the smile faded.  "The next time," she said, "you are to drop him!"  But during the remainder of the day she neither spoke to me nor looked, as far as I could tell, in my direction.  She flirted openly with Vail, rather, I thought, to the discomfort of Mrs. Johns, who had appropriated him to herself--sang to him in the cabin, and in the long hour before dinner, when the others were dressing, walked the deck with him, talking earnestly.  They looked well together, and I believe he was in love with her.  Poor Vail!  Turner had gone below, grimly good-humored, to dress for dinner; and I went aft to chat, as I often did, with the steersman.  On this occasion it happened to be Charlie Jones.  Jones was not his name, so far as I know.  It was some inordinately long and different German inheritance, and so, with the facility of the average crew, he had been called Jones.  He was a benevolent little man, highly religious, and something of a philosopher.  And because I could understand German, and even essay it in a limited way, he was fond of me.  "Seta du dick," he said, and moved over so that I could sit on the grating on which he stood.  "The sky is fine to-night.  Wunderschon!"  "It always looks good to me," I observed, filling my pipe and passing my tobacco-bag to him.  "I may have my doubts now and then on land, Charlie; but here, between the sky and the sea, I'm a believer, right enough."  "'In the beginning He created the heaven and the earth,'" said Charlie reverently.  We were silent for a time.  The ship rolled easily; now and then she dipped her bowsprit with a soft swish of spray; a school of dolphins played astern, and the last of the land birds that had followed us out flew in circles around the masts.  "Sometimes," said Charlie Jones, "I think the Good Man should have left it the way it was after the flood just sky and water.  What's the land, anyhow?  Noise and confusion, wickedness and crime, robbing the widow and the orphan, eat or be et."  "Well," I argued, "the sea's that way.  What are those fish out there flying for, but to get out of the way of bigger fish?"  Charlie Jones surveyed me over his pipe.  "True enough, youngster," he said; "but the Lord's given 'em wings to fly with.  He ain't been so careful with the widow and the orphan."  This statement being incontrovertible, I let the argument lapse, and sat quiet, luxuriating in the warmth, in the fresh breeze, in the feeling of bodily well-being that came with my returning strength. I got up and stretched, and my eyes fell on the small window of the chart-room.  The door into the main cabin beyond was open.  It was dark with the summer twilight, except for the four rose-shaded candles on the table, now laid for dinner.  A curious effect it had--the white cloth and gleaming pink an island of cheer in a twilight sea; and to and from this rosy island, making short excursions, advancing, retreating, disappearing at times, the oval white ship that was Williams's shirt bosom.  Charlie Jones, bending to the right and raised to my own height by the grating on which he stood, looked over my shoulder.  Dinner was about to be served.  The women had come out.  The table-lamps threw their rosy glow over white necks and uncovered arms, and revealed, higher in the shadows, the faces of the men, smug, clean-shaven, assured, rather heavy.  I had been the guest of honor on a steam-yacht a year or two before, after a game.  There had been pink lights on the table, I remembered, and the place-cards at dinner the first night out had been caricatures of me in fighting trim.  There had been a girl, too. For the three days of that week-end cruise I had been mad about her; before that first dinner, when I had known her two hours, I had kissed her hand and told her I loved her!  Vail and Miss Lee had left the others and come into the chart-room. As Charlie Jones and I looked, he bent over and kissed her hand.  The sun had gone down.  My pipe was empty, and from the galley, forward, came the odor of the forecastle supper.  Charlie was coughing, a racking paroxysm that shook his wiry body.  He leaned over and caught my shoulder as I was moving away.  "New paint and new canvas don't make a new ship," he said, choking back the cough.  "She's still the old Ella, the she-devil of the Turner line.  Pink lights below, and not a rat in the hold!  They left her before we sailed, boy.  Every rope was crawling with 'em."                        "The very rats                       Instinctively had left it,"  I quoted.  But Charlie, clutching the wheel, was coughing again, and cursing breathlessly as he coughed.      The odor of formaldehyde in the forecastle having abated, permission for the crew to sleep on deck had been withdrawn.  But the weather as we turned south had grown insufferably hot.  The reek of the forecastle sickened me--the odor of fresh paint, hardly dry, of musty clothing and sweaty bodies.  I asked Singleton, the first mate, for permission to sleep on deck, and was refused.  I went down, obediently enough, to be driven back with nausea.  And so, watching my chance, I waited until the first mate, on watch, disappeared into the forward cabin to eat the night lunch always prepared by the cook and left there.  Then, with a blanket and pillow, I crawled into the starboard lifeboat, and settled myself for the night.  The lookout saw me, but gave no sign.  It was not a bad berth.  As the ship listed, the stars seemed to sway above me, and my last recollection was of the Great Dipper, performing dignified gyrations in the sky.  I was aroused by one of the two lookouts, a young fellow named Burns. He was standing below, rapping on the side of the boat with his knuckles.  I sat up and peered over at him, and was conscious for the first time that the weather had changed.  A fine rain was falling; my hair and shirt were wet.  "Something doing in the chart-room," he said cautiously.  "Thought you might not want to miss it."  He was in his bare feet, as was I.  Together we hurried to the after house.  The steersman, in oilskins, was at his post, but was peering through the barred window into the chart-room, which was brilliantly lighted.  He stepped aside somewhat to let us look in. The loud and furious voices which had guided us had quieted, but the situation had not relaxed.  Singleton, the first mate, and Turner were sitting at a table littered with bottles and glasses, and standing over them, white with fury, was Captain Richardson.  In the doorway to the main cabin, dressed in pajamas and a bathrobe, Vail was watching the scene.  "I told you last night, Mr. Turner," the captain said, banging the table with his fist, "I won't have you interfering with my officers, or with my ship.  That man's on duty, and he's drunk."  "Your ship!" Turner sneered thickly.  "It's my ship, and I--I discharge you."  He got to his feet, holding to the table.  "Mr. Singleton--hic--from now on you're captain.  Captain Singleton! How--how d'ye like it?"  Mr. Vail came forward, the only cool one of the four.  "Don't be a fool, Marsh," he protested.  "Come to bed.  The captain's right."  Turner turned his pale-blue eyes on Vail, and they were as full of danger as a snake's.  "You go to hell!" he said.  "Singleton, you're the captain, d'ye hear? If Rich--if Richardson gets funny, put him--in irons."  Singleton stood up, with a sort of swagger.  He wes less intoxicated than Turner, but ugly enough.  He faced the captain with a leer.  "Sorry, old fellow," he said, "but you heard what Turner said!"  The captain drew a deep breath.  Then, without any warning, he leaned across the table and shot out his clenched fist.  It took the mate on the point of the chin, and he folded up in a heap on the floor.  "Good old boy!" muttered Burns, beside me.  "Good old boy!"  Turner picked up a bottle from the table, and made the same incoordinate pass with it at the captain as he had at me the morning before with his magazine.  The captain did not move.  He was a big man, and he folded his arms with their hairy wrists across his chest.  "Mr. Turner," he said, "while we are on the sea I am in command here. You know that well enough.  You are drunk to-night; in the morning you will be sober; and I want you to remember what I am going to say. If you interfere again--with--me--or--my officers--I--shall--put--you--in--irons."  He started for the after companionway, and Burns and I hurried forward out of his way, Burns to the lookout, I to make the round of the after house and bring up, safe from detection, by the wheel again.  The mate was in a chair, looking sick and dazed, and Turner and Vail were confronting each other.  "You know that is a lie," Vail was saying.  "She is faithful to you, as far as I know, although I'm damned if I know why."  He turned to the mate roughly: "Better get out in the air."  Once again I left my window to avoid discovery.  The mate, walking slowly, made his way up the companionway to the rail.  The man at the wheel reported in the forecastle, when he came down at the end of his watch, that Singleton had seemed dazed, and had stood leaning against the rail for some time, occasionally cursing to himself; that the second mate had come on deck, and had sent him to bed; and that the captain was shut in his cabin with the light going.  There was much discussion of the incident among the crew.  Sympathy was with the captain, and there was a general feeling that the end had not come.  Charlie Jones, reading his Bible on the edge of his bunk, voiced the general belief.  "Knowin' the Turners, hull and mast," he said, "and having sailed with Captain Richardson off and on for ten years, the chances is good of our having a hell of a time.  It ain't natural, anyhow, this voyage with no rats in the hold, and all the insects killed with this here formaldehyde, and ice-cream sent to the fo'c'sle on Sundays!"  But at first the thing seemed smoothed over.  It is true that the captain did not speak to the first mate except when compelled to, and that Turner and the captain ignored each other elaborately. The cruise went on without event.  There was no attempt on Turner's part to carry out his threat of the night before; nor did he, as the crew had prophesied, order the Ella into the nearest port.  He kept much to himself, spending whole days below, with Williams carrying him highballs, always appearing at dinner, however, sodden of face but immaculately dressed, and eating little or nothing.  A week went by in this fashion, luring us all to security.  I was still lean but fairly strong again.  Vail, left to himself or to the women of the party, took to talking with me now and then.  I thought he was uneasy.  More than once he expressed a regret that he had taken the cruise, laying his discontent to the long inaction. But the real reason was Turner's jealousy of him, the obsession of the dipsomaniac.  I knew it, and Vail knew that I knew.  On the 8th we encountered bad weather, the first wind of the cruise. All hands were required for tacking, and I was stationed on the forecastle-head with one other man.  Williams, the butler, succumbed to the weather, and at five o'clock Miss Lee made her way forward through the driving rain, and asked me if I could take his place. "I said he ought to be able to fake a good story; but he maintained that a newspaper could smell a faked story a mile away, and that, anyhow, all the good stunts had been pulled off. I agreed with him. I remember saying that nothing but a railroad wreck or a murder hit the public very hard these days, and that I didn't feel like wrecking the Pennsylvania Limited.  "He leaned over the table and looked at me. 'Well, how about a murder, then?' he said. 'You get the story for your paper, and I get some advertising for the theater. We need it, that's sure.'  "I laughed it off, and we separated. But at two o'clock Bronson called me up again. I met him in his office at the theater, and he told me that Jennie Brice, who was out of the cast that week, had asked for a week's vacation. She had heard of a farm at a town called Horner, and she wanted to go there to rest.  "'Now the idea is this,' he said. 'She's living with her husband, and he has threatened her life more than once. It would be easy enough to frame up something to look as if he'd made away with her. We'd get a week of excitement, more advertising than we'd ordinarily get in a year; you get a corking news story, and find Jennie Brice at the end, getting the credit for that. Jennie gets a hundred dollars and a rest, and Ladley, her husband, gets, say, two hundred.'  "Mr. Bronson offered to put up the money, and I agreed. The flood came just then, and was considerable help. It made a good setting. I went to my city editor, and got an assignment to interview Ladley about this play of his. Then Bronson and I went together to see the Ladleys on Sunday morning, and as they needed money, they agreed. But Ladley insisted on fifty dollars a week extra if he had to go to jail. We promised it, but we did not intend to let things go so far as that.  "In the Ladleys' room that Sunday morning, we worked it all out. The hardest thing was to get Jennie Brice's consent; but she agreed, finally. We arranged a list of clues, to be left around, and Ladley was to go out in the night and to be heard coming back. I told him to quarrel with his wife that afternoon,--although I don't believe they needed to be asked to do it,--and I suggested also the shoe or slipper, to be found floating around."  "Just a moment," said Mr. Holcombe, busy with his note-book. "Did you suggest the onyx clock?"  "No. No clock was mentioned. The--the clock has puzzled me."  "The towel?"  "Yes. I said no murder was complete without blood, but he kicked on that--said he didn't mind the rest, but he'd be hanged if he was going to slash himself. But, as it happened, he cut his wrist while cutting the boat loose, and so we had the towel."  "Pillow-slip?" asked Mr. Holcombe.  "Well, no. There was nothing said about a pillow-slip. Didn't he say he burned it accidentally?"  "So he claimed." Mr. Holcombe made another entry in his book.  "Then I said every murder had a weapon. He was to have a pistol at first, but none of us owned one. Mrs. Ladley undertook to get a knife from Mrs. Pitman's kitchen, and to leave it around, not in full view, but where it could be found."  "A broken knife?"  "No. Just a knife."  "He was to throw the knife into the water?"  "That was not arranged. I only gave him a general outline. He was to add any interesting details that might occur to him. The idea, of course, was to give the police plenty to work on, and just when they thought they had it all, and when the theater had had a lot of booming, and I had got a good story, to produce Jennie Brice, safe and well. We were not to appear in it at all. It would have worked perfectly, but we forgot to count on one thing--Jennie Brice hated her husband."  "Not really hated him!" cried Lida.  "_Hated_ him. She is letting him hang. She could save him by coming forward now, and she won't do it. She is hiding so he will go to the gallows."  There was a pause at that. It seemed too incredible, too inhuman.  "Then, early that Monday morning, you smuggled Jennie Brice out of the city?"  "Yes. That was the only thing we bungled. We fixed the hour a little too late, and I was seen by Miss Harvey's uncle, walking across the bridge with a woman."  "Why did you meet her openly, and take her to the train?"  Mr. Howell bent forward and smiled across at the little man. "One of your own axioms, sir," he said. "Do the natural thing; upset the customary order of events as little as possible. Jennie Brice went to the train, because that was where she wanted to go. But as Ladley was to protest that his wife had left town, and as the police would be searching for a solitary woman, I went with her. We went in a leisurely manner. I bought her a magazine and a morning paper, asked the conductor to fix her window, and, in general, acted the devoted husband seeing his wife off on a trip. I even"--he smiled--"I even promised to feed the canary."  Lida took her hands away. "Did you kiss her good-by?" she demanded.  "Not even a chaste salute," he said. His spirits were rising. It was, as often happens, as if the mere confession removed the guilt. I have seen little boys who have broken a window show the same relief after telling about it.  "For a day or two Bronson and I sat back, enjoying the stir-up. Things turned out as we had expected. Business boomed at the theater. I got a good story, and some few kind words from my city editor. Then--the explosion came. I got a letter from Jennie Brice saying she was going away, and that we need not try to find her. I went to Horner, but I had lost track of her completely. Even then, we did not believe things so bad as they turned out to be. We thought she was giving us a bad time, but that she would show up.  "Ladley was in a blue funk for a time. Bronson and I went to him. We told him how the thing had slipped up. We didn't want to go to the police and confess if we could help it. Finally, he agreed to stick it out until she was found, at a hundred dollars a week. It took all we could beg, borrow and steal. But now--we have to come out with the story anyhow."  Mr. Holcombe sat up and closed his note-book with a snap. "I'm not so sure of that," he said impressively. "I wonder if you realize, young man, that, having provided a perfect defense for this man Ladley, you provided him with every possible inducement to make away with his wife? Secure in your coming forward at the last minute and confessing the hoax to save him, was there anything he might not have dared with impunity?"  "But I tell you I took Jennie Brice out of town on Monday morning."  "_Did you_?" asked Mr. Holcombe sternly.  But at that, the school-teacher, having come home and found old Isaac sound asleep in her cozy corner, set up such a screaming for the police that our meeting broke up. Nor would Mr. Holcombe explain any further.      Mr. Holcombe was up very early the next morning. I heard him moving around at five o'clock, and at six he banged at my door and demanded to know at what time the neighborhood rose: he had been up for an hour and there were no signs of life. He was more cheerful after he had had a cup of coffee, commented on Lida's beauty, and said that Howell was a lucky chap.  "That is what worries me, Mr. Holcombe," I said. "I am helping the affair along and--what if it turns out badly?"  He looked at me over his glasses. "It isn't likely to turn out badly," he said. "I have never married, Mrs. Pitman, and I have missed a great deal out of life."  "Perhaps you're better off: if you had married and lost your wife--" I was thinking of Mr. Pitman.  "Not at all," he said with emphasis. "It's better to have married and lost than never to have married at all. Every man needs a good woman, and it doesn't matter how old he is. The older he is, the more he needs her. I am nearly sixty."  I was rather startled, and I almost dropped the fried potatoes. But the next moment he had got out his note-book and was going over the items again. "Pillow-slip," he said, "knife _broken_, onyx clock--wouldn't think so much of the clock if he hadn't been so damnably anxious to hide the key, the discrepancy in time as revealed by the trial--yes, it is as clear as a bell. Mrs. Pitman, does that Maguire woman next door sleep all day?"  "She's up now," I said, looking out the window.  He was in the hall in a moment, only to come to the door later, hat in hand. "Is she the only other woman on the street who keeps boarders?"  "She's the only woman who doesn't," I snapped. "She'll keep anything that doesn't belong to her--except boarders."  "Ah!"  He lighted his corn-cob pipe and stood puffing at it and watching me. He made me uneasy: I thought he was going to continue the subject of every man needing a wife, and I'm afraid I had already decided to take him if he offered, and to put the school-teacher out and have a real parlor again, but to keep Mr. Reynolds, he being tidy and no bother.  But when he spoke, he was back to the crime again: "Did you ever work a typewriter?" he asked.  What with the surprise, I was a little sharp. "I don't play any instrument except an egg-beater," I replied shortly, and went on clearing the table.  "I wonder--do you remember about the village idiot and the horse? But of course you do, Mrs. Pitman; you are a woman of imagination. Don't you think you could be Alice Murray for a few moments? Now think--you are a stenographer with theatrical ambitions: you meet an actor and you fall in love with him, and he with you."  "That's hard to imagine, that last."  "Not so hard," he said gently. "Now the actor is going to put you on the stage, perhaps in this new play, and some day he is going to marry you."  "Is that what he promised the girl?"  "According to some letters her mother found, yes. The actor is married, but he tells you he will divorce the wife; you are to wait for him, and in the meantime he wants you near him; away from the office, where other men are apt to come in with letters to be typed, and to chaff you. You are a pretty girl."  "It isn't necessary to overwork my imagination," I said, with a little bitterness. I had been a pretty girl, but work and worry--  "Now you are going to New York very soon, and in the meantime you have cut yourself off from all your people. You have no one but this man. What would you do? Where would you go?"  "How old was the girl?"  "Nineteen."  "I think," I said slowly, "that if I were nineteen, and in love with a man, and hiding, I would hide as near him as possible. I'd be likely to get a window that could see his going out and coming in, a place so near that he could come often to see me."  "Bravo!" he exclaimed. "Of course, with your present wisdom and experience, you would do nothing so foolish. But this girl was in her teens; she was not very far away, for he probably saw her that Sunday afternoon, when he was out for two hours. And as the going was slow that day, and he had much to tell and explain, I figure she was not far off. Probably in this very neighborhood."  During the remainder of that morning I saw Mr. Holcombe, at intervals, going from house to house along Union Street, making short excursions into side thoroughfares, coming back again and taking up his door-bell ringing with unflagging energy. I watched him off and on for two hours. At the end of that time he came back flushed and excited.  "I found the house," he said, wiping his glasses. "She was there, all right, not so close as we had thought, but as close as she could get."  "And can you trace her?" I asked.  His face changed and saddened. "Poor child!" he said. "She is dead, Mrs. Pitman!"  "Not she--at Sewickley!"  "No," he said patiently. "That was Jennie Brice."  "But--Mr. Howell--"  "Mr. Howell is a young ass," he said with irritation. "He did not take Jennie Brice out of the city that morning. He took Alice Murray in Jennie Brice's clothing, and veiled."  Well, that is five years ago. Five times since then the Allegheny River, from being a mild and inoffensive stream, carrying a few boats and a great deal of sewage, has become, a raging destroyer, and has filled our hearts with fear and our cellars with mud. Five times since then Molly Maguire has appropriated all that the flood carried from my premises to hers, and five times have I lifted my carpets and moved Mr. Holcombe, who occupies the parlor bedroom, to a second-floor room.  A few days ago, as I said at the beginning, we found Peter's body floating in the cellar, and as soon as the yard was dry, I buried him. He had grown fat and lazy, but I shall miss him.  Yesterday a riverman fell off a barge along the water-front and was drowned. They dragged the river for his body, but they did not find him. But they found something--an onyx clock, with the tattered remnant of a muslin pillow-slip wrapped around it. It only bore out the story, as we had known it for five years.  The Murray girl had lived long enough to make a statement to the police, although Mr. Holcombe only learned this later. On the statement being shown to Ladley in the jail, and his learning of the girl's death, he collapsed. He confessed before he was hanged, and his confession, briefly, was like this:  He had met the Murray girl in connection with the typing of his play, and had fallen in love with her. He had never cared for his wife, and would have been glad to get rid of her in any way possible. He had not intended to kill her, however. He had planned to elope with the Murray girl, and awaiting an opportunity, had persuaded her to leave home and to take a room near my house.  Here he had visited her daily, while his wife was at the theater.  They had planned to go to New York together on Monday, March the fifth. On Sunday, the fourth, however, Mr. Bronson and Mr. Howell had made their curious proposition. When he accepted, Philip Ladley maintained that he meant only to carry out the plan as suggested. But the temptation was too strong for him. That night, while his wife slept, he had strangled her.  I believe he was frantic with fear, after he had done it. Then it occurred to him that if he made the body unrecognizable, he would be safe enough. On that quiet Sunday night, when Mr. Reynolds reported all peaceful in the Ladley room, he had cut off the poor wretch's head and had tied it up in a pillow-slip weighted with my onyx clock!  It is a curious fact about the case that the scar which his wife incurred to enable her to marry him was the means of his undoing. He insisted, and I believe he was telling the truth, that he did not know of the scar: that is, his wife had never told him of it, and had been able to conceal it. He thought she had probably used paraffin in some way.  In his final statement, written with great care and no little literary finish, he told the story in detail: of arranging the clues as Mr. Howell and Mr. Bronson had suggested; of going out in the boat, with the body, covered with a fur coat, in the bottom of the skiff: of throwing it into the current above the Ninth Street bridge, and of seeing the fur coat fall from the boat and carried beyond his reach; of disposing of the head near the Seventh Street bridge: of going to a drug store, as per the Howell instructions, and of coming home at four o'clock, to find me at the head of the stairs.  [Illustration: While his wife slept.]  Several points of confusion remained. One had been caused by Temple Hope's refusal to admit that the dress and hat that figured in the case were to be used by her the next week at the theater. Mr. Ladley insisted that this was the case, and that on that Sunday afternoon his wife had requested him to take them to Miss Hope; that they had quarreled as to whether they should be packed in a box or in the brown valise, and that he had visited Alice Murray instead. It was on the way there that the idea of finally getting rid of Jennie Brice came to him. And a way--using the black and white striped dress of the dispute.  Another point of confusion had been the dismantling of his room that Monday night, some time between the visit of Temple Hope and the return of Mr. Holcombe. This was to obtain the scrap of paper containing the list of clues as suggested by Mr. Howell, a clue that might have brought about a premature discovery of the so-called hoax.  To the girl he had told nothing of his plan. But he had told her she was to leave town on an early train the next morning, going as his wife; that he wished her to wear the black and white dress and hat, for reasons that he would explain later, and to be veiled heavily, that to the young man who would put her on the train, and who had seen Jennie Brice only once, she was to be Jennie Brice; to say as little as possible and not to raise her veil. Her further instructions were simple: to go to the place at Horner where Jennie Brice had planned to go, but to use the name of "Bellows" there. And after she had been there for a day or two, to go as quietly as possible to New York. He gave her the address of a boarding-house where he could write her, and where he would join her later.  He reasoned in this way: That as Alice Murray was to impersonate Jennie Brice, and Jennie Brice hiding from her husband, she would naturally discard her name. The name "Bellows" had been hers by a previous marriage and she might easily resume it. Thus, to establish his innocence, he had not only the evidence of Howell and Bronson that the whole thing was a gigantic hoax; he had the evidence of Howell that he had started Jennie Brice to Horner that Monday morning, that she had reached Horner, had there assumed an incognito, as Mr. Pitman would say, and had later disappeared from there, maliciously concealing herself to work his undoing.  In all probability he would have gone free, seeing no one in the church in all that throng but the boy who waited at the end of the long church aisle--I wanted to run out and claim her, my own blood, my more than child.  I sat down and covered my face. And from the pew behind me some one leaned over and patted my shoulder.  "Miss Bess!" old Isaac said gently. "Don't take on, Miss Bess!"  He came the next day and brought me some lilies from the bride's bouquet, that she had sent me, and a bottle of champagne from the wedding supper. I had not tasted champagne for twenty years!  That is all of the story. Margery was essentially feminine.  "What did I tell you?" she asked. "Some one was in this house last night; I heard them distinctly. There must have been two, and they quarreled--" she shuddered.  We went on down-stairs into the quiet and peace of the dining-room again. I got some hot coffee for Margery, for she looked shaken, and found I had missed my train.  "I am beginning to think I am being pursued by a malicious spirit," she said, trying to smile. "I came away from home because people got into the house at night and left queer signs of their visits, and now, here at Bellwood, where nothing _ever_ happens, the moment I arrive things begin to occur. And--just as it was at home--the house was so well locked last night."  I did not tell her of the open hall door, just as I had kept from her the fact that only the contents of Harry Wardrop's bag had been taken. That it had all been the work of one person, and that that person, having in some way access to the house, had also stolen the pearls, was now my confident belief.  I looked at Bella--the maid--as she moved around the dining-room; her stolid face was not even intelligent; certainly not cunning. Heppie, the cook and only other servant, was partly blind and her horizon was the diameter of her largest kettle. No--it had not been a servant, this mysterious intruder who passed the Maitland silver on the sideboard without an attempt to take it, and who floundered around an attic at night, in search of nothing more valuable than patchwork quilts and winter flannels. It is strange to look back and think how quietly we sat there; that we could see nothing but burglary--or an attempt at it--in what we had found.  It must have been after nine o'clock when Bella came running into the room. Ordinarily a slow and clumsy creature, she almost flew. She had a tray in her hand, and the dishes were rattling and threatening overthrow at every step. She brought up against a chair, and a cup went flying. The breaking of a cup must have been a serious offense in Miss Letitia Maitland's house, but Bella took no notice whatever of it.  "Miss Jane," she gasped, "Miss Jane, she's--she's--"  "Hurt!" Margery exclaimed, rising and clutching at the table for support.  "No. Gone--she's gone! She's been run off with!"  "Nonsense!" I said, seeing Margery's horrified face. "Don't come in here with such a story. If Miss Jane is not in her room, she is somewhere else, that's all."  Bella stooped and gathered up the broken cup, her lips moving. Margery had recovered herself. She made Bella straighten and explain.  "Do you mean--she is not in her room?" she asked incredulously. "Isn't she somewhere around the house?"  "Go up and look at the room," the girl replied, and, with Margery leading, we ran up the stairs.  Miss Jane's room was empty. From somewhere near Miss Letitia could be heard lecturing Hepsibah about putting too much butter on the toast. Her high voice, pitched for Heppie's old ears, rasped me. Margery closed the door, and we surveyed the room together.  The bed had been occupied; its coverings had been thrown back, as if its occupant had risen hurriedly. The room itself was in a state of confusion; a rocker lay on its side, and Miss Jane's clothing, folded as she had taken it off, had slid off on to the floor. Her shoes stood neatly at the foot of the bed, and a bottle of toilet vinegar had been upset, pouring a stream over the marble top of the dresser and down on to the floor. Over the high wooden mantel the Maitland who had been governor of the state years ago hung at a waggish angle, and a clock had been pushed aside and stopped at half-past one.  Margery stared around her in bewilderment. Of course, it was not until later in the day that I saw all the details. My first impression was of confusion and disorder: the room seemed to have been the scene of a struggle. The overturned furniture, the clothes on the floor, the picture, coupled with the print of the hand on the staircase and Miss Jane's disappearance, all seemed to point to one thing.  And as if to prove it conclusively, Margery picked up Miss Jane's new lace cap from the floor. It was crumpled and spotted with blood.  "She has been killed," Margery said, in a choking voice. "Killed, and she had not an enemy in the world!"  "But where is she?" I asked stupidly.  Margery had more presence of mind than I had; I suppose it is because woman's courage is mental and man's physical, that in times of great strain women always make the better showing. While I was standing in the middle of the room, staring at the confusion around me, Margery was already on her knees, looking under the high, four-post bed. Finding nothing there she went to the closet. It was undisturbed. Pathetic rows of limp black dresses and on the shelves two black crepe bonnets were mute reminders of the little old lady. But there was nothing else in the room.  "Call Robert, the gardener," Margery said quickly, "and have him help you search the grounds and cellars. I will take Bella and go through the house. Above everything, keep it from Aunt Letitia as long as possible."  I locked the door into the disordered room, and with my head whirling, I went to look for Robert.  It takes a short time to search an acre of lawn and shrubbery. There was no trace of the missing woman anywhere outside the house, and from Bella, as she sat at the foot of the front stairs with her apron over her head, I learned in a monosyllable that nothing had been found in the house. Margery was with Miss Letitia, and from the excited conversation I knew she was telling her--not harrowing details, but that Miss Jane had disappeared during the night.  The old lady was inclined to scoff at first.  "Look in the fruit closet in the store-room," I heard her say. "She's let the spring lock shut on her twice; she was black in the face the last time we found her."  "I did look; she's not there," Margery screamed at her.  "Then she's out looking for stump water to take that wart off her neck. She said yesterday she was going for some."  "But her clothes are all here," Margery persisted. "We think some one must have got in the house."  "If all her clothes are there she's been sleep-walking," Miss Letitia said calmly. "We used to have to tie her by a cord around her ankle and fasten it to the bedpost. When she tried to get up the cord would pull and wake her."  I think after a time, however, some of Margery's uneasiness communicated itself to the older woman. She finished dressing, and fumed when we told her we had locked Miss Jane's door and mislaid the key. Finally, Margery got her settled in the back parlor with some peppermints and her knitting; she had a feeling, she said, that Jane had gone after the stump water and lost her way, and I told Margery to keep her in that state of mind as long as she could.  I sent for Hunter that morning and he came at three o'clock. I took him through the back entrance to avoid Miss Letitia. I think he had been skeptical until I threw open the door and showed him the upset chair, the old lady's clothing, and the bloodstained lace cap. His examination was quick and thorough. He took a crumpled sheet of note paper out of the waste-basket and looked at it, then he stuffed it in his pocket. He sniffed the toilet water, called Margery and asked her if any clothing was missing, and on receiving a negative answer asked if any shawls or wraps were gone from the halls or other rooms. Margery reported nothing missing.  Before he left the room, Hunter went back and moved the picture which had been disturbed over the mantel. What he saw made him get a chair and, standing on it, take the picture from its nail. Thus exposed, the wall showed an opening about a foot square, and perhaps eighteen inches deep. A metal door, opening in, was unfastened and ajar, and just inside was a copy of a recent sentimental novel and a bottle of some sort of complexion cream. In spite of myself, I smiled; it was so typical of the dear old lady, with the heart of a girl and a skin that was losing its roses. But there was something else in the receptacle, something that made Margery Fleming draw in her breath sharply, and made Hunter raise his eyebrows a little and glance at me. The something was a scrap of unruled white paper, and on it the figures eleven twenty-two!      Harry Wardrop came back from the city at four o'clock, while Hunter was in the midst of his investigation. I met him in the hall and told him what had happened, and with this new apprehension added to the shock of the night before, he looked as though his nerves were ready to snap.  Wardrop was a man of perhaps twenty-seven, as tall as I, although not so heavy, with direct blue eyes and fair hair; altogether a manly and prepossessing sort of fellow. I was not surprised that Margery Fleming had found him attractive--he had the blond hair and off-hand manner that women seem to like. I am dark, myself.  He seemed surprised to find Hunter there, and not particularly pleased, but he followed us to the upper floor and watched silently while Hunter went over the two rooms. Beside the large chest of drawers in the main attic Hunter found perhaps half a dozen drops of blood, and on the edge of the open drawer there were traces of more. In the inner room two trunks had been moved out nearly a foot, as he found by the faint dust that had been under them. With the stain on the stair rail, that was all he discovered, and it was little enough. Then he took out his note-book and there among the trunks we had a little seance of our own, in which Hunter asked questions, and whoever could do so answered them.  "Have you a pencil or pen, Mr. Knox?" he asked me, but I had none. Wardrop felt his pockets, with no better success.  "I have lost my fountain pen somewhere around the house to-day," he said irritably. "Here's a pencil--not much of one."  Hunter began his interrogations.  "How old was Miss Maitland--Miss Jane, I mean?"  "Sixty-five," from Margery.  "She had always seemed rational? Not eccentric, or childish?"  "Not at all; the sanest woman I ever knew." This from Wardrop.  "Has she ever, to your knowledge, received any threatening letters?"  "Never in all her life," from both of them promptly.  "You heard sounds, you say, Miss Fleming. At what time?"  "About half-past one or perhaps a few minutes later. The clock struck two while I was still awake and nervous."  "This person who was walking through the attics here--would you say it was a heavy person? A man, I mean?"  Margery stopped to think.  "Yes," she said finally. "It was very stealthy, but I think it was a man's step."  "You heard no sound of a struggle? No voices? No screams?"  "None at all," she said positively. And I added my quota.  "There could have been no such sounds," I said. "I sat in my room and smoked until a quarter to two. I heard nothing until then, when I heard Mr. Wardrop trying to get into the house. I went down to admit him, and--I found the front door open about an inch."  Hunter wheeled on Wardrop.  "A quarter to two?" he asked. "You were coming home from--the city?"  "Yes, from the station."  Hunter watched him closely.  "The last train gets in here at twelve-thirty," he said slowly. "Does it always take you an hour and a quarter to walk the three squares to the house?"  Wardrop flushed uneasily, and I could see Margery's eyes dilate with amazement. As for me, I could only stare.  "I did not come directly home," he said, almost defiantly.  Hunter's voice was as smooth as silk.  "Then--will you be good enough to tell me where you did go?" he asked. "I have reasons for wanting to know."  "Damn your reasons--I beg your pardon, Margery. Look here, Mr. Hunter, do you think I would hurt a hair of that old lady's head? Do you think I came here last night and killed her, or whatever it is that has happened to her? And then went out and tried to get in again through the window?"  "Not necessarily," Hunter said, unruffled. "It merely occurred to me that we have at least an hour of your time last night, while this thing was going on, to account for. However, we can speak of that later. I am practically certain of one thing, Miss Maitland is not dead, or was not dead when she was taken away from this house."  "Taken away!" Margery repeated. "Then you think she was kidnapped?"  "Well, it is possible. It's a puzzling affair all through. You are certain there are no closets or unused rooms where, if there had been a murder, the body could be concealed."  "I never heard of any," Margery said, but I saw Wardrop's face change on the instant. He said nothing, however, but stood frowning at the floor, with his hands deep in his coat pockets.  Margery was beginning to show the effect of the long day's strain; she began to cry a little, and with an air of proprietorship that I resented, somehow, Wardrop went over to her.  "You are going to lie down, Margery," he said, holding out his hand to help her up. "Mrs. Mellon will come over to Aunt Letitia, and you must get some sleep."  "Sleep!" she said with scorn, as he helped her to her feet. "Sleep, when things like this are occurring! Father first, and now dear old Aunt Jane! Harry, do you know where my father is?"  He faced her, as if he had known the question must come and was prepared for it.  "I know that he is all right, Margery. He has been--out of town. If it had not been for something unforeseen that--happened within the last few hours, he would have been home to-day."  She drew a long breath of relief.  "And Aunt Jane?" she asked Hunter, from the head of the attic stairs, "you do not think she is dead?"  "Not until we have found something more," he answered tactlessly. "It's like where there's smoke there's fire; where there's murder there's a body."  When they had both gone, Hunter sat down on a trunk and drew out a cigar that looked like a bomb.  "What do you think of it?" I asked, when he showed no disposition to talk.  "I'll be damned if I know," he responded, looking around for some place to expectorate and finding none.  "The window," I suggested, and he went over to it. When he came back he had a rather peculiar expression. He sat down and puffed for a moment.  "In the first place," he began, "we can take it for granted that, unless she was crazy or sleep-walking, she didn't go out in her night-clothes, and there's nothing of hers missing. She wasn't taken in a carriage, providing she was taken at all. There's not a mark of wheels on that drive newer than a week, and besides, you say you heard nothing."  "Nothing," I said positively.  "Then, unless she went away in a balloon, where it wouldn't matter what she had on, she is still around the premises. It depends on how badly she was hurt."  "Are you sure it was she who was hurt?" I asked. "That print of a hand--that is not Miss Jane's."  In reply Hunter led the way down the stairs to the place where the stain on the stair rail stood out, ugly and distinct. He put his own heavy hand on the rail just below it.  "Suppose," he said, "suppose you grip something very hard, what happens to your hand?"  "It spreads," I acknowledged, seeing what he meant.  "Now, look at that stain. Look at the short fingers--why, it's a child's hand beside mine. The breadth is from pressure. It might be figured out this way. The fingers, you notice, point down the stairs. In some way, let us say, the burglar, for want of a better name, gets into the house. He used a ladder resting against that window by the chest of drawers."  "Ladder!" I exclaimed.  "Yes, there is a pruning ladder there. Now then--he comes down these stairs, and he has a definite object. He knows of something valuable in that cubby hole over the mantel in Miss Jane's room. How does he get in? The door into the upper hall is closed and bolted, but the door into the bath-room is open. From there another door leads into the bedroom, and it has no bolt--only a key. That kind of a lock is only a three-minutes delay, or less. Now then, Miss Maitland was a light sleeper. When she wakened she was too alarmed to scream; she tried to get to the door and was intercepted. Finally she got out the way the intruder got in, and ran along the hall. Every door was locked. In a frenzy she ran up the attic stairs and was captured up there. Which bears out Miss Margery's story of the footsteps back and forward."  "Good heavens, what an awful thing!" I gasped. "And I was sitting smoking just across the hall."  "He brings her down the stairs again, probably half dragging her. Once, she catches hold of the stair rail, and holds desperately to it, leaving the stain here."  "But why did he bring her down?" I asked bewildered. "Why wouldn't he take what he was after and get away?"  Hunter smoked and meditated.  "She probably had to get the key of the iron door," he suggested. "It was hidden, and time was valuable. If there was a scapegrace member of the family, for instance, who knew where the old lady kept money, and who needed it badly; who knew all about the house, and who--"  "Fleming!" I exclaimed, aghast.  "Or even our young friend, Wardrop," Hunter said quietly. "He has an hour to account for. The trying to get in may have been a blind, and how do you know that what he says was stolen out of his satchel was not what he had just got from the iron box over the mantel in Miss Maitland's room?"  I was dizzy with trying to follow Hunter's facile imagination. The thing we were trying to do was to find the old lady, and, after all, here we brought up against the same _impasse_.  "Then where is she now?" I asked. He meditated. He had sat down on the narrow stairs, and was rubbing his chin with a thoughtful forefinger. "One-thirty, Miss Margery says, when she heard the noise. One-forty-five when you heard Wardrop at the shutters. I tell you, Knox, it is one of two things: either that woman is dead somewhere in this house, or she ran out of the hall door just before you went down-stairs, and in that case the Lord only knows where she is. If there is a room anywhere that we have not explored--"  "I am inclined to think there is," I broke in, thinking of Wardrop's face a few minutes before. And just then Wardrop himself joined us. He closed the door at the foot of the boxed-in staircase, and came quietly up.  "You spoke about an unused room or a secret closet, Mr. Hunter," he said, without any resentment in his tone. "We have nothing so sensational as that, but the old house is full of queer nooks and crannies, and perhaps, in one of them, we might find--" he stopped and gulped. Whatever Hunter might think, whatever I might have against Harry Wardrop, I determined then that he had had absolutely nothing to do with little Miss Maitland's strange disappearance.  The first place we explored was a closed and walled-in wine-cellar, long unused, and to which access was gained by a small window in the stone foundation of the house. "I--said--I--had--lost--some--of--the--pearls--well--I--haven't."  She didn't expect me to believe her, any more than she believed it herself. But why on earth she had changed her attitude about the pearls was beyond me. I merely nodded comprehensively.  "Very well," I said, "I'm glad to know it was a mistake. Now, the next thing is to find Miss Jane."  "We have found her," she said tartly. "That's what I sent for you about."  "Found her!" This time I did get out of my chair. "What on earth do you mean, Miss Letitia? Why, we've been scouring the country for her."  She opened a religious monthly on the table beside her, and took out a folded paper. I had to control my impatience while she changed her glasses and read it slowly.  "Heppie found it on the back porch, under a milk bottle," she prefaced. Then she read it to me. I do not remember the wording, and Miss Letitia refused, both then and later, to let it out of her hands. As a result, unlike the other manuscripts in the case, I have not even a copy. The substance, shorn of its bad spelling and grammar, was this:  The writer knew where Miss Jane was; the inference being that he was responsible. She was well and happy, but she had happened to read a newspaper with an account of her disappearance, and it had worried her. The payment of the small sum of five thousand dollars would send her back as well as the day she left. The amount, left in a tin can on the base of the Maitland shaft in the cemetery, would bring the missing lady back within twenty-four hours. On the contrary, if the recipient of the letter notified the police, it would go hard with Miss Jane.  "What do you think of it?" she asked, looking at me over her glasses. "If she was fool enough to be carried away by a man that spells cemetery with one m, she deserves what she's got. And I won't pay five thousand, anyhow, it's entirely too much."  "It doesn't sound quite genuine to me," I said, reading it over. "I should certainly not leave any money until we had tried to find who left this."  "I'm not so sure but what she'd better stay a while anyhow," Miss Letitia pursued. "Now that we know she's living, I ain't so particular when she gets back. She's been notionate lately anyhow."  I had been reading the note again. "There's one thing here that makes me doubt the whole story," I said. "What's this about her reading the papers? I thought her reading glasses were found in the library."  Miss Letitia snatched the paper from me and read it again.  "Reading the paper!" she sniffed. "You've got more sense than I've been giving you credit for, Knox. Her glasses are here this minute; without them she can't see to scratch her nose."  It was a disappointment to me, although the explanation was simple enough. It was surprising that we had not had more attempts to play on our fears. But the really important thing bearing on Miss Jane's departure was when Heppie came into the room, with her apron turned up like a pocket and her dust cap pushed down over her eyes like the slouch hat of a bowery tough.  When she got to the middle of the room she stopped and abruptly dropped the corners of her apron. There rolled out a heterogeneous collection of things: a white muslin garment which proved to be a nightgown, with long sleeves and high collar; a half-dozen hair curlers--I knew those; Edith had been seen, in midnight emergencies, with her hair twisted around just such instruments of torture--a shoe buttoner; a railroad map, and one new and unworn black kid glove.  Miss Letitia changed her glasses deliberately, and took a comprehensive survey of the things on the floor.  "Where did you get 'em?" she said, fixing Heppie with an awful eye.  "I found 'em stuffed under the blankets in the chest of drawers in the attic," Heppie shouted at her. "If we'd washed blankets last week, as I wanted to--"  "Shut up!" Miss Letitia said shortly, and Heppie's thin lips closed with a snap. "Now then, Knox, what do you make of that?"  "If that's the nightgown she was wearing the night she disappeared, I think it shows one thing very clearly, Miss Maitland. She was not abducted, and she knew perfectly well what she was about. None of her clothes was missing, and that threw us off the track; but look at this new glove! She may have had new things to put on and left the old. The map--well, she was going somewhere, with a definite purpose. When we find out what took her away, we will find her."  "Humph!"  "She didn't go unexpectedly--that is, she was prepared for whatever it was."  "I don't believe a word of it," the old lady burst out. "She didn't have a secret; she was the kind that couldn't keep a secret. She wasn't responsible, I tell you; she was extravagant. Look at that glove! And she had three pairs half worn in her bureau."  "Miss Maitland," I asked suddenly, "did you ever hear of eleven twenty-two?"  "Eleven twenty-two what?"  "Just the number, eleven twenty-two," I repeated. "Does it mean anything to you? Has it any significance?"  "I should say it has," she retorted. "In the last ten years the Colored Orphans' Home has cared for, fed, clothed, and pampered exactly eleven hundred and twenty-two colored children, of every condition of shape and misshape, brains and no brains."  "It has no other connection?"  "Eleven twenty-two? Twice eleven is twenty-two, if that's any help. No, I can't think of anything. I loaned Allan Fleming a thousand dollars once; I guess my mind was failing. It would be about eleven twenty-two by this time."  Neither of which explanations sufficed for the little scrap found in Miss Jane's room. What connection, if any, had it with her flight? Where was she now. What was eleven twenty-two? And why did Miss Letitia deny that she had lost the pearls, when I already knew that nine of the ten had been sold, who had bought them, and approximately how much he had paid?      I ate a light lunch at Bellwood, alone, with Bella to look after me in the dining-room. She was very solicitous, and when she had brought my tea, I thought she wanted to say something. She stood awkwardly near the door, and watched me.  "You needn't wait, Bella," I said.  "I beg your pardon, sir, but--I wanted to ask you--is Miss Fleming well?"  "She was not very well this morning, but I don't think it is serious, Bella," I replied. She turned to go, but I fancied she hesitated.  "Oh, Bella," I called, as she was going out, "I want to ask you something. The night at the Fleming home, when you and I watched the house, didn't you hear some person running along the hall outside your door? About two o'clock, I think?"  She looked at me stolidly.  "No, sir, I slept all night."  "That's strange. And you didn't hear me when I fell down the dumb-waiter shaft?"  "Holy saints!" she ejaculated. "Was _that_ where you fell!"  She stopped herself abruptly.  "You heard that?" I asked gently, "and yet you slept all night? Bella, there's a hitch somewhere. You didn't sleep that night, at all; you told Miss Fleming I had been up all night. How did you know that? If I didn't know that you couldn't possibly get around as fast as the--person in the house that night, I would say you had been in Mr. Fleming's desk, looking for--let us say, postage stamps. May I have another cup of coffee?"  She turned a sickly yellow white, and gathered up my cup and saucer with trembling hands. When the coffee finally came back it was brought grumblingly by old Heppie. "She says she's turned her ankle," she sniffed. "Turned it on a lathe, like a table leg, I should say, from the shape of it." Before I left the dining-room I put another line in my note-book:  "What does Bella know?"  I got back to the city somewhat late for my appointment with Burton. I found Wardrop waiting for me at the office, and if I had been astonished at the change in him two nights before, I was shocked now. He seemed to have shrunk in his clothes; his eyeballs were bloodshot from drinking, and his fair hair had dropped, neglected, over his forehead. He was sitting in his familiar attitude, his elbows on his knees, his chin on his palms.  He looked at me with dull eyes, when I went in. I did not see Burton at first. He was sitting on my desk, holding a flat can in his hand, and digging out with a wooden toothpick one sardine after another and bolting them whole.  "Your good health," he said, poising one in the air, where it threatened oily tears over the carpet. "As an appetite-quencher and thirst-producer, give me the festive sardine. How lovely it would be if we could eat 'em without smelling 'em!"  "Don't you do anything but eat?" Wardrop asked, without enthusiasm.  Burton eyed him reproachfully. "Is that what I get for doing without lunch, in order to prove to you that you are not crazy?" He appealed to me. "He says he's crazy--lost his think works. Now, I ask you, Knox, when I go to the trouble to find out for him that he's got as many convolutions as anybody, and that they've only got a little convolved, is it fair, I ask you, for him to reproach me about my food?"  "I didn't know you knew each other," I put in, while Burton took another sardine.  "He says we do," Wardrop said wearily; "says he used to knock me around at college."  Burton winked at me solemnly.  "He doesn't remember me, but he will," he said. "It's his nerves that are gone, and we'll have him restrung with new wires, like an old piano, in a week."  Wardrop had that after-debauch suspicion of all men, but I think he grasped at me as a dependability.  "He wants me to go to a doctor," he said. "I'm not sick; it's only--" He was trying to light a cigarette, but the match dropped from his shaking fingers.  "Better see one, Wardrop," I urged--and I felt mean enough about doing it. "You need something to brace you up."  Burton gave him a very small drink, for he could scarcely stand, and we went down in the elevator. My contempt for the victim between us was as great as my contempt for myself. That Wardrop was in a bad position there could be no doubt; there might be more men than Fleming who had known about the money in the leather bag, and who thought he had taken it and probably killed Fleming to hide the theft.  It seemed incredible that an innocent man would collapse as he had done, and yet--at this minute I can name a dozen men who, under the club of public disapproval, have fallen into paresis, insanity and the grave. We are all indifferent to our fellow-men until they are against us.  Burton knew the specialist very well--in fact, there seemed to be few people he did not know. And considering the way he had got hold of Miss Letitia and Wardrop, it was not surprising. He had evidently arranged with the doctor, for the waiting-room was empty and we were after hours.  The doctor was a large man, his size emphasized by the clothes he wore, very light in color, and unprofessional in cut. He was sandy-haired, inclined to be bald, and with shrewd, light blue eyes behind his glasses. Not particularly impressive, except as to size, on first acquaintance; a good fellow, with a brisk voice, and an amazingly light tread.  He began by sending Wardrop into a sort of examining room in the rear of the suite somewhere, to take off his coat and collar. When he had gone the doctor looked at a slip of paper in his hand.  "I think I've got it all from Mr. Burton," he said. "Of course, Mr. Knox, this is a little out of my line; a nerve specialist has as much business with psychotherapy as a piano tuner has with musical technique. But the idea is Munsterburg's, and I've had some good results. I'll give him a short physical examination, and when I ring the bell one of you may come in. Are you a newspaper man, Mr. Knox?"  "An attorney," I said briefly.  "Press man, lawyer, or doctor," Burton broke in, "we all fatten on the other fellow's troubles, don't we?"  "We don't fatten very much," I corrected "We live."  The doctor blinked behind his glasses.  "I never saw a lawyer yet who would admit he was making money," he said. "Look at the way a doctor grinds for a pittance! He's just as capable as the lawyer; he works a damn sight harder, and he makes a tenth the income. A man will pay his lawyer ten thousand dollars for keeping him out of jail for six months, and he'll kick like a steer if his doctor charges him a hundred to keep him out of hell for life! Which of you will come in? I'm afraid two would distract him."  "I guess it is Knox's butt-in," Burton conceded, "but I get it later, Doctor; you promised."  The physical examination was very brief; when I was called in Wardrop was standing at the window looking down into the street below, and the doctor was writing at his desk. Behind Wardrop's back he gave me the slip he had written.       "Test is for association of ideas. Watch length of time between      word I give and his reply. I often get hold of facts forgotten      by the patient. A wait before the answering word is given shows      an attempt at concealment."  "Now, Mr. Wardrop," he said, "will you sit here, please?"  He drew a chair to the center-table for Wardrop, and another, just across for himself. I sat back and to one side of the patient, where I could see Wardrop's haggard profile and every movement of the specialist.  On the table was an electric instrument like a small clock, and the doctor's first action was to attach to it two wires with small, black rubber mouthpieces.  "Now, Mr. Wardrop," he said, "we will go on with the test. Your other condition is fair, as I told you; I think you can dismiss the idea of insanity without a second thought, but there is something more than brain and body to be considered; in other words, you have been through a storm, and some of your nervous wires are down. Put the mouthpiece between your lips, please; you see, I do the same with mine. And when I give you a word, speak as quickly as possible the association it brings to your mind. For instance, I say 'noise.' Your first association might be 'street,' 'band,' 'drum,' almost anything associated with the word. As quickly as possible, please."  The first few words went simply enough. Wardrop's replies came almost instantly. To "light" he replied "lamp;" "touch" brought the response "hand;" "eat" brought "Burton," and both the doctor and I smiled. Wardrop was intensely serious. Then--  "Taxicab," said the doctor, and, after an almost imperceptible pause, "road" came the association. All at once I began to see the possibilities.  "Desk." "Pen."  "Pipe." "Smoke."  "Head." After a perceptible pause the answer came uncertainly. "Hair." But the association of ideas would not be denied, for in answer to the next word, which was "ice," he gave "blood," evidently following up the previous word "head."  I found myself gripping the arms of my chair. The dial on the doctor's clock-like instrument was measuring the interval; I could see that now. The doctor took a record of every word and its response. Wardrop's eyes were shifting nervously.  "Hot." "Cold."  "White." "Black."  "Whisky." "Glass," all in less than a second.  "Pearls." A little hesitation, then "box."  "Taxicab" again. "Night."  "Silly." "Wise."  "Shot." After a pause, "revolver."  "Night." "Dark."  "Blood." "Head."  "Water." "Drink."  "Traveling-bag." He brought out the word "train" after an evident struggle, but in answer to the next word "lost," instead of the obvious "found," he said "woman." He had not had sufficient mental agility to get away from the association with "bag." The "woman" belonged there.  "Murder" brought "dead," but "shot," following immediately after, brought "staircase."  I think Wardrop was on his guard by that time, but the conscious effort to hide truths that might be damaging made the intervals longer, from that time on. Already I felt sure that Allan Fleming's widow had been right; he had been shot from the locked back staircase. But by whom?  "Blow" brought "chair."  "Gone." "Bag" came like a flash.  In quick succession, without pause, came the words--  "Bank." "Note."  "Door." "Bolt."  "Money." "Letters," without any apparent connection.  Wardrop was going to the bad. When, to the next word, "staircase," again, he said "scar," his demoralization was almost complete. As for me, the scene in Wardrop's mind was already in mine--Schwartz, with the scar across his ugly forehead, and the bolted door to the staircase open!  On again with the test.  "Flour," after perhaps two seconds, from the preceding shock, brought "bread."  "Trees." "Leaves."  "Night." "Dark."  "Gate." He stopped here so long, I thought he was not going to answer at all. Presently, with am effort, he said "wood," but as before, the association idea came out in the next word; for "electric light" he gave "letters."  "Attic" brought "trunks" at once.  "Closet." After perhaps a second and a half came "dust," showing what closet was in his mind, and immediately after, to "match" he gave "pen."  A long list of words followed which told nothing, to my mind, although the doctor's eyes were snapping with excitement. Then "traveling-bag" again, and instead of his previous association, "woman," this time he gave "yellow." But, to the next word, "house," he gave "guest." It came to me that in his mental processes I was the guest, the substitute bag was in his mind, as being in my possession. Quick as a flash the doctor followed up--  "Guest." And Wardrop fell. "Letters," he said.  To a great many words, as I said before, I could attach no significance. Here and there I got a ray.  "Elderly" brought "black."  "Warehouse." "Yard," for no apparent reason.  "Eleven twenty-two." "C" was the answer, given without a second's hesitation.  Eleven twenty-two C! He gave no evidence of having noticed any peculiarity in what he said; I doubt if he realized his answer. To me, he gave the impression of repeating something he had apparently forgotten. As if a number and its association had been subconscious, and brought to the surface by the psychologist; as if, for instance, some one prompted a--b, and the corollary "c" came without summoning.  The psychologist took the small mouthpiece from his lips, and motioned Wardrop to do the same. The test was over.  "I don't call that bad condition, Mr.--Wardrop," the doctor said. "You are nervous, and you need a little more care in your habits. You want to exercise, regularly, and you will have to cut out everything in the way of stimulants for a while. Oh, yes, a couple of drinks a day at first, then one a day, and then none. And you are to stop worrying--when trouble comes round, and stares at you, don't ask it in to have a drink. Take it out in the air and kill it; oxygen is as fatal to anxiety as it is to tuberculosis."  "How would Bellwood do?" I asked. "Or should it be the country?"  "Bellwood, of course," the doctor responded heartily. "Ten miles a day, four cigarettes, and three meals--which is more than you have been taking, Mr. Wardrop, by two."  I put him on the train for Bellwood myself, and late that afternoon the three of us--the doctor, Burton and myself--met in my office and went over the doctor's record.  "When the answer comes in four-fifths of a second," he said, before we began, "it is hardly worth comment. There is no time in such an interval for any mental reservation. Only those words that showed noticeable hesitation need be considered."  We worked until almost seven. At the end of that time the doctor leaned back in his chair, and thrust his hands deep in his trousers pockets. But I had only located the hidden room.  I was not in it, and no amount of pressing on the carving of the wooden mantels, no search of the floors for loose boards, none of the customary methods availed at all. That there was a means of entrance, and probably a simple one, I could be certain.  But what?  What would I find if I did get in?  Was the detective right, and were the bonds and money from the Traders' Bank there?  Or was our whole theory wrong?  Would not Paul Armstrong have taken his booty with him?  If he had not, and if Doctor Walker was in the secret, he would have known how to enter the chimney room. Then--who had dug the other hole in the false partition?     Liddy discovered the fresh break in the trunk-room wall while we were at luncheon, and ran shrieking down the stairs.  She maintained that, as she entered, unseen hands had been digging at the plaster; that they had stopped when she went in, and she had felt a gust of cold damp air. In support of her story she carried in my wet and muddy boots, that I had unluckily forgotten to hide, and held them out to the detective and myself.  "What did I tell you?" she said dramatically.  "Look at 'em. They're yours, Miss Rachel--and covered with mud and soaked to the tops.  I tell you, you can scoff all you like; something has been wearing your shoes.  As sure as you sit there, there's the smell of the graveyard on them.  How do we know they weren't tramping through the Casanova churchyard last night, and sitting on the graves!"  Mr. Jamieson almost choked to death.  "I wouldn't be at all surprised if they were doing that very thing, Liddy," he said, when he got his breath.  "They certainly look like it."  I think the detective had a plan, on which he was working, and which was meant to be a coup.  But things went so fast there was no time to carry it into effect.  The first thing that occurred was a message from the Charity Hospital that Mrs. Watson was dying, and had asked for me. I did not care much about going.  There is a sort of melancholy pleasure to be had out of a funeral, with its pomp and ceremony, but I shrank from a death-bed. However, Liddy got out the black things and the crape veil I keep for such occasions, and I went.  I left Mr. Jamieson and the day detective going over every inch of the circular staircase, pounding, probing and measuring.  I was inwardly elated to think of the surprise I was going to give them that night; as it turned out, I DID surprise them almost into spasms.  I drove from the train to the Charity Hospital, and was at once taken to a ward.  There, in a gray-walled room in a high iron bed, lay Mrs. Watson.  She was very weak, and she only opened her eyes and looked at me when I sat down beside her.  I was conscience-stricken.  We had been so engrossed that I had left this poor creature to die without even a word of sympathy.  The nurse gave her a stimulant, and in a little while she was able to talk.  So broken and half-coherent, however, was her story that I shall tell it in my own way.  In an hour from the time I entered the Charity Hospital, I had heard a sad and pitiful narrative, and had seen a woman slip into the unconsciousness that is only a step from death.  Briefly, then, the housekeeper's story was this:  She was almost forty years old, and had been the sister-mother of a large family of children.  One by one they had died, and been buried beside their parents in a little town in the Middle West. There was only one sister left, the baby, Lucy.  On her the older girl had lavished all the love of an impulsive and emotional nature.  When Anne, the elder, was thirty-two and Lucy was nineteen, a young man had come to the town.  He was going east, after spending the summer at a celebrated ranch in Wyoming--one of those places where wealthy men send worthless and dissipated sons, for a season of temperance, fresh air and hunting.  The sisters, of course, knew nothing of this, and the young man's ardor rather carried them away.  In a word, seven years before, Lucy Haswell had married a young man whose name was given as Aubrey Wallace.  Anne Haswell had married a carpenter in her native town, and was a widow.  For three months everything went fairly well.  Aubrey took his bride to Chicago, where they lived at a hotel.  Perhaps the very unsophistication that had charmed him in Valley Mill jarred on him in the city.  He had been far from a model husband, even for the three months, and when he disappeared Anne was almost thankful.  It was different with the young wife, however. She drooped and fretted, and on the birth of her baby boy, she had died.  Anne took the child, and named him Lucien.  Anne had had no children of her own, and on Lucien she had lavished all her aborted maternal instinct.  On one thing she was determined, however: that was that Aubrey Wallace should educate his boy.  It was a part of her devotion to the child that she should be ambitious for him: he must have every opportunity.  And so she came east.  She drifted around, doing plain sewing and keeping a home somewhere always for the boy.  Finally, however, she realized that her only training had been domestic, and she put the boy in an Episcopalian home, and secured the position of housekeeper to the Armstrongs.  There she found Lucien's father, this time under his own name.  It was Arnold Armstrong.  I gathered that there was no particular enmity at that time in Anne's mind.  She told him of the boy, and threatened exposure if he did not provide for him.  Indeed, for a time, he did so.  Then he realized that Lucien was the ruling passion in this lonely woman's life.  He found out where the child was hidden, and threatened to take him away.  Anne was frantic.  The positions became reversed.  Where Arnold had given money for Lucien's support, as the years went on he forced money from Anne Watson instead until she was always penniless.  The lower Arnold sank in the scale, the heavier his demands became.  With the rupture between him and his family, things were worse.  Anne took the child from the home and hid him in a farmhouse near Casanova, on the Claysburg road.  There she went sometimes to see the boy, and there he had taken fever.  The people were Germans, and he called the farmer's wife Grossmutter.  He had grown into a beautiful boy, and he was all Anne had to live for.   The Armstrongs left for California, and Arnold's persecutions began anew.  He was furious over the child's disappearance and she was afraid he would do her some hurt.  She left the big house and went down to the lodge.  When I had rented Sunnyside, however, she had thought the persecutions would stop.  She had applied for the position of housekeeper, and secured it.  That had been on Saturday.  That night Louise arrived unexpectedly. Thomas sent for Mrs. Watson and then went for Arnold Armstrong at the Greenwood Club.  Anne had been fond of Louise--she reminded her of Lucy.  She did not know what the trouble was, but Louise had been in a state of terrible excitement.  Mrs. Watson tried to hide from Arnold, but he was ugly.  He left the lodge and went up to the house about two-thirty, was admitted at the east entrance and came out again very soon.  Something had occurred, she didn't know what; but very soon Mr. Innes and another gentleman left, using the car.  Thomas and she had got Louise quiet, and a little before three, Mrs. Watson started up to the house.  Thomas had a key to the east entry, and gave it to her.  On the way across the lawn she was confronted by Arnold, who for some reason was determined to get into the house.  He had a golf-stick in his hand, that he had picked up somewhere, and on her refusal he had struck her with it.  One hand had been badly cut, and it was that, poisoning having set in, which was killing her.  She broke away in a frenzy of rage and fear, and got into the house while Gertrude and Jack Bailey were at the front door. She went up-stairs, hardly knowing what she was doing. Gertrude's door was open, and Halsey's revolver lay there on the bed.  She picked it up and turning, ran part way down the circular staircase.  She could hear Arnold fumbling at the lock outside.  She slipped down quietly and opened the door: he was inside before she had got back to the stairs.  It was quite dark, but she could see his white shirt-bosom.  From the fourth step she fired.  As he fell, somebody in the billiard-room screamed and ran.  When the alarm was raised, she had had no time to get up-stairs: she hid in the west wing until every one was down on the lower floor.  Then she slipped upstairs, and threw the revolver out of an upper window, going down again in time to admit the men from the Greenwood Club.  If Thomas had suspected, he had never told.  When she found the hand Arnold had injured was growing worse, she gave the address of Lucien at Richfield to the old man, and almost a hundred dollars.  The money was for Lucien's board until she recovered.  She had sent for me to ask me if I would try to interest the Armstrongs in the child.  When she found herself growing worse, she had written to Mrs. Armstrong, telling her nothing but that Arnold's legitimate child was at Richfield, and imploring her to recognize him.  She was dying: the boy was an Armstrong, and entitled to his father's share of the estate.  The papers were in her trunk at Sunnyside, with letters from the dead man that would prove what she said.  She was going; she would not be judged by earthly laws; and somewhere else perhaps Lucy would plead for her. It was she who had crept down the circular staircase, drawn by a magnet, that night Mr. Jamieson had heard some one there.  Pursued, she had fled madly, anywhere--through the first door she came to.  She had fallen down the clothes chute, and been saved by the basket beneath.  I could have cried with relief; then it had not been Gertrude, after all!  That was the story.  Sad and tragic though it was, the very telling of it seemed to relieve the dying woman.  She did not know that Thomas was dead, and I did not tell her.  I promised to look after little Lucien, and sat with her until the intervals of consciousness grew shorter and finally ceased altogether.  She died that night.     As I drove rapidly up to the house from Casanova Station in the hack, I saw the detective Burns loitering across the street from the Walker place.  So Jamieson was putting the screws on--lightly now, but ready to give them a twist or two, I felt certain, very soon.  The house was quiet.  Two steps of the circular staircase had been pried off, without result, and beyond a second message from Gertrude, that Halsey insisted on coming home and they would arrive that night, there was nothing new.  Mr. Jamieson, having failed to locate the secret room, had gone to the village.  I learned afterwards that he called at Doctor Walker's, under pretense of an attack of acute indigestion, and before he left, had inquired about the evening trains to the city.  He said he had wasted a lot of time on the case, and a good bit of the mystery was in my imagination!  The doctor was under the impression that the house was guarded day and night.  Well, give a place a reputation like that, and you don't need a guard at all,--thus Jamieson.  And sure enough, late in the afternoon, the two private detectives, accompanied by Mr. Jamieson, walked down the main street of Casanova and took a city-bound train.  That they got off at the next station and walked back again to Sunnyside at dusk, was not known at the time.  Personally, I knew nothing of either move; I had other things to absorb me at that time.  Liddy brought me some tea while I rested after my trip, and on the tray was a small book from the Casanova library.  It was called The Unseen World and had a cheerful cover on which a half-dozen sheeted figures linked hands around a headstone.  At this point in my story, Halsey always says:  "Trust a woman to add two and two together, and make six."  To which I retort that if two and two plus X make six, then to discover the unknown quantity is the simplest thing in the world.  That a houseful of detectives missed it entirely was because they were busy trying to prove that two and two make four.  The depression due to my visit to the hospital left me at the prospect of seeing Halsey again that night.  It was about five o'clock when Liddy left me for a nap before dinner, having put me into a gray silk dressing-gown and a pair of slippers.  I listened to her retreating footsteps, and as soon as she was safely below stairs, I went up to the trunk-room.  The place had not been disturbed, and I proceeded at once to try to discover the entrance to the hidden room.  The openings on either side, as I have said, showed nothing but perhaps three feet of brick wall.  There was no sign of an entrance--no levers, no hinges, to give a hint. Either the mantel or the roof, I decided, and after a half-hour at the mantel, productive of absolutely no result, I decided to try the roof.  I am not fond of a height.  The few occasions on which I have climbed a step-ladder have always left me dizzy and weak in the knees.  The top of the Washington monument is as impossible to me as the elevation of the presidential chair.  And yet--I climbed out on to the Sunnyside roof without a second's hesitation.  Like a dog on a scent, like my bearskin progenitor, with his spear and his wild boar, to me now there was the lust of the chase, the frenzy of pursuit, the dust of battle. I got quite a little of the latter on me as I climbed from the unfinished ball-room out through a window to the roof of the east wing of the building, which was only two stories in height.  Once out there, access to the top of the main building was rendered easy--at least it looked easy--by a small vertical iron ladder, fastened to the wall outside of the ball-room, and perhaps twelve feet high.  The twelve feet looked short from below, but they were difficult to climb.  I gathered my silk gown around me, and succeeded finally in making the top of the ladder.  Once there, however, I was completely out of breath.  I sat down, my feet on the top rung, and put my hair pins in more securely, while the wind bellowed my dressing-gown out like a sail.  I had torn a great strip of the silk loose, and now I ruthlessly finished the destruction of my gown by jerking it free and tying it around my head.  From far below the smallest sounds came up with peculiar distinctness. I could hear the paper boy whistling down the drive, and I heard something else.  I heard the thud of a stone, and a spit, followed by a long and startled meiou from Beulah. I forgot my fear of a height, and advanced boldly almost to the edge of the roof.  It was half-past six by that time, and growing dusk.  "You boy, down there!" I called.  The paper boy turned and looked around.  Then, seeing nobody, he raised his eyes.  It was a moment before he located me: when he did, he stood for one moment as if paralyzed, then he gave a horrible yell, and dropping his papers, bolted across the lawn to the road without stopping to look around.  Once he fell, and his impetus was so great that he turned an involuntary somersault. He was up and off again without any perceptible pause, and he leaped the hedge--which I am sure under ordinary stress would have been a feat for a man.  I am glad in this way to settle the Gray Lady story, which is still a choice morsel in Casanova.  I believe the moral deduced by the village was that it is always unlucky to throw a stone at a black cat.  With Johnny Sweeny a cloud of dust down the road, and the dinner-hour approaching, I hurried on with my investigations.  Luckily, the roof was flat, and I was able to go over every inch of it. But the result was disappointing; no trap-door revealed itself, no glass window; nothing but a couple of pipes two inches across, and standing perhaps eighteen inches high and three feet apart, with a cap to prevent rain from entering and raised to permit the passage of air.  I picked up a pebble from the roof and dropped it down, listening with my ear at one of the pipes. I could hear it strike on something with a sharp, metallic sound, but it was impossible for me to tell how far it had gone.  I gave up finally and went down the ladder again, getting in through the ball-room window without being observed.  I went back at once to the trunk-room, and, sitting down on a box, I gave my mind, as consistently as I could, to the problem before me.  If the pipes in the roof were ventilators to the secret room, and there was no trap-door above, the entrance was probably in one of the two rooms between which it lay--unless, indeed, the room had been built, and the opening then closed with a brick and mortar wall.  The mantel fascinated me.  Made of wood and carved, the more I looked the more I wondered that I had not noticed before the absurdity of such a mantel in such a place.  It was covered with scrolls and panels, and finally, by the merest accident, I pushed one of the panels to the side.  It moved easily, revealing a small brass knob.  It is not necessary to detail the fluctuations of hope and despair, and not a little fear of what lay beyond, with which I twisted and turned the knob.  It moved, but nothing seemed to happen, and then I discovered the trouble.  I pushed the knob vigorously to one side, and the whole mantel swung loose from the wall almost a foot, revealing a cavernous space beyond.  I took a long breath, closed the door from the trunk-room into the hall--thank Heaven, I did not lock it--and pulling the mantel-door wide open, I stepped into the chimney-room.  I had time to get a hazy view of a small portable safe, a common wooden table and a chair--then the mantel door swung to, and clicked behind me.  I stood quite still for a moment, in the darkness, unable to comprehend what had happened.  Then I turned and beat furiously at the door with my fists.  It was closed and locked again, and my fingers in the darkness slid over a smooth wooden surface without a sign of a knob.  I was furiously angry--at myself, at the mantel door, at everything.  I did not fear suffocation; before the thought had come to me I had already seen a gleam of light from the two small ventilating pipes in the roof.  They supplied air, but nothing else.  The room itself was shrouded in blackness.  I sat down in the stiff-backed chair and tried to remember how many days one could live without food and water.  When that grew monotonous and rather painful, I got up and, according to the time-honored rule for people shut in unknown and ink-black prisons, I felt my way around--it was small enough, goodness knows.  I felt nothing but a splintery surface of boards, and in endeavoring to get back to the chair, something struck me full in the face, and fell with the noise of a thousand explosions to the ground.  This is the story of how a middle-aged spinster lost her mind, deserted her domestic gods in the city, took a furnished house for the summer out of town, and found herself involved in one of those mysterious crimes that keep our newspapers and detective agencies happy and prosperous.  For twenty years I had been perfectly comfortable; for twenty years I had had the window-boxes filled in the spring, the carpets lifted, the awnings put up and the furniture covered with brown linen; for as many summers I had said good-by to my friends, and, after watching their perspiring hegira, had settled down to a delicious quiet in town, where the mail comes three times a day, and the water supply does not depend on a tank on the roof.  And then--the madness seized me.  When I look back over the months I spent at Sunnyside, I wonder that I survived at all.  As it is, I show the wear and tear of my harrowing experiences.  I have turned very gray--Liddy reminded me of it, only yesterday, by saying that a little bluing in the rinse-water would make my hair silvery, instead of a yellowish white.  I hate to be reminded of unpleasant things and I snapped her off.  "No," I said sharply, "I'm not going to use bluing at my time of life, or starch, either."  Liddy's nerves are gone, she says, since that awful summer, but she has enough left, goodness knows!  And when she begins to go around with a lump in her throat, all I have to do is to threaten to return to Sunnyside, and she is frightened into a semblance of cheerfulness,--from which you may judge that the summer there was anything but a success.  The newspaper accounts have been so garbled and incomplete--one of them mentioned me but once, and then only as the tenant at the time the thing happened--that I feel it my due to tell what I know.  Mr. Jamieson, the detective, said himself he could never have done without me, although he gave me little enough credit, in print.  I shall have to go back several years--thirteen, to be exact--to start my story.  At that time my brother died, leaving me his two children. Halsey was eleven then, and Gertrude was seven.  All the responsibilities of maternity were thrust upon me suddenly; to perfect the profession of motherhood requires precisely as many years as the child has lived, like the man who started to carry the calf and ended by walking along with the bull on his shoulders.  However, I did the best I could.  When Gertrude got past the hair-ribbon age, and Halsey asked for a scarf-pin and put on long trousers--and a wonderful help that was to the darning.--I sent them away to good schools.  After that, my responsibility was chiefly postal, with three months every summer in which to replenish their wardrobes, look over their lists of acquaintances, and generally to take my foster-motherhood out of its nine months' retirement in camphor.  I missed the summers with them when, somewhat later, at boarding-school and college, the children spent much of their vacations with friends. Gradually I found that my name signed to a check was even more welcome than when signed to a letter, though I wrote them at stated intervals. But when Halsey had finished his electrical course and Gertrude her boarding-school, and both came home to stay, things were suddenly changed.  The winter Gertrude came out was nothing but a succession of sitting up late at night to bring her home from things, taking her to the dressmakers between naps the next day, and discouraging ineligible youths with either more money than brains, or more brains than money. Also, I acquired a great many things: to say lingerie for under-garments, "frocks" and "gowns" instead of dresses, and that beardless sophomores are not college boys, but college men.  Halsey required less personal supervision, and as they both got their mother's fortune that winter, my responsibility became purely moral.  Halsey bought a car, of course, and I learned how to tie over my bonnet a gray baize veil, and, after a time, never to stop to look at the dogs one has run down.  People are apt to be so unpleasant about their dogs.  The additions to my education made me a properly equipped maiden aunt, and by spring I was quite tractable.  So when Halsey suggested camping in the Adirondacks and Gertrude wanted Bar Harbor, we compromised on a good country house with links near, within motor distance of town and telephone distance of the doctor.  That was how we went to Sunnyside.  We went out to inspect the property, and it seemed to deserve its name. Its cheerful appearance gave no indication whatever of anything out of the ordinary.  Only one thing seemed unusual to me: the housekeeper, who had been left in charge, had moved from the house to the gardener's lodge, a few days before.  As the lodge was far enough away from the house, it seemed to me that either fire or thieves could complete their work of destruction undisturbed.  The property was an extensive one: the house on the top of a hill, which sloped away in great stretches of green lawn and clipped hedges, to the road; and across the valley, perhaps a couple of miles away, was the Greenwood Club House.  Gertrude and Halsey were infatuated.  "Why, it's everything you want," Halsey said "View, air, good water and good roads.  As for the house, it's big enough for a hospital, if it has a Queen Anne front and a Mary Anne back," which was ridiculous: it was pure Elizabethan.  Of course we took the place; it was not my idea of comfort, being much too large and sufficiently isolated to make the servant question serious.  But I give myself credit for this: whatever has happened since, I never blamed Halsey and Gertrude for taking me there.  And another thing: if the series of catastrophes there did nothing else, it taught me one thing--that somehow, somewhere, from perhaps a half-civilized ancestor who wore a sheepskin garment and trailed his food or his prey, I have in me the instinct of the chase.  Were I a man I should be a trapper of criminals, trailing them as relentlessly as no doubt my sheepskin ancestor did his wild boar.  But being an unmarried woman, with the handicap of my sex, my first acquaintance with crime will probably be my last.  Indeed, it came near enough to being my last acquaintance with anything.  The property was owned by Paul Armstrong, the president of the Traders' Bank, who at the time we took the house was in the west with his wife and daughter, and a Doctor Walker, the Armstrong family physician. Halsey knew Louise Armstrong,--had been rather attentive to her the winter before, but as Halsey was always attentive to somebody, I had not thought of it seriously, although she was a charming girl.  I knew of Mr. Armstrong only through his connection with the bank, where the children's money was largely invested, and through an ugly story about the son, Arnold Armstrong, who was reported to have forged his father's name, for a considerable amount, to some bank paper.  However, the story had had no interest for me.  I cleared Halsey and Gertrude away to a house party, and moved out to Sunnyside the first of May.  The roads were bad, but the trees were in leaf, and there were still tulips in the borders around the house.  The arbutus was fragrant in the woods under the dead leaves, and on the way from the station, a short mile, while the car stuck in the mud, I found a bank showered with tiny forget-me-nots.  The birds--don't ask me what kind; they all look alike to me, unless they have a hall mark of some bright color--the birds were chirping in the hedges, and everything breathed of peace.  Liddy, who was born and bred on a brick pavement, got a little bit down-spirited when the crickets began to chirp, or scrape their legs together, or whatever it is they do, at twilight.  The first night passed quietly enough.  I have always been grateful for that one night's peace; it shows what the country might be, under favorable circumstances.  Never after that night did I put my head on my pillow with any assurance how long it would be there; or on my shoulders, for that matter.  On the following morning Liddy and Mrs. Ralston, my own housekeeper, had a difference of opinion, and Mrs. Ralston left on the eleven train. Just after luncheon, Burke, the butler, was taken unexpectedly with a pain in his right side, much worse when I was within hearing distance, and by afternoon he was started cityward.  That night the cook's sister had a baby--the cook, seeing indecision in my face, made it twins on second thought--and, to be short, by noon the next day the household staff was down to Liddy and myself.  And this in a house with twenty-two rooms and five baths!  Liddy wanted to go back to the city at once, but the milk-boy said that Thomas Johnson, the Armstrongs' colored butler, was working as a waiter at the Greenwood Club, and might come back. I have the usual scruples about coercing people's servants away, but few of us have any conscience regarding institutions or corporations--witness the way we beat railroads and street-car companies when we can--so I called up the club, and about eight o'clock Thomas Johnson came to see me.  Poor Thomas!  Well, it ended by my engaging Thomas on the spot, at outrageous wages, and with permission to sleep in the gardener's lodge, empty since the house was rented.  The old man--he was white-haired and a little stooped, but with an immense idea of his personal dignity--gave me his reasons hesitatingly.  "I ain't sayin' nothin', Mis' Innes," he said, with his hand on the door-knob, "but there's been goin's-on here this las' few months as ain't natchal.  'Tain't one thing an' 'tain't another--it's jest a door squealin' here, an' a winder closin' there, but when doors an' winders gets to cuttin' up capers and there's nobody nigh 'em, it's time Thomas Johnson sleeps somewhar's else."  Liddy, who seemed to be never more than ten feet away from me that night, and was afraid of her shadow in that great barn of a place, screamed a little, and turned a yellow-green.  But I am not easily alarmed.  It was entirely in vain; I represented to Thomas that we were alone, and that he would have to stay in the house that night. He was politely firm, but he would come over early the next morning, and if I gave him a key, he would come in time to get some sort of breakfast.  I stood on the huge veranda and watched him shuffle along down the shadowy drive, with mingled feelings--irritation at his cowardice and thankfulness at getting him at all.  I am not ashamed to say that I double-locked the hall door when I went in.  "You can lock up the rest of the house and go to bed, Liddy," I said severely.  "You give me the creeps standing there.  A woman of your age ought to have better sense."  It usually braces Liddy to mention her age: she owns to forty--which is absurd.  Her mother cooked for my grandfather, and Liddy must be at least as old as I.  But that night she refused to brace.  "You're not going to ask me to lock up, Miss Rachel!" she quavered. "Why, there's a dozen French windows in the drawing-room and the billiard-room wing, and every one opens on a porch. And Mary Anne said that last night there was a man standing by the stable when she locked the kitchen door."  "Mary Anne was a fool," I said sternly.  "If there had been a man there, she would have had him in the kitchen and been feeding him what was left from dinner, inside of an hour, from force of habit.  Now don't be ridiculous.  Lock up the house and go to bed.  I am going to read."  But Liddy set her lips tight and stood still.  "I'm not going to bed," she said.  "I am going to pack up, and to-morrow I am going to leave."  "You'll do nothing of the sort," I snapped.  Liddy and I often desire to part company, but never at the same time.  "If you are afraid, I will go with you, but for goodness' sake don't try to hide behind me."  The house was a typical summer residence on an extensive scale. Wherever possible, on the first floor, the architect had done away with partitions, using arches and columns instead.  The effect was cool and spacious, but scarcely cozy.  As Liddy and I went from one window to another, our voices echoed back at us uncomfortably.  There was plenty of light--the electric plant down in the village supplied us--but there were long vistas of polished floor, and mirrors which reflected us from unexpected corners, until I felt some of Liddy's foolishness communicate itself to me.  The house was very long, a rectangle in general form, with the main entrance in the center of the long side.  The brick-paved entry opened into a short hall to the right of which, separated only by a row of pillars, was a huge living-room.  Beyond that was the drawing-room, and in the end, the billiard-room.  Off the billiard-room, in the extreme right wing, was a den, or card-room, with a small hall opening on the east veranda, and from there went up a narrow circular staircase. Halsey had pointed it out with delight.  "Just look, Aunt Rachel," he said with a flourish.  "The architect that put up this joint was wise to a few things. Arnold Armstrong and his friends could sit here and play cards all night and stumble up to bed in the early morning, without having the family send in a police call."  Liddy and I got as far as the card-room and turned on all the lights. I tried the small entry door there, which opened on the veranda, and examined the windows.  Everything was secure, and Liddy, a little less nervous now, had just pointed out to me the disgracefully dusty condition of the hard-wood floor, when suddenly the lights went out. We waited a moment; I think Liddy was stunned with fright, or she would have screamed.  And then I clutched her by the arm and pointed to one of the windows opening on the porch.  The sudden change threw the window into relief, an oblong of grayish light, and showed us a figure standing close, peering in.  As I looked it darted across the veranda and out of sight in the darkness.     Liddy's knees seemed to give away under her.  Without a sound she sank down, leaving me staring at the window in petrified amazement.  Liddy began to moan under her breath, and in my excitement I reached down and shook her.  "Stop it," I whispered.  "It's only a woman--maybe a maid of the Armstrongs'.  Get up and help me find the door."  She groaned again. "Very well," I said, "then I'll have to leave you here. I'm going."  She moved at that, and, holding to my sleeve, we felt our way, with numerous collisions, to the billiard-room, and from there to the drawing-room.  The lights came on then, and, with the long French windows unshuttered, I had a creepy feeling that each one sheltered a peering face.  In fact, in the light of what happened afterward, I am pretty certain we were under surveillance during the entire ghostly evening.  We hurried over the rest of the locking-up and got upstairs as quickly as we could.  I left the lights all on, and our footsteps echoed cavernously.  Liddy had a stiff neck the next morning, from looking back over her shoulder, and she refused to go to bed.  "Let me stay in your dressing-room, Miss Rachel," she begged. "If you don't, I'll sit in the hall outside the door.  I'm not going to be murdered with my eyes shut."  "If you're going to be murdered," I retorted, "it won't make any difference whether they are shut or open.  But you may stay in the dressing-room, if you will lie on the couch: when you sleep in a chair you snore."  She was too far gone to be indignant, but after a while she came to the door and looked in to where I was composing myself for sleep with Drummond's Spiritual Life.  "That wasn't a woman, Miss Rachel," she said, with her shoes in her hand.  "It was a man in a long coat."  "What woman was a man?"  I discouraged her without looking up, and she went back to the couch.  It was eleven o'clock when I finally prepared for bed.  In spite of my assumption of indifference, I locked the door into the hall, and finding the transom did not catch, I put a chair cautiously before the door--it was not necessary to rouse Liddy--and climbing up put on the ledge of the transom a small dressing-mirror, so that any movement of the frame would send it crashing down.  Then, secure in my precautions, I went to bed.  I did not go to sleep at once.  Liddy disturbed me just as I was growing drowsy, by coming in and peering under the bed.  She was afraid to speak, however, because of her previous snubbing, and went back, stopping in the doorway to sigh dismally.  Somewhere down-stairs a clock with a chime sang away the hours--eleven-thirty, forty-five, twelve.  And then the lights went out to stay.  The Casanova Electric Company shuts up shop and goes home to bed at midnight: when one has a party, I believe it is customary to fee the company, which will drink hot coffee and keep awake a couple of hours longer.  But the lights were gone for good that night.  Liddy had gone to sleep, as I knew she would.  She was a very unreliable person: always awake and ready to talk when she wasn't wanted and dozing off to sleep when she was.  I called her once or twice, the only result being an explosive snore that threatened her very windpipe--then I got up and lighted a bedroom candle.  My bedroom and dressing room were above the big living-room on the first floor.  On the second floor a long corridor ran the length of the house, with rooms opening from both sides.  In the wings were small corridors crossing the main one--the plan was simplicity itself.  And just as I got back into bed, I heard a sound from the east wing, apparently, that made me stop, frozen, with one bedroom slipper half off, and listen.  It was a rattling metallic sound, and it reverberated along the empty halls like the crash of doom.  It was for all the world as if something heavy, perhaps a piece of steel, had rolled clattering and jangling down the hard-wood stairs leading to the card-room.  In the silence that followed Liddy stirred and snored again.  I was exasperated: first she kept me awake by silly alarms, then when she was needed she slept like Joe Jefferson, or Rip,--they are always the same to me.  I went in and aroused her, and I give her credit for being wide awake the minute I spoke.  "Get up," I said, "if you don't want to be murdered in your bed."  "Where?  How?" she yelled vociferously, and jumped up.  "There's somebody in the house," I said.  "Get up.  We'll have to get to the telephone."  "Not out in the hall!" she gasped; "Oh, Miss Rachel, not out in the hall!" trying to hold me back.  But I am a large woman and Liddy is small.  We got to the door, somehow, and Liddy held a brass andiron, which it was all she could do to lift, let alone brain anybody with.  I listened, and, hearing nothing, opened the door a little and peered into the hall.  It was a black void, full of terrible suggestion, and my candle only emphasized the gloom.  Liddy squealed and drew me back again, and as the door slammed, the mirror I had put on the transom came down and hit her on the head.  That completed our demoralization. "Why don't you say your little speech before Johnson brings the other man, Lawrence?" McKnight inquired. "They won't believe you, but it will help them to understand what is coming."  "You understand, of course," the lean man put in gravely, "that what you say may be used against you."  "I'll take the risk," I answered impatiently.  It took some time to tell the story of my worse than useless trip to Pittsburg, and its sequel. They listened gravely, without interruption.  "Mr. Hotchkiss here," I finished, "believes that the man Sullivan, whom we are momentarily expecting, committed the crime. Mr. McKnight is inclined to implicate Mrs. Conway, who stabbed Bronson and then herself last night. As for myself, I am open to conviction."  "I hope not," said the stout detective quizzically. And then Alison was announced. My impulse to go out and meet her was forestalled by the detectives, who rose when I did. McKnight, therefore, brought her in, and I met her at the door.  "I have put you to a great deal of trouble," I said contritely, when I saw her glance around the room. "I wish I had not--"  "It is only right that I should come," she replied, looking up at me. "I am the unconscious cause of most of it, I am afraid. Mrs. Dallas is going to wait in the outer office."  I presented Hotchkiss and the two detectives, who eyed her with interest. In her poise, her beauty, even in her gown, I fancy she represented a new type to them. They remained standing until she sat down.  "I have brought the necklace," she began, holding out a white-wrapped box, "as you asked me to."  I passed it, unopened, to the detectives. "The necklace from which was broken the fragment you found in the sealskin bag," I explained. "Miss West found it on the floor of the car, near lower ten."  "When did you find it?" asked the lean detective, bending forward.  "In the morning, not long before the wreck."  "Did you ever see it before?"  "I am not certain," she replied. "I have seen one very much like it."  Her tone was troubled. She glanced at me as if for help, but I was powerless.  "Where?" The detective was watching her closely. At that moment there came an interruption. The door opened without ceremony, and Johnson ushered in a tall, blond man, a stranger to all of us: I glanced at Alison; she was pale, but composed and scornful. She met the new-comer's eyes full, and, caught unawares, he took a hasty backward step.  "Sit down, Mr. Sullivan," McKnight beamed cordially. "Have a cigar? I beg your pardon, Alison, do you mind this smoke?"  "Not at all," she said composedly. Sullivan had had a second to sound his bearings.  "No--no, thanks," he mumbled. "If you will be good enough to explain--"  "But that's what you're to do," McKnight said cheerfully, pulling up a chair. "You've got the most attentive audience you could ask. These two gentlemen are detectives from Pittsburg, and we are all curious to know the finer details of what happened on the car Ontario two weeks ago, the night your father-in-law was murdered." Sullivan gripped the arms of his chair. "We are not prejudiced, either. The gentlemen from Pittsburg are betting on Mr. Blakeley, over there. Mr. Hotchkiss, the gentleman by the radiator, is ready to place ten to one odds on you. And some of us have still other theories."  "Gentlemen," Sullivan said slowly, "I give you my word of honor that I did not kill Simon Harrington, and that I do not know who did."  "Fiddlededee!" cried Hotchkiss, bustling forward. "Why, I can tell you--" But McKnight pushed him firmly into a chair and held him there.  "I am ready to plead guilty to the larceny," Sullivan went on. "I took Mr. Blakeley's clothes, I admit. If I can reimburse him in any way for the inconvenience-"  The stout detective was listening with his mouth open. "Do you mean to say," he demanded, "that you got into Mr. Blakeley's berth, as he contends, took his clothes and forged notes, and left the train before the wreck?"  "Yes."  "The notes, then?"  "I gave them to Bronson yesterday. Much good they did him!" bitterly. We were all silent for a moment. The two detectives were adjusting themselves with difficulty to a new point of view; Sullivan was looking dejectedly at the floor, his hands hanging loose between his knees. I was watching Alison; from where I stood, behind her, I could almost touch the soft hair behind her ear.  "I have no intention of pressing any charge against you," I said with forced civility, for my hands were itching to get at him, "if you will give us a clear account of what happened on the Ontario that night."  Sullivan raised his handsome, haggard head and looked around at me. "I've seen you before, haven't I?" he asked. "Weren't you an uninvited guest at the Laurels a few days--or nights--ago? The cat, you remember, and the rug that slipped?"  "I remember," I said shortly. He glanced from me to Alison and quickly away.  "The truth can't hurt me," he said, "but it's devilish unpleasant. Alison, you know all this. You would better go out."  His use of her name crazed me. I stepped in front of her and stood over him. "You will not bring Miss West into the conversation," I threatened, "and she will stay if she wishes."  "Oh, very well," he said with assumed indifference. Hotchkiss just then escaped from Richey's grasp and crossed the room.  "Did you ever wear glasses?" he asked eagerly.  "Never." Sullivan glanced with some contempt at mine.  "I'd better begin by going back a little," he went on sullenly. "I suppose you know I was married to Ida Harrington about five years ago. She was a good girl, and I thought a lot of her. But her father opposed the marriage--he'd never liked me, and he refused to make any sort of settlement.  "I had thought, of course, that there would be money, and it was a bad day when I found out I'd made a mistake. My sister was wild with disappointment. We were pretty hard up, my sister and I."  I was watching Alison. Her hands were tightly clasped in her lap, and she was staring out of the window at the cheerless roof below. She had set her lips a little, but that was all.  "You understand, of course, that I'm not defending myself," went on the sullen voice. "The day came when old Harrington put us both out of the house at the point of a revolver, and I threatened--I suppose you know that, too--I threatened to kill him.  "My sister and I had hard times after that. We lived on the continent for a while. I was at Monte Carlo and she was in Italy. She met a young lady there, the granddaughter of a steel manufacturer and an heiress, and she sent for me. When I got to Rome the girl was gone. Last winter I was all in--social secretary to an Englishman, a wholesale grocer with a new title, but we had a row, and I came home. I went out to the Heaton boys' ranch in Wyoming, and met Bronson there. He lent me money, and I've been doing his dirty work ever since."  Sullivan got up then and walked slowly forward and back as he talked, his eyes on the faded pattern of the office rug.  "If you want to live in hell," he said savagely, "put yourself in another man's power. Bronson got into trouble, forging John Gilmore's name to those notes, and in some way he learned that a man was bringing the papers back to Washington on the Flier. He even learned the number of his berth, and the night before the wreck, just as I was boarding the train, I got a telegram."  Hotchkiss stepped forward once more importantly. "Which read, I think: 'Man with papers in lower ten, car seven. Get them.'"  Sullivan looked at the little man with sulky blue eyes.  "It was something like that, anyhow. But it was a nasty business, and it made matters worse that he didn't care that a telegram which must pass through a half dozen hands was more or less incriminating to me.  "Then, to add to the unpleasantness of my position, just after we boarded the train--I was accompanying my sister and this young lady, Miss West--a woman touched me on the sleeve, and I turned to face--my wife!  "That took away my last bit of nerve. I told my sister, and you can understand she was in a bad way, too. We knew what it meant. Ida had heard that I was going--"  He stopped and glanced uneasily at Alison.  "Go on," she said coldly. "It is too late to shield me. The time to have done that was when I was your guest."  "Well," he went on, his eyes turned carefully away from my face, which must have presented certainly anything but a pleasant sight. "Miss West was going to do me the honor to marry me, and--"  "You scoundrel!" I burst forth, thrusting past Alison West's chair. "You--you infernal cur!"  One of the detectives got up and stood between us. "You must remember, Mr. Blakeley, that you are forcing this story from this man. These details are unpleasant, but important. You were going to marry this young lady," he said, turning to Sullivan, "although you already had a wife living?"  "It was my sister's plan, and I was in a bad way for money. If I could marry, secretly, a wealthy girl and go to Europe, it was unlikely that Ida--that is, Mrs. Sullivan--would hear of it.  "So it was more than a shock to see my wife on the train, and to realize from her face that she knew what was going on. I don't know yet, unless some of the servants--well, never mind that.  "It meant that the whole thing had gone up. Old Harrington had carried a gun for me for years, and the same train wouldn't hold both of us. Of course, I thought that he was in the coach just behind ours."  Hotchkiss was leaning forward now, his eyes narrowed, his thin lips drawn to a line.  "Are you left-handed, Mr. Sullivan?" he asked.  Sullivan stopped in surprise.  "No," he said gruffly. "Can't do anything with my left hand." Hotchkiss subsided, crestfallen but alert. "I tore up that cursed telegram, but I was afraid to throw the scraps away. Then I looked around for lower ten. It was almost exactly across--my berth was lower seven, and it was, of course, a bit of exceptional luck for me that the car was number seven."  "Did you tell your sister of the telegram from Bronson?" I asked.  "No. It would do no good, and she was in a bad way without that to make her worse."  "Your sister was killed, think." The shorter detective took a small package from his pocket and held it in his hand, snapping the rubber band which held it.  "Yes, she was killed," Sullivan said soberly. "What I say now can do her no harm."  He stopped to push back the heavy hair which dropped over his forehead, and went on more connectedly.  "It was late, after midnight, and we went at once to our berths. I undressed, and then I lay there for an hour, wondering how I was going to get the notes. Some one in lower nine was restless and wide awake, but finally became quiet.  "The man in ten was sleeping heavily. I could hear his breathing, and it seemed to be only a question of getting across and behind the curtains of his berth without being seen. After that, it was a mere matter of quiet searching.  "The car became very still. I was about to try for the other berth, when some one brushed softly past, and I lay back again.  "Finally, however, when things had been quiet for a time, I got up, and after looking along the aisle, I slipped behind the curtains of lower ten. You understand, Mr. Blakeley, that I thought you were in lower ten, with the notes."  I nodded curtly.  "I'm not trying to defend myself," he went on. "I was ready to steal the notes--I had to. But murder!"  He wiped his forehead with his handkerchief.  "Well, I slipped across and behind the curtains. It was very still. The man in ten didn't move, although my heart was thumping until I thought he would hear it.  "I felt around cautiously. It was perfectly dark, and I came across a bit of chain, about as long as my finger. It seemed a queer thing to find there, and it was sticky, too."  He shuddered, and I could see Alison's hands clenching and unclenching with the strain.  "All at once it struck me that the man was strangely silent, and I think I lost my nerve. Anyhow, I drew the curtains open a little, and let the light fall on my hands. They were red, blood-red."  He leaned one hand on the back of the chair, and was silent for a moment, as though he lived over again the awful events of that more than awful night.  The stout detective had let his cigar go out; he was still drawing at it nervously. Richey had picked up a paper-weight and was tossing it from hand to hand; when it slipped and fell to the floor, a startled shudder passed through the room.  "There was something glittering in there," Sullivan resumed, "and on impulse I picked it up. Then I dropped the curtains and stumbled back to my own berth."  "Where you wiped your hands on the bed-clothing and stuck the dirk into the pillow." Hotchkiss was seeing his carefully built structure crumbling to pieces, and he looked chagrined.  "I suppose I did--I'm not very clear about what happened then. But when I rallied a little I saw a Russia leather wallet lying in the aisle almost at my feet, and, like a fool, I stuck it, with the bit of chain, into my bag.  "I sat there, shivering, for what seemed hours. It was still perfectly quiet, except for some one snoring. I thought that would drive me crazy.  "The more I thought of it the worse things looked. The telegram was the first thing against me--it would put the police on my track at once, when it was discovered that the man in lower ten had been killed.  "Then I remembered the notes, and I took out the wallet and opened it."  He stopped for a minute, as if the recalling of the next occurrence was almost beyond him.  "I took out the wallet," he said simply, "and opening it, held it to the light. In gilt letters was the name, Simon Harrington."  The detectives were leaning forward now, their eyes on his face.  "Things seemed to whirl around for a while. I sat there almost paralyzed, wondering what this new development meant for me.  "My wife, I knew, would swear I had killed her father; nobody would be likely to believe the truth.  "Do you believe me now?" He rooked around at us defiantly. "I am telling the absolute truth, and not one of you believes me!  "After a bit the man in lower nine got up and walked along the aisle toward the smoking compartment. I heard him go, and, leaning from my berth, watched him out of sight.  "It was then I got the idea of changing berths with him, getting into his clothes, and leaving the train. I give you my word I had no idea of throwing suspicion on him."  Alison looked scornfully incredulous, but I felt that the man was telling the truth.  "I changed the numbers of the berths, and it worked well. I got into the other man's berth, and he came back to mine. The rest was easy. I dressed in his clothes--luckily, they fitted--and jumped the train not far from Baltimore, just before the wreck."  "There is something else you must clear up," I said. "Why did you try to telephone me from M-, and why did you change your mind about the message?"  He looked astounded.  "You knew I was at M-?" he stammered.  "Yes, we traced you. What about the message?"  "Well, it was this way: of course, I did not know your name, Mr. Blakeley. The telegram said, 'Man with papers in lower ten, car seven,"  and after I had made what I considered my escape, I began to think I had left the man in my berth in a bad way.  "He would probably be accused of the crime. So, although when the wreck occurred I supposed every one connected with the affair had been killed, there was a chance that you had survived. I've not been of much account, but I didn't want a man to swing because I'd left him in my place. Besides, I began to have a theory of my own.  "As we entered the car a tall, dark woman passed us, with a glass of water in her hand, and I vaguely remembered her. She was amazingly like Blanche Conway.  "If she, too, thought the man with the notes was in lower ten, it explained a lot, including that piece of a woman's necklace. She was a fury, Blanche Conway, capable of anything."  "Then why did you countermand that message?" I asked curiously.  "When I got to the Carter house, and got to bed--I had sprained my ankle in the jump--I went through the alligator bag I had taken from lower nine. When I found your name, I sent the first message. Then, soon after, I came across the notes. It seemed too good to be true, and I was crazy for fear the message had gone.  "At first I was going to send them to Bronson; then I began to see what the possession of the notes meant to me. It meant power over Bronson, money, influence, everything. He was a devil, that man."  "Well, he's at home now," said McKnight, and we were glad to laugh and relieve the tension.  Alison put her hand over her eyes, as if to shut out the sight of the man she had so nearly married, and I furtively touched one of the soft little curls that nestled at the back of her neck.  "When I was able to walk," went on the sullen voice, "I came at once to Washington. I tried to sell the notes to Bronson, but he was almost at the end of his rope. Not even my threat to send them back to you, Mr. Blakeley, could make him meet my figure. He didn't have the money."  McKnight was triumphant.  "I think you gentlemen will see reason in my theory now," he said. "Mrs. Conway wanted the notes to force a legal marriage, I suppose?"  "Yes."  The detective with the small package carefully rolled off the rubber band, and unwrapped it. I held my breath as he took out, first, the Russia leather wallet.  "These things, Mr. Blakeley, we found in the seal-skin bag Mr. Sullivan says he left you. This wallet, Mr. Sullivan--is this the one you found on the floor of the car?"  Sullivan opened it, and, glancing at the name inside, "Simon Harrington," nodded affirmatively.  "And this," went on the detective--"this is a piece of gold chain?"  "It seems to be," said Sullivan, recoiling at the blood-stained end.  "This, I believe, is the dagger." He held it up, and Alison gave a faint cry of astonishment and dismay. Sullivan's face grew ghastly, and he sat down weakly on the nearest chair.  The detective looked at him shrewdly, then at Alison's agitated face.  "Where have you seen this dagger before, young lady?" he asked, kindly enough.  "Oh, don't ask me!" she gasped breathlessly, her eyes turned on Sullivan. "It's--it's too terrible!"  "Tell him," I advised, leaning over to her. "It will be found out later, anyhow."  "Ask him," she said, nodding toward Sullivan. The detective unwrapped the small box Alison had brought, disclosing the trampled necklace and broken chain. With clumsy fingers he spread it on the table and fitted into place the bit of chain. There could be no doubt that it belonged there.  "Where did you find that chain?" Sullivan asked hoarsely, looking for the first time at Alison.  "On the floor, near the murdered man's berth."  "Now, Mr. Sullivan," said the detective civilly, "I believe you can tell us, in the light of these two exhibits, who really did murder Simon Harrington." He was glad enough to get away without an alarm being raised, and he took the "owl" train to town.  The oddest thing to me was that Mr. Jamieson had known for some time that Alex was Jack Bailey.  But the face of the pseudo-gardener was very queer indeed, when that night, in the card-room, the detective turned to him and said:  "How long are you and I going to play our little comedy, MR. BAILEY?"  Well, it is all over now.  Paul Armstrong rests in Casanova churchyard, and this time there is no mistake.  I went to the funeral, because I wanted to be sure he was really buried, and I looked at the step of the shaft where I had sat that night, and wondered if it was all real. Sunnyside is for sale--no, I shall not buy it.  Little Lucien Armstrong is living with his step-grandmother, and she is recovering gradually from troubles that had extended over the entire period of her second marriage. Anne Watson lies not far from the man she killed, and who as surely caused her death.  Thomas, the fourth victim of the conspiracy, is buried on the hill.  With Nina Carrington, five lives were sacrificed in the course of this grim conspiracy.  There will be two weddings before long, and Liddy has asked for my heliotrope poplin to wear to the church.  I knew she would. She has wanted it for three years, and she was quite ugly the time I spilled coffee on it.  We are very quiet, just the two of us.  Liddy still clings to her ghost theory, and points to my wet and muddy boots in the trunk-room as proof.  I am gray, I admit, but I haven't felt as well in a dozen years.  Sometimes, when I am bored, I ring for Liddy, and we talk things over.  When Warner married Rosie, Liddy sniffed and said what I took for faithfulness in Rosie had been nothing but mawkishness. I have not yet outlived Liddy's contempt because I gave them silver knives and forks as a wedding gift.  So we sit and talk, and sometimes Liddy threatens to leave, and often I discharge her, but we stay together somehow.  I am talking of renting a house next year, and Liddy says to be sure there is no ghost.  To be perfectly frank, I never really lived until that summer.  Time has passed since I began this story. My neighbors are packing up for another summer.  Liddy is having the awnings put up, and the window boxes filled.  Liddy or no Liddy, I shall advertise to-morrow for a house in the country, and I don't care if it has a Circular Staircase.          In my criminal work anything that wears skirts is a lady, until the law proves her otherwise. From the frayed and slovenly petticoats of the woman who owns a poultry stand in the market and who has grown wealthy by selling chickens at twelve ounces to the pound, or the silk sweep of Mamie Tracy, whose diamonds have been stolen down on the avenue, or the staidly respectable black and middle-aged skirt of the client whose husband has found an affinity partial to laces and fripperies, and has run off with her--all the wearers are ladies, and as such announced by Hawes. In fact, he carries it to excess. He speaks of his wash lady, with a husband who is an ash merchant, and he announced one day in some excitement, that the lady who had just gone out had appropriated all the loose change out of the pocket of his overcoat.  So when Hawes announced a lady, I took my feet off my desk, put down the brief I had been reading, and rose perfunctorily. With my first glance at my visitor, however, I threw away my cigar, and I have heard since, settled my tie. That this client was different was borne in on me at once by the way she entered the room. She had poise in spite of embarrassment, and her face when she raised her veil was white, refined, and young.  "I did not send in my name," she said, when she saw me glancing down for the card Hawes usually puts on my table. "It was advice I wanted, and I--I did not think the name would matter."  She was more composed, I think, when she found me considerably older than herself. I saw her looking furtively at the graying places over my ears. I am only thirty-five, as far as that goes, but my family, although it keeps its hair, turns gray early--a business asset but a social handicap.  "Won't you sit down?" I asked, pushing out a chair, so that she would face the light, while I remained in shadow. Every doctor and every lawyer knows that trick. "As far as the name goes, perhaps you would better tell me the trouble first. Then, if I think it indispensable, you can tell me."  She acquiesced to this and sat for a moment silent, her gaze absently on the windows of the building across. In the morning light my first impression was verified. Only too often the raising of a woman's veil in my office reveals the ravages of tears, or rouge, or dissipation. My new client turned fearlessly to the window an unlined face, with a clear skin, healthily pale. From where I sat, her profile was beautiful, in spite of its drooping suggestion of trouble; her first embarrassment gone, she had forgotten herself and was intent on her errand.  "I hardly know how to begin," she said, "but suppose"--slowly--"suppose that a man, a well-known man, should leave home without warning, not taking any clothes except those he wore, and saying he was coming home to dinner, and he--he--"  She stopped as if her voice had failed her.  "And he does not come?" I prompted.  She nodded, fumbling for her handkerchief in her bag.  "How long has he been gone?" I asked. I had heard exactly the same thing before, but to leave a woman like that, hardly more than a girl, and lovely!  "Ten days."  "I should think it ought to be looked into," I said decisively, and got up. Somehow I couldn't sit quietly. A lawyer who is worth anything is always a partisan, I suppose, and I never hear of a man deserting his wife that I am not indignant, the virtuous scorn of the unmarried man, perhaps. "But you will have to tell me more than that. Did this gentleman have any bad habits? That is, did he--er--drink?"  "Not to excess. He had been forbidden anything of that sort by his physician. He played bridge for money, but I--believe he was rather lucky." She colored uncomfortably.  "Married, I suppose?" I asked casually.  "He had been. His wife died when I--" She stopped and bit her lip. Then it was not her husband, after all! Oddly enough, the sun came out just at that moment, spilling a pool of sunlight at her feet, on the dusty rug with its tobacco-bitten scars.  "It is my father," she said simply. I was absurdly relieved.  But with the realization that I had not a case of desertion on my hands, I had to view the situation from a new angle.  "You are absolutely at a loss to account for his disappearance?"  "Absolutely."  "You have had no word from him?"  "None."  "He never went away before for any length of time, without telling you?"  "No. Never. He was away a great deal, but I always knew where to find him." Her voice broke again and her chin quivered. I thought it wise to reassure her.  "Don't let us worry about this until we are sure it is serious," I said. "Sometimes the things that seem most mysterious have the simplest explanations. He may have written and the letter have miscarried or--even a slight accident would account--" I saw I was blundering; she grew white and wide-eyed. "But, of course, that's unlikely too. He would have papers to identify him."  "His pockets were always full of envelopes and things like that," she assented eagerly.  "Don't you think I ought to know his name?" I asked. "It need not be known outside of the office, and this is a sort of confessional anyhow, or worse. People tell things to their lawyer that they wouldn't think of telling the priest."  Her color was slowly coming back, and she smiled.  "My name is Fleming, Margery Fleming," she said after a second's hesitation, "and my father, Mr. Allan Fleming, is the man. Oh, Mr. Knox, what are we going to do? He has been gone for more than a week!"  No wonder she had wished to conceal the identity of the missing man. So Allan Fleming was lost! A good many highly respectable citizens would hope that he might never be found. Fleming, state treasurer, delightful companion, polished gentleman and successful politician of the criminal type. Outside in the corridor the office boy was singing under his breath. "Oh once there was a miller," he sang, "who lived in a mill." It brought back to my mind instantly the reform meeting at the city hall a year before, where for a few hours we had blown the feeble spark of protest against machine domination to a flame. We had sung a song to that very tune, and with this white-faced girl across from me, its words came back with revolting truth. It had been printed and circulated through the hall.      "Oh, once there was a capitol       That sat on a hill,     As it's too big to steal away       It's probably there still.     The ring's hand in the treasury       And Fleming with a sack.     They take it out in wagon loads       And never bring it back."  I put the song out of my mind with a shudder. "I am more than sorry," I said. I was, too; whatever he may have been, he was _her_ father. "And of course there are a number of reasons why this ought not to be known, for a time at least. After all, as I say, there may be a dozen simple explanations, and--there are exigencies in politics--"  "I hate politics!" she broke in suddenly. "The very name makes me ill. When I read of women wanting to--to vote and all that, I wonder if they know what it means to have to be polite to dreadful people, people who have even been convicts, and all that. Why, our last butler had been a prize fighter!" She sat upright with her hands on the arms of the chair. "That's another thing, too, Mr. Knox. The day after father went away, Carter left. And he has not come back."  "Carter was the butler?"  "Yes."  "A white man?"  "Oh, yes."  "And he left without giving you any warning?"  "Yes. He served luncheon the day after father went away, and the maids say he went away immediately after. He was not there that evening to serve dinner, but--he came back late that night, and got into the house, using his key to the servants entrance. He slept there, the maids said, but he was gone before the servants were up and we have not seen him since."  I made a mental note of the butler.  "We'll go back to Carter again," I said. "Your father has not been ill, has he? I mean recently."  She considered.  "I can not think of anything except that he had a tooth pulled." She was quick to resent my smile. "Oh, I know I'm not helping you," she exclaimed, "but I have thought over everything until I can not think any more. I always end where I begin."  "You have not noticed any mental symptoms--any lack of memory?"  Her eyes filled.  "He forgot my birthday, two weeks ago," she said. "It was the first one he had ever forgotten, in nineteen of them."  Nineteen! Nineteen from thirty-five leaves sixteen!  "What I meant was this," I explained. "People sometimes have sudden and unaccountable lapses of memory and at those times they are apt to stray away from home. Has your father been worried lately?"  "He has not been himself at all. He has been irritable, even to me, and terrible to the servants. Only to Carter--he was never ugly to Carter. But I do not think it was a lapse of memory. When I remember how he looked that morning, I believe that he meant then to go away. It shows how he had changed, when he could think of going away without a word, and leaving me there alone."  "Then you have no brothers or sisters?"  "None. I came to you--" there she stopped.  "Please tell me how you happened to come to me," I urged. "I think you know that I am both honored and pleased."  "I didn't know where to go," she confessed, "so I took the telephone directory, the classified part under 'Attorneys,' and after I shut my eyes, I put my finger haphazard on the page. It pointed to your name."  I am afraid I flushed at this, but it was a wholesome douche. In a moment I laughed.  "We will take it as an omen," I said, "and I will do all that I can. But I am not a detective, Miss Fleming. Don't you think we ought to have one?"  "Not the police!" she shuddered. "I thought you could do something without calling in a detective."  "Suppose you tell me what happened the day your father left, and how he went away. Tell me the little things too. They may be straws that will point in a certain direction."  "In the first place," she began, "we live on Monmouth Avenue. There are just the two of us, and the servants: a cook, two housemaids, a laundress, a butler and a chauffeur. My father spends much of his time at the capital, and in the last two years, since my old governess went back to Germany, at those times I usually go to mother's sisters at Bellwood--Miss Letitia and Miss Jane Maitland."  I nodded: I knew the Maitland ladies well. I had drawn four different wills for Miss Letitia in the last year.  "My father went away on the tenth of May. You say to tell you all about his going, but there is nothing to tell. We have a machine, but it was being repaired. Father got up from breakfast, picked up his hat and walked out of the house. He was irritated at a letter he had read at the table--"  "Could you find that letter?" I asked quickly.  "He took it with him. I knew he was disturbed, for he did not even say he was going. He took a car, and I thought he was on his way to his office. He did not come home that night and I went to the office the next morning. The stenographer said he had not been there. He is not at Plattsburg, because they have been trying to call him from there on the long distance telephone every day."  In spite of her candid face I was sure she was holding something back.  "Why don't you tell me everything?" I asked. "You may be keeping back the one essential point."  She flushed. Then she opened her pocket-book and gave me a slip of rough paper. On it, in careless figures, was the number "eleven twenty-two." That was all.  "I was afraid you would think it silly," she said. "It was such a meaningless thing. You see, the second night after father left, I was nervous and could not sleep. I expected him home at any time and I kept listening for his step down-stairs. About three o'clock I was sure I heard some one in the room below mine--there was a creaking as if the person were walking carefully. I felt relieved, for I thought he had come back. But I did not hear the door into his bedroom close, and I got more and more wakeful. Finally I got up and slipped along the hall to his room. The door was open a few inches and I reached in and switched on the electric lights. I had a queer feeling before I turned on the light that there was some one standing close to me, but the room was empty, and the hall, too."  "And the paper?"  "When I saw the room was empty I went in. The paper had been pinned to a pillow on the bed. At first I thought it had been dropped or had blown there. When I saw the pin I was startled. I went back to my room and rang for Annie, the second housemaid, who is also a sort of personal maid of mine. It was half-past three o'clock when Annie came down. I took her into father's room and showed her the paper. She was sure it was not there when she folded back the bed clothes for the night at nine o'clock."  "Eleven twenty-two," I repeated. "Twice eleven is twenty-two. But that isn't very enlightening."  "No," she admitted. "I thought it might be a telephone number, and I called up all the eleven twenty-twos in the city."  In spite of myself, I laughed, and after a moment she smiled in sympathy.  "We are not brilliant, certainly," I said at last. "In the first place, Miss Fleming, if I thought the thing was very serious I would not laugh--but no doubt a day or two will see everything straight. But, to go back to this eleven twenty-two--did you rouse the servants and have the house searched?"  "Yes, Annie said Carter had come back and she went to waken him, but although his door was locked inside, he did not answer. Annie and I switched on all the lights on the lower floor from the top of the stairs. Then we went down together and looked around. Every window and door was locked, but in father's study, on the first floor, two drawers of his desk were standing open. And in the library, the little compartment in my writing-table, where I keep my house money, had been broken open and the money taken."  "Nothing else was gone?"  "Nothing. The silver on the sideboard in the dining-room, plenty of valuable things in the cabinet in the drawing-room--nothing was disturbed."  "It might have been Carter," I reflected. "Did he know where you kept your house money?"  "It is possible, but I hardly think so. Besides, if he was going to steal, there were so many more valuable things in the house. My mother's jewels as well as my own were in my dressing-room, and the door was not locked."  "They were not disturbed?"  She hesitated.  "They had been disturbed," she admitted. "My grandmother left each of her children some unstrung pearls. They were a hobby with her. Aunt Jane and Aunt Letitia never had theirs strung, but my mother's were made into different things, all old-fashioned. I left them locked in a drawer in my sitting-room, where I have always kept them. The following morning the drawer was unlocked and partly open, but nothing was missing."  "All your jewelry was there?"  "All but one ring, which I rarely remove from my finger." I followed her eyes. Under her glove was the outline of a ring, a solitaire stone.  "Nineteen from--" I shook myself together and got up.  "It does not sound like an ordinary burglary," I reflected. "But I am afraid I have no imagination. No doubt what you have told me would be meat and drink to a person with an analytical turn of mind. I can't deduct. Nineteen from thirty-five leaves sixteen, according to my mental process, although I know men who could make the difference nothing."  I believe she thought I was a little mad, for her face took on again its despairing look.  "We _must_ find him, Mr. Knox," she insisted as she got up. "If you know of a detective that you can trust, please get him. But you can understand that the unexplained absence of the state treasurer must be kept secret. One thing I am sure of: he is being kept away. You don't know what enemies he has! Men like Mr. Schwartz, who have no scruples, no principle."  "Schwartz!" I repeated in surprise. Henry Schwartz was the boss of his party in the state; the man of whom one of his adversaries had said, with the distinct approval of the voting public, that he was so low in the scale of humanity that it would require a special dispensation of Heaven to raise him to the level of total degradation. Then she closed it softly and came back.  "Mrs. Curtis is dead? You are sure of it?" she asked.  "She was killed instantly, I believe. The body was not recovered. But I have reasons for believing that Mr. Sullivan is living."  "I knew it," she said. "I--I think he was here the night before last. That is why I went to the tower room. I believe he would kill me if he could." As nearly as her round and comely face could express it, Jennie's expression was tragic at that moment. I made a quick resolution, and acted on it at once.  "You are not entirely frank with me, Jennie," I protested. "And I am going to tell you more than I have. We are talking at cross purposes."  "I was on the wrecked train, in the same car with Mrs. Curtis, Miss West and Mr. Sullivan. During the night there was a crime committed in that car and Mr. Sullivan disappeared. But he left behind him a chain of circumstantial evidence that involved me completely, so that I may, at any time, be arrested."  Apparently she did not comprehend for a moment. Then, as if the meaning of my words had just dawned on her, she looked up and gasped:  "You mean--Mr. Sullivan committed the crime himself?"  "I think he did."  "What was it?"  "It was murder," I said deliberately.  Her hands clenched involuntarily, and she shrank back. "A woman?" She could scarcely form her words.  "No, a man; a Mr. Simon Harrington, of Pittsburg."  Her effort to retain her self-control was pitiful. Then she broke down and cried, her head on the back of a tall chair.  "It was my fault," she said wretchedly, "my fault, I should not have sent them the word."  After a few minutes she grew quiet. She seemed to hesitate over something, and finally determined to say it.  "You will understand better, sir, when I say that I was raised in the Harrington family. Mr. Harrington was Mr. Sullivan's wife's father!"       So it had been the tiger, not the lady! Well, I had held to that theory all through. Jennie suddenly became a valuable person; if necessary she could prove the connection between Sullivan and the murdered man, and show a motive for the crime. I was triumphant when Hotchkiss came in. When the girl had produced a photograph of Mrs. Sullivan, and I had recognized the bronze-haired girl of the train, we were both well satisfied--which goes to prove the ephemeral nature of most human contentments.  Jennie either had nothing more to say, or feared she had said too much. She was evidently uneasy before Hotchkiss. I told her that Mrs. Sullivan was recovering in a Baltimore hospital, but she already knew it, from some source, and merely nodded. She made a few preparations for leaving, while Hotchkiss and I compared notes, and then, with the cat in her arms, she climbed into the trap from the town. I sat with her, and on the way down she told me a little, not much.  "If you see Mrs. Sullivan," she advised, "and she is conscious, she probably thinks that both her husband and her father were killed in the wreck. She will be in a bad way, sir."  "You mean that she--still cares about her husband?"  The cat crawled over on to my knee, and rubbed its head against my hand invitingly. Jennie stared at the undulating line of the mountain crests, a colossal sun against a blue ocean of sky. "Yes, she cares," she said softly. "Women are made like that. They say they are cats, but Peter there in your lap wouldn't come back and lick your hand if you kicked him. If--if you have to tell her the truth, be as gentle as you can, sir. She has been good to me--that's why I have played the spy here all summer. It's a thankless thing, spying on people."  "It is that," I agreed soberly.  Hotchkiss and I arrived in Washington late that evening, and, rather than arouse the household, I went to the club. I was at the office early the next morning and admitted myself. McKnight rarely appeared before half after ten, and our modest office force some time after nine. I looked over my previous day's mail and waited, with such patience as I possessed, for McKnight. In the interval I called up Mrs. Klopton and announced that I would dine at home that night. What my household subsists on during my numerous absences I have never discovered. Tea, probably, and crackers. Diligent search when I have made a midnight arrival, never reveals anything more substantial. Possibly I imagine it, but the announcement that I am about to make a journey always seems to create a general atmosphere of depression throughout the house, as though Euphemia and Eliza, and Thomas, the stableman, were already subsisting, in imagination, on Mrs. Klopton's meager fare.  So I called her up and announced my arrival. There was something unusual in her tone, as though her throat was tense with indignation. Always shrill, her elderly voice rasped my ear painfully through the receiver.  "I have changed the butcher, Mr. Lawrence," she announced portentously. "The last roast was a pound short, and his mutton-chops--any self-respecting sheep would refuse to acknowledge them."  As I said before, I can always tell from the voice in which Mrs. Klopton conveys the most indifferent matters, if something of real significance has occurred. Also, through long habit, I have learned how quickest to bring her to the point.  "You are pessimistic this morning," I returned. "What's the matter, Mrs. Klopton? You haven't used that tone since Euphemia baked a pie for the iceman. What is it now? Somebody poison the dog?"  She cleared her throat.  "The house has been broken into, Mr. Lawrence," she said. "I have lived in the best families, and never have I stood by and seen what I saw yesterday--every bureau drawer opened, and my--my most sacred belongings--" she choked.  "Did you notify the police?" I asked sharply.  "Police!" she sniffed. "Police! It was the police that did it--two detectives with a search warrant. I--I wouldn't dare tell you over the telephone what one of them said when he found the whisky and rock candy for my cough."  "Did they take anything?" I demanded, every nerve on edge.  "They took the cough medicine," she returned indignantly, "and they said--"  "Confound the cough medicine!" I was frantic. "Did they take anything else? Were they in my dressing-room?"  "Yes. I threatened to sue them, and I told them what you would do when you came back. But they wouldn't listen. They took away that black sealskin bag you brought home from Pittsburg with you!"  I knew then that my hours of freedom were numbered. To have found Sullivan and then, in support of my case against him, to have produced the bag, minus the bit of chain, had been my intention. But the police had the bag, and, beyond knowing something of Sullivan's history, I was practically no nearer his discovery than before. Hotchkiss hoped he had his man in the house off Washington Circle, but on the very night he had seen him Jennie claimed that Sullivan had tried to enter the Laurels. Then--suppose we found Sullivan and proved the satchel and its contents his? Since the police had the bit of chain it might mean involving Alison in the story. I sat down and buried my face in my hands. There was no escape. I figured it out despondingly.  Against me was the evidence of the survivors of the Ontario that I had been accused of the murder at the time. There had been blood-stains on my pillow and a hidden dagger. Into the bargain, in my possession had been found a traveling-bag containing the dead man's pocket-book.  In my favor was McKnight's theory against Mrs. Conway. She had a motive for wishing to secure the notes, she believed I was in lower ten, and she had collapsed at the discovery of the crime in the morning.  Against both of these theories, I accuse a purely chimerical person named Sullivan, who was not seen by any of the survivors--save one, Alison, whom I could not bring into the case. I could find a motive for his murdering his father-in-law, whom he hated, but again--I would have to drag in the girl.  And not one of the theories explained the telegram and the broken necklace.  Outside the office force was arriving. They were comfortably ignorant of my presence, and over the transom floated scraps of dialogue and the stenographer's gurgling laugh. McKnight had a relative, who was reading law with him, in the intervals between calling up the young women of his acquaintance. He came in singing, and the office boy joined in with the uncertainty of voice of fifteen. I smiled grimly. I was too busy with my own troubles to find any joy in opening the door and startling them into silence. I even heard, without resentment, Blobs of the uncertain voice inquire when "Blake" would be back.  I hoped McKnight would arrive before the arrest occurred. There were many things to arrange. But when at last, impatient of his delay, I telephoned, I found he had been gone for more than an hour. Clearly he was not coming directly to the office, and with such resignation as I could muster I paced the floor and waited.  I felt more alone than I have ever felt in my life. "Born an orphan,"  as Richey said, I had made my own way, carved out myself such success as had been mine. I had built up my house of life on the props of law and order, and now some unknown hand had withdrawn the supports, and I stood among ruins.  I suppose it is the maternal in a woman that makes a man turn to her when everything else fails. The eternal boy in him goes to have his wounded pride bandaged, his tattered self-respect repaired. If he loves the woman, he wants her to kiss the hurt.  The longing to see Alison, always with me, was stronger than I was that morning. It might be that I would not see her again. I had nothing to say to her save one thing, and that, under the cloud that hung over me, I did not dare to say. But I wanted to see her, to touch her hand--as only a lonely man can crave it, I wanted the comfort of her, the peace that lay in her presence. And so, with every step outside the door a threat, I telephoned to her.  She was gone! The disappointment was great, for my need was great. In a fury of revolt against the scheme of things, I heard that she had started home to Richmond--but that she might still be caught at the station.  To see her had by that time become an obsession. I picked up my hat, threw open the door, and, oblivious of the shock to the office force of my presence, followed so immediately by my exit, I dashed out to the elevator. As I went down in one cage I caught a glimpse of Johnson and two other men going up in the next. I hardly gave them a thought. There was no hansom in sight, and I jumped on a passing car. Let come what might, arrest, prison, disgrace, I was going to see Alison.  I saw her. I flung into the station, saw that it was empty--empty, for she was not there. Then I hurried back to the gates. She was there, a familiar figure in blue, the very gown in which I always thought of her, the one she had worn when, Heaven help me--I had kissed her, at the Carter farm. And she was not alone. Bending over her, talking earnestly, with all his boyish heart in his face, was Richey.  They did not see me, and I was glad of it. After all, it had been McKnight's game first. I turned on my heel and made my way blindly out of the station. Before I lost them I turned once and looked toward them, standing apart from the crowd, absorbed in each other. They were the only two people on earth that I cared about, and I left them there together. Then I went back miserably to the office and awaited arrest.       Strangely enough, I was not disturbed that day. McKnight did not appear at all. I sat at my desk and transacted routine business all afternoon, working with feverish energy. Like a man on the verge of a critical illness or a hazardous journey, I cleared up my correspondence, paid bills until I had writer's cramp from signing checks, read over my will, and paid up my life insurance, made to the benefit of an elderly sister of my mother's. I no longer dreaded arrest. After that morning in the station, I felt that anything would be a relief from the tension. I went home with perfect openness, courting the warrant that I knew was waiting, but I was not molested. The delay puzzled me. The early part of the evening was uneventful. I read until late, with occasional lapses, when my book lay at my elbow, and I smoked and thought. Mrs. Klopton closed the house with ostentatious caution, about eleven, and hung around waiting to enlarge on the outrageousness of the police search. I did not encourage her.  "One would think," she concluded pompously, one foot in the hall, "that you were something you oughtn't to be, Mr. Lawrence. They acted as though you had committed a crime."  "I'm not sure that I didn't, Mrs. Klopton," I said wearily. "Somebody did, the general verdict seems to point my way."  She stared at me in speechless indignation. Then she flounced out. She came back once to say that the paper predicted cooler weather, and that she had put a blanket on my bed, but, to her disappointment, I refused to reopen the subject.  At half past eleven McKnight and Hotchkiss came in. Richey has a habit of stopping his car in front of the house and honking until some one comes out. He has a code of signals with the horn, which I never remember. Two long and a short blast mean, I believe, "Send out a box of cigarettes," and six short blasts, which sound like a police call, mean "Can you lend me some money?" To-night I knew something was up, for he got out and rang the door-bell like a Christian.  They came into the library, and Hotchkiss wiped his collar until it gleamed. McKnight was aggressively cheerful.  "Not pinched yet!" he exclaimed. "What do you think of that for luck! You always were a fortunate devil, Lawrence."  "Yes," I assented, with some bitterness, "I hardly know how to contain myself for joy sometimes. I suppose you know"--to Hotchkiss--"that the police were here while we were at Cresson, and that they found the bag that I brought from the wreck?"  "Things are coming to a head," he said thoughtfully "unless a little plan that I have in mind--" he hesitated.  "I hope so; I am pretty nearly desperate," I said doggedly. "I've got a mental toothache, and the sooner it's pulled the better."  "Tut, tut," said McKnight, "think of the disgrace to the firm if its senior member goes up for life, or--" he twisted his handkerchief into a noose, and went through an elaborate pantomime.  "Although jail isn't so bad, anyhow," he finished, "there are fellows that get the habit and keep going back and going back." He looked at his watch, and I fancied his cheerfulness was strained. Hotchkiss was nervously fumbling my book.  "Did you ever read The Purloined Letter, Mr. Blakeley?" he inquired.  "Probably, years ago," I said. "Poe, isn't it?"  He was choked at my indifference. "It is a masterpiece," he said, with enthusiasm. "I re-read it to-day."  "And what happened?"  "Then I inspected the rooms in the house off Washington Circle. I--I made some discoveries, Mr. Blakeley. For one thing, our man there is left-handed." He looked around for our approval. "There was a small cushion on the dresser, and the scarf pins in it had been stuck in with the left hand."  "Somebody may have twisted the cushion," I objected, but he looked hurt, and I desisted.  "There is only one discrepancy," he admitted, "but it troubles me. According to Mrs. Carter, at the farmhouse, our man wore gaudy pajamas, while I found here only the most severely plain night-shirts."  "Any buttons off?" McKnight inquired, looking again at his watch.  "The buttons were there," the amateur detective answered gravely, "but the buttonhole next the top one was torn through."  McKnight winked at me furtively.  "I am convinced of one thing," Hotchkiss went on, clearing his throat, "the papers are not in that room. Either he carries them with him, or he has sold them."  A sound on the street made both my visitors listen sharply. Whatever it was it passed on, however. I was growing curious and the restraint was telling on McKnight. He has no talent for secrecy. In the interval we discussed the strange occurrence at Cresson, which lost nothing by Hotchkiss' dry narration.  "And so," he concluded, "the woman in the Baltimore hospital is the wife of Henry Sullivan and the daughter of the man he murdered. No wonder he collapsed when he heard of the wreck."  "Joy, probably," McKnight put in. "Is that clock right, Lawrence? Never mind, it doesn't matter. By the way, Mrs. Conway dropped in the office yesterday, while you were away."  "What!" I sprang from my chair.  "Sure thing. Said she had heard great things of us, and wanted us to handle her case against the railroad."  "I would like to know what she is driving at," I reflected. "Is she trying to reach me through you?"  Richey's flippancy is often a cloak for deeper feeling. He dropped it now. "Yes," he said, "she's after the notes, of course. And I'll tell you I felt like a poltroon--whatever that may be--when I turned her down. She stood by the door with her face white, and told me contemptuously that I could save you from a murder charge and wouldn't do it. She made me feel like a cur. I was just as guilty as if I could have obliged her. She hinted that there were reasons and she laid my attitude to beastly motives."  "Nonsense," I said, as easily as I could. Hotchkiss had gone to the window. "She was excited. There are no 'reasons,' whatever she means."  Richey put his hand on my shoulder. "We've been together too long to let any 'reasons' or 'unreasons' come between us, old man," he said, not very steadily. Hotchkiss, who had been silent, here came forward in his most impressive manner. He put his hands under his coat-tails and coughed.  "Mr. Blakeley," he began, "by Mr. McKnight's advice we have arranged a little interview here to-night. If all has gone as I planned, Mr. Henry Pinckney Sullivan is by this time under arrest. Within a very few minutes--he will be here."  "I wanted to talk to him before he was locked up," Richey explained. "He's clever enough to be worth knowing, and, besides, I'm not so cocksure of his guilt as our friend the Patch on the Seat of Government. No murderer worthy of the name needs six different motives for the same crime, beginning with robbery, and ending with an unpleasant father-in-law."  We were all silent for a while. McKnight stationed himself at a window, and Hotchkiss paced the floor expectantly. "It's a great day for modern detective methods," he chirruped. "While the police have been guarding houses and standing with their mouths open waiting for clues to fall in and choke them, we have pieced together, bit by bit, a fabric--"  The door-bell rang, followed immediately by sounds of footsteps in the hall. McKnight threw the door open, and Hotchkiss, raised on his toes, flung out his arm in a gesture of superb eloquence.  "Behold--your man!" he declaimed.  Through the open doorway came a tall, blond fellow, clad in light gray, wearing tan shoes, and followed closely by an officer.  "I brought him here as you suggested, Mr. McKnight," said the constable.  But McKnight was doubled over the library table in silent convulsions of mirth, and I was almost as bad. Little Hotchkiss stood up, his important attitude finally changing to one of chagrin, while the blond man ceased to look angry, and became sheepish. The cobwebs over the window made it practically an impossible place, but we put Robert, the gardener, through it, in spite of his protests.  "There's nothin' there, I tell you," he protested, with one leg over the coping. "God only knows what's down there, after all these years. I've been livin' here with the Miss Maitlands for twenty year, and I ain't never been put to goin' down into cellars on the end of a rope."  He went, because we were three to his one, but he was up again in sixty seconds, with the announcement that the place was as bare as the top of his head.  We moved every trunk in the store-room, although it would have been a moral impossibility for any one to have done it the night before without rousing the entire family, and were thus able to get to and open a large closet, which proved to contain neatly tied and labeled packages of religious weeklies, beginning in the sixties.  The grounds had been gone over inch by inch, without affording any clue, and now the three of us faced one another. The day was almost gone, and we were exactly where we started. Hunter had sent men through the town and the adjacent countryside, but no word had come from them. Miss Letitia had at last succumbed to the suspense and had gone to bed, where she lay quietly enough, as is the way with the old, but so mild that she was alarming.  At five o'clock Hawes called me up from the office and almost tearfully implored me to come back and attend to my business. When I said it was impossible, I could hear him groan as he hung up the receiver. Hawes is of the opinion that by keeping fresh magazines in my waiting-room and by persuading me to the extravagance of Turkish rugs, that he has built my practice to its present flourishing state. When I left the telephone, Hunter was preparing to go back to town and Wardrop was walking up and down the hall. Suddenly Wardrop stopped his uneasy promenade and hailed the detective on his way to the door.  "By George," he exclaimed, "I forgot to show you the closet under the attic stairs!"  We hurried up and Wardrop showed us the panel in the hall, which slid to one side when he pushed a bolt under the carpet. The blackness of the closet was horrible in its suggestion to me. I stepped back while Hunter struck a match and looked in.  The closet was empty.  "Better not go in," Wardrop said. "It hasn't been used for years and it's black with dust. I found it myself and showed it to Miss Jane. I don't believe Miss Letitia knows it is here."  "It hasn't been used for years!" reflected Hunter, looking around him curiously. "I suppose it has been some time since you were in here, Mr. Wardrop?"  "Several years," Wardrop replied carelessly. "I used to keep contraband here in my college days, cigarettes and that sort of thing. I haven't been in it since then."  Hunter took his foot off a small object that lay on the floor, and picking it up, held it out to Wardrop, with a grim smile.  "Here is the fountain pen you lost this morning, Mr. Wardrop," he said quietly.      When Hunter had finally gone at six o'clock, summoned to town on urgent business, we were very nearly where we had been before he came. He could only give us theories, and after all, what we wanted was fact--and Miss Jane. Many things, however, that he had unearthed puzzled me.  Why had Wardrop lied about so small a matter as his fountain pen? The closet was empty: what object could he have had in saying he had not been in it for years? I found that my belief in his sincerity of the night before was going. If he had been lying then, I owed him something for a lump on my head that made it difficult for me to wear my hat.  It would have been easy enough for him to rob himself, and, if he had an eye for the theatrical, to work out just some such plot. It was even possible that he had hidden for a few hours in the secret closet the contents of the Russia leather bag. But, whatever Wardrop might or might not be, he gave me little chance to find out, for he left the house before Hunter did that afternoon, and it was later, and under strange circumstances, that I met him again.  Hunter had not told me what was on the paper he had picked out of the basket in Miss Jane's room, and I knew he was as much puzzled as I at the scrap in the little cupboard, with eleven twenty-two on it. It occurred to me that it might mean the twenty-second day of the eleventh month, perhaps something that had happened on some momentous, long-buried twenty-second of November. But this was May, and the finding of two slips bearing the same number was too unusual.  After Hunter left I went back to the closet under the upper stairs, and with some difficulty got the panel open again. The space inside, perhaps eight feet high at one end and four at the other, was empty. There was a row of hooks, as if at some time clothing had been hung there, and a flat shelf at one end, gray with dust.  I struck another match and examined the shelf. On its surface were numerous scratchings in the dust layer, but at one end, marked out as if drawn on a blackboard, was a rectangular outline, apparently that of a smallish box, and fresh.  My match burned my fingers and I dropped it to the floor, where it expired in a sickly blue flame. At the last, however, it died heroically--like an old man to whom his last hours bring back some of the glory of his prime, burning brightly for a second and then fading into darkness. The last flash showed me, on the floor of the closet and wedged between two boards, a small white globule. It did not need another match to tell me it was a pearl.  I dug it out carefully and took it to my room. In the daylight there I recognized it as an unstrung pearl of fair size and considerable value. There could hardly be a doubt that I had stumbled on one of the stolen gems; but a pearl was only a pearl to me, after all. I didn't feel any of the inspirations which fiction detectives experience when they happen on an important clue.  I lit a cigar and put the pearl on the table in front of me. But no explanation formed itself in the tobacco smoke. If Wardrop took the pearls, I kept repeating over and over, if Wardrop took the pearls, who took Miss Jane?  I tried to forget the pearls, and to fathom the connection between Miss Maitland's disappearance and the absence of her brother-in-law. The scrap of paper, eleven twenty-two, must connect them, but how? A family scandal? Dismissed on the instant. There could be nothing that would touch the virginal remoteness of that little old lady. Insanity? Well, Miss Jane might have had a sudden aberration and wandered away, but that would leave Fleming out, and the paper dragged him in. A common enemy?  I smoked and considered for some time over this. An especially malignant foe might rob, or even murder, but it was almost ludicrous to think of his carrying away by force Miss Jane's ninety pounds of austere flesh. The solution, had it not been for the blood-stains, might have been a peaceful one, leaving out the pearls, altogether, but later developments showed that the pearls refused to be omitted. To my mind, however, at that time, the issue seemed a double one. I believed that some one, perhaps Harry Wardrop, had stolen the pearls, hidden them in the secret closet, and disposed of them later. I made a note to try to follow up the missing pearls.  Then--I clung to the theory that Miss Maitland had been abducted and was being held for ransom. If I could have found traces of a vehicle of any sort near the house, I would almost have considered my contention proved. That any one could have entered the house, intimidated and even slightly injured the old lady, and taken her quietly out the front door, while I sat smoking in my room with the window open, and Wardrop trying the shutters at the side of the house, seemed impossible. Yet there were the stains, the confusion, the open front door to prove it.  But--and I stuck here--the abductor who would steal an old woman, and take her out into the May night without any covering--not even shoes--clad only in her night-clothes, would run an almost certain risk of losing his prize by pneumonia. For a second search had shown not an article of wearing apparel missing from the house. Even the cedar chests were undisturbed; not a blanket was gone.  Just before dinner I made a second round of the grounds, this time looking for traces of wheels. I found none near-by, and it occurred to me that the boldest highwayman would hardly drive up to the door for his booty. When I had extended my search to cover the unpaved lane that separated the back of the Maitland place from its nearest neighbor, I was more fortunate.  The morning delivery wagons had made fresh trails, and at first I despaired. I sauntered up the lane to the right, however, and about a hundred feet beyond the boundary hedge I found circular tracks, broad and deep, where an automobile had backed and turned. The lane was separated by high hedges of osage orange from the properties on either side, and each house in that neighborhood had a drive of its own, which entered from the main street, circled the house and went out as it came.  There was no reason, or, so far as I could see, no legitimate reason, why a car should have stopped there, yet it had stopped and for some time. Deeper tracks in the sand at the side of the lane showed that.  I felt that I had made some progress: I had found where the pearls had been hidden after the theft, and this put Bella out of the question. And I had found--or thought I had--the way in which Miss Jane had been taken away from Bellwood.  I came back past the long rear wing of the house which contained, I presumed, the kitchen and the other mysterious regions which only women and architects comprehend. A long porch ran the length of the wing, and as I passed I heard my name called.  "In here in the old laundry," Margery's voice repeated, and I retraced my steps and went up on the porch. At the very end of the wing, dismantled, piled at the sides with firewood and broken furniture, was an old laundry. Its tubs were rusty, its walls mildewed and streaked, and it exhaled the musty odor of empty houses. On the floor in the middle of the room, undeniably dirty and dishevelled, sat Margery Fleming.  "I thought you were never coming," she said petulantly. "I have been here alone for an hour."  "I'm sure I never guessed it," I apologized. "I should have been only too glad to come and sit with you."  She was fumbling with her hair, which threatened to come down any minute, and which hung, loosely knotted, over one small ear.  "I hate to look ridiculous," she said sharply, "and I detest being laughed at. I've been crying, and I haven't any handkerchief."  I proffered mine gravely, and she took it. She wiped the dusty streaks off her cheeks and pinned her hair in a funny knob on top of her head that would have made any other woman look like a caricature. But still she sat on the floor.  "Now," she said, when she had jabbed the last hair-pin into place and tucked my handkerchief into her belt, "if you have been sufficiently amused, perhaps you will help me out of here."  "Out of where?"  "Do you suppose I'm sitting here because I like it?"  "You have sprained your ankle," I said, with sudden alarm.  In reply she brushed aside her gown, and for the first time I saw what had occurred. She was sitting half over a trap-door in the floor, which had closed on her skirts and held her fast.  "The wretched thing!" she wailed. "And I have called until I am hoarse. I could shake Heppie! Then I tried to call you mentally. I fixed my mind on you and said over and over, 'Come, please come.' Didn't you feel anything at all?"  "Good old trap-door!" I said. "I know I was thinking about you, but I never suspected the reason. And then to have walked past here twenty minutes ago! Why didn't you call me then?" I was tugging at the door, but it was fast, with the skirts to hold it tight.  "I looked such a fright," she explained. "Can't you pry it up with something?"  I tried several things without success, while Margery explained her plight.  "I was sure Robert had not looked carefully in the old wine cellar," she said, "and then I remembered this trap-door opened into it. It was the only place we hadn't explored thoroughly. I put a ladder down and looked around. Ugh!"  "What did you find?" I asked, as my third broomstick lever snapped.  "Nothing--only I know now where Aunt Letitia's Edwin Booth went to. He was a cat," she explained, "and Aunt Letitia made the railroad pay for killing him."  I gave up finally and stood back.  "Couldn't you--er--get out of your garments, and--I could go out and close the door," I suggested delicately. "You see you are sitting on the trap-door, and--"  But Margery scouted the suggestion with the proper scorn, and demanded a pair of scissors. She cut herself loose with vicious snips, while I paraphrased the old nursery rhyme, "She cut her petticoats all around about." Then she gathered up her outraged garments and fled precipitately.  She was unusually dignified at dinner. Neither of us cared to eat, and the empty places--Wardrop's and Miss Letitia's--Miss Jane's had not been set--were like skeletons at the board.  It was Margery who, after our pretense of a meal, voiced the suspicion I think we both felt.  "It is a strange time for Harry to go away," she said quietly, from the library window.  "He probably has a reason."  "Why don't you say it?" she said suddenly, turning on me. "I know what you think. You believe he only pretended he was robbed!"  "I should be sorry to think anything of the kind," I began. But she did not allow me to finish.  "I saw what you thought," she burst out bitterly. "The detective almost laughed in his face. Oh, you needn't think I don't know: I saw him last night, and the woman too. He brought her right to the gate. You treat me like a child, all of you!"  In sheer amazement I was silent. So a new character had been introduced into the play--a woman, too!  "You were not the only person, Mr. Knox, who could not sleep last night," she went on. "Oh, I know a great many things. I know about the pearls, and what you think about them, and I know more than that, I--"  She stopped then. She had said more than she intended to, and all at once her bravado left her, and she looked like a frightened child. I went over to her and took one trembling hand.  "I wish you didn't know all those things," I said. "But since you do, won't you let me share the burden? The only reason I am still here is--on your account."  I had a sort of crazy desire to take her in my arms and comfort her, Wardrop or no Wardrop. But at that moment, luckily for me, perhaps, Miss Letitia's shrill old voice came from the stairway.  "Get out of my way, Heppie," she was saying tartly. "I'm not on my death-bed yet, not if I know it. Where's Knox?"  Whereupon I obediently went out and helped Miss Letitia into the room.  "I think I know where Jane is," she said, putting down her cane with a jerk. "I don't know why I didn't think about it before. She's gone to get her new teeth; she's been talkin' of it for a month. Not but what her old teeth would have done well enough."  "She would hardly go in the middle of the night," I returned. "She was a very timid woman, wasn't she?"  "She wasn't raised right," Miss Letitia said with a shake of her head. "She's the baby, and the youngest's always spoiled."  "Have you thought that this might be more than it appears to be?" I was feeling my way: she was a very old woman. "It--for instance, it might be abduction, kidnapping--for a ransom."  "Ransom!" Miss Letitia snapped. "Mr. Knox, my father made his money by working hard for it: I haven't wasted it--not that I know of. And if Jane Maitland was fool enough to be abducted, she'll stay a while before I pay anything for her. It looks to me as if this detective business was going to be expensive, anyhow."  My excuse for dwelling with such attention to detail on the preliminary story, the disappearance of Miss Jane Maitland and the peculiar circumstances surrounding it, will have to find its justification in the events that followed it. Miss Jane herself, and the solution of that mystery, solved the even more tragic one in which we were about to be involved. I say _we_, because it was borne in on me at about that time, that the things that concerned Margery Fleming must concern me henceforth, whether I willed it so or otherwise. For the first time in my life a woman's step on the stair was like no other sound in the world.      At nine o'clock that night things remained about the same. The man Hunter had sent to investigate the neighborhood and the country just outside of the town, came to the house about eight, and reported "nothing discovered." Miss Letitia went to bed early, and Margery took her up-stairs.  Hunter called me by telephone from town.  "Can you take the nine-thirty up?" he asked. I looked at my watch.  "Yes, I think so. Is there anything new?"  "Not yet; there may be. Take a cab at the station and come to the corner of Mulberry Street and Park Lane. You'd better dismiss your cab there and wait for me."  I sent word up-stairs by Bella, who was sitting in the kitchen, her heavy face sodden with grief, and taking my hat and raincoat--it was raining a light spring drizzle--I hurried to the station. In twenty-four minutes I was in the city, and perhaps twelve minutes more saw me at the designated corner, with my cab driving away and the rain dropping off the rim of my hat and splashing on my shoulders.  I found a sort of refuge by standing under the wooden arch of a gate, and it occurred to me that, for all my years in the city, this particular neighborhood was altogether strange to me. Two blocks away, in any direction, I would have been in familiar territory again.  Back of me a warehouse lifted six or seven gloomy stories to the sky. The gate I stood in was evidently the entrance to its yard, and in fact, some uncomfortable movement of mine just then struck the latch, and almost precipitated me backward by its sudden opening. Beyond was a yard full of shadowy wheels and packing cases; the street lights did not penetrate there, and with an uneasy feeling that almost anything, in this none too savory neighborhood, might be waiting there, I struck a match and looked at my watch. It was twenty minutes after ten. Once a man turned the corner and came toward me, his head down, his long ulster flapping around his legs. Confident that it was Hunter, I stepped out and touched him on the arm. He wheeled instantly, and in the light which shone on his face, I saw my error.  "Excuse me," I mumbled, "I mistook my man."  He went on again without speaking, only pulling his soft hat down lower over his face. With the light at his back, I felt certain I had been discovered, but I was wrong. He shook the newspaper which had held the fragments, out of the window, lighted a cigarette and flung the match out also, and turned back into the room. As a second thought, he went back and jerked at the cord of the window-shade, but it refused to move.  He was not alone, for from the window he turned and addressed some one in the room behind.  "You are sure you got them all?" he said.  The other occupant of the room came within range of vision. It was Davidson.  "All there were, Mr. Schwartz," he replied. "We were nearly finished before the woman made a bolt." He was fumbling in his pockets. I think I expected him to produce an apple and a penknife, but he held out a small object on the palm of his hand.  "I would rather have done it alone, Mr. Schwartz," he said. "I found this ring in Brigg's pocket this morning. It belongs to the girl."  Schwartz swore, and picking up the ring, held it to the light. Then he made an angry motion to throw it out of the window, but his German cupidity got the better of him. He slid it into his vest pocket instead.  "You're damned poor stuff, Davidson," he said, with a snarl. "If she hasn't got them, then Wardrop has. You'll bungle this job and there'll be hell to pay. Tell McFeely I want to see him."  Davidson left, for I heard the door close. Schwartz took the ring out and held it to the light. I looked at my watch. The time was almost up.  A fresh burst of noise came from below. I leaned out cautiously and looked down at the lower windows; they were still closed and shuttered. When I raised my eyes again to the level of the room across, I was amazed to see a second figure in the room--a woman, at that.  Schwartz had not seen her. He stood with his back to her, looking at the ring in his hand. The woman had thrown her veil back, but I could see nothing of her face as she stood. She looked small beside Schwartz's towering height, and she wore black.  She must have said something just then, very quietly, for Schwartz suddenly lifted his head and wheeled on her. I had a clear view of him, and if ever guilt, rage, and white-lipped fear showed on a man's face, it showed on his. He replied--a half-dozen words, in a low tone, and made a motion to offer her a chair. But she paid no attention.  I have no idea how long a time they talked. The fresh outburst of noise below made it impossible to hear what they said, and there was always the maddening fact that I could not see her face. I thought of Mrs. Fleming, but this woman seemed younger and more slender. Schwartz was arguing, I imagined, but she stood immobile, scornful, watching him. She seemed to have made a request, and the man's evasions moved her no whit.  It may have been only two or three minutes, but it seemed longer. Schwartz had given up the argument, whatever it was, and by pointing out the window, I supposed he was telling her he had thrown what she wanted out there. Even then she did not turn toward me; I could not see even her profile.  What happened next was so unexpected that it remains little more than a picture in my mind. The man threw out his hands as if to show he could not or would not accede to her request; he was flushed with rage, and even at that distance the ugly scar on his forehead stood out like a welt. The next moment I saw the woman raise her right hand, with something in it.  I yelled to Schwartz to warn him, but he had already seen the revolver. As he struck her hand aside, the explosion came; I saw her stagger, clutch at a chair, and fall backward beyond my range of vision.  Then the light went out, and I was staring at a black, brick wall.  I turned and ran frantically toward the stairs. Luckily, I found them easily. I fell rather than ran down to the floor below. Then I made a wrong turning and lost some time. My last match set me right and I got into the yard somehow, and to the street.  It was raining harder than ever, and the thunder was incessant. I ran around the corner of the street, and found the gate to the White Cat without trouble. The inner gate was unlocked, as Burton had said he would leave it, and from the steps of the club I could hear laughter and the refrain of a popular song. The door opened just as I reached the top step, and I half-tumbled inside.  Burton was there in the kitchen, with two other men whom I did not recognize, each one holding a stein of beer. Burton had two, and he held one out to me as I stood trying to get my breath.  "You win," he said. "Although I'm a hard-working journalist and need the money, I won't lie. This is Osborne of the _Star_ and McTighe of the _Eagle_, Mr. Knox. They heard the shot in there, and if I hadn't told the story, there would have been a panic. What's the matter with you?"  I shut the door into the grill-room and faced the three men.  "For God's sake, Burton," I panted, "let's get up-stairs quietly. I didn't fire any shot. There's a woman dead up there."  With characteristic poise, the three reporters took the situation quietly. We filed through the grill-room as casually as we could; with the door closed, however, we threw caution aside. I led the way up the stairs to the room where I had found Fleming's body, and where I expected to find another.  On the landing at the top of the stairs I came face to face with Davidson, the detective, and behind him Judge McFeely. Davidson was trying to open the door of the room where Fleming had been shot, with a skeleton key. But it was bolted inside. There was only one thing to do: I climbed on the shoulders of one of the men, a tall fellow, whose face to this day I don't remember, and by careful maneuvering and the assistance of Davidson's long arms, I got through the transom and dropped into the room.  I hardly know what I expected. I was in total darkness. I know that when I had got the door open at last, when the cheerful light from the hall streamed in, and I had not felt Schwartz's heavy hand at my throat, I drew a long breath of relief. Burton found the electric light switch and turned it on. And then--I could hardly believe my senses. The room was empty.  One of the men laughed a little.  "Stung!" he said lightly. "What sort of a story have you and your friend framed up, Burton?"  But I stopped at that minute and picked up a small nickel-plated revolver from the floor. I held it out, on my palm, and the others eyed it respectfully.  Burton, after all, was the quickest-witted of the lot. He threw open one of the two doors in the room, revealing a shallow closet, with papered walls and a row of hooks. The other door stuck tight. One of the men pointed to the floor; a bit of black cloth had wedged it, from the other side. Our combined efforts got it open at last, and we crowded in the doorway, looking down a flight of stairs.  Huddled just below us, her head at our feet, was the body of the missing woman.  "My God," Burton said hoarsely, "who is it?"      We got her into the room and on the couch before I knew her. Her fair hair had fallen loose over her face, and one long, thin hand clutched still at the bosom of her gown. It was Ellen Butler!  She was living, but not much more. We gathered around and stood looking down at her in helpless pity. A current of cold night air came up the staircase from an open door below, and set the hanging light to swaying, throwing our shadows in a sort of ghastly dance over her quiet face.  I was too much shocked to be surprised. Burton had picked up her hat, and put it beside her.  "She's got about an hour, I should say," said one of the newspaper men. "See if Gray is around, will you, Jim? He's mostly here Saturday night."  "Is it--Miss Maitland?" Burton asked, in a strangely subdued voice.  "No; it is Henry Butler's widow," I returned, and the three men were reporters again, at once.  Gray was there and came immediately. Whatever surprise he may have felt at seeing a woman there, and dying, he made no comment. He said she might live six hours, but the end was certain. We got a hospital ambulance, and with the clang of its bell as it turned the corner and hurried away, the White Cat drops out of this story, so far as action is concerned.  Three detectives and as many reporters hunted Schwartz all of that night and the next day, to get his story. But he remained in hiding. He had a start of over an hour, from the time he switched off the light and escaped down the built-in staircase. Even in her agony, Ellen Butler's hate had carried her through the doorway after him, to collapse on the stairs.  I got home just as the cab, with Fred and Edith, stopped at the door. I did not let them get out; a half dozen words, without comment or explanation, and they were driving madly to the hospital.  Katie let me in, and I gave her some money to stay up and watch the place while we were away. Then, not finding a cab, I took a car and rode to the hospital.  The building was appallingly quiet. The elevator cage, without a light, crept spectrally up and down; my footsteps on the tiled floor echoed and rechoed above my head. A night watchman, in felt shoes, admitted me, and took me up-stairs.  There was another long wait while the surgeon finished his examination, and a nurse with a basin of water and some towels came out of the room, and another one with dressings went in. And then the surgeon came out, in a white coat with the sleeves rolled above his elbows, and said I might go in.  The cover was drawn up to the injured woman's chin, where it was folded neatly back. Her face was bloodless, and her fair hair had been gathered up in a shaggy knot. She was breathing slowly, but regularly, and her expression was relaxed--more restful than I had ever seen it. As I stood at the foot of the bed and looked down at her, I knew that as surely as death was coming, it would be welcome.  Edith had been calm, before, but when she saw me she lost her self-control. She put her head on my shoulder, and sobbed out the shock and the horror of the thing. As for Fred, his imaginative temperament made him particularly sensitive to suffering in others. As he sat there beside the bed I knew by his face that he was repeating and repenting every unkind word he had said about Ellen Butler.  She was conscious; we realized that after a time. Once she asked for water, without opening her eyes, and Fred slipped a bit of ice between her white lips. Later in the night she looked up for an instant, at me.  "He--struck my--hand," she said with difficulty, and closed her eyes again.  During the long night hours I told the story, as I knew it, in an undertone, and there was a new kindliness in Fred's face as he looked at her.  She was still living by morning, and was rallying a little from the shock. I got Fred to take Edith home, and I took her place by the bed. Some one brought me coffee about eight, and at nine o'clock I was asked to leave the room, while four surgeons held a consultation there. The decision to operate was made shortly after.  "There is only a chance," a gray-haired surgeon told me in brisk, short-clipped words. "The bullet went down, and has penetrated the abdomen. Sometimes, taken early enough, we can repair the damage, to a certain extent, and nature does the rest. The family is willing, I suppose?"  I knew of no family but Edith, and over the telephone she said, with something of her natural tone, to do what the surgeons considered best.  I hoped to get some sort of statement before the injured woman was taken to the operating-room, but she lay in a stupor, and I had to give up the idea. It was two days before I got her deposition, and in that time I had learned many things.  On Monday I took Margery to Bellwood. She had received the news about Mrs. Butler more calmly than I had expected.  "I do not think she was quite sane, poor woman," she said with a shudder. "She had had a great deal of trouble. But how strange--a murder and an attempt at murder--at that little club in a week!"  She did not connect the two, and I let the thing rest at that. Once, on the train, she turned to me suddenly, after she had been plunged in thought for several minutes.  "Don't you think," she asked, "that she had a sort of homicidal mania, and that she tried to kill me with chloroform?"  "I hardly think so," I returned evasively. "I am inclined to think some one actually got in over the porch roof."  "I am afraid," she said, pressing her gloved hands tight together. "Wherever I go, something happens that I can not understand. I never wilfully hurt any one, and yet--these terrible things follow me. I am afraid--to go back to Bellwood, with Aunt Jane still gone, and you--in the city."  "A lot of help I have been to you," I retorted bitterly. "Can you think of a single instance where I have been able to save you trouble or anxiety? Why, I allowed you to be chloroformed within an inch of eternity, before I found you."  "But you did find me," she cheered me. "And just to know that you are doing all you can--"  "My poor best," I supplemented.  "It is very comforting to have a friend one can rely on," she finished, and the little bit of kindness went to my head. If she had not got a cinder in her eye at that psychological moment, I'm afraid I would figuratively have trampled Wardrop underfoot, right there. As it was, I got the cinder, after a great deal of looking into one beautiful eye--which is not as satisfactory by half as looking into two--and then we were at Bellwood.  We found Miss Letitia in the lower hall, and Heppie on her knees with a hatchet. Between them sat a packing box, and they were having a spirited discussion as to how it should be opened.  "Here, give it to me," Miss Letitia demanded, as we stopped in the doorway. "You've got stove lengths there for two days if you don't chop 'em up into splinters."  With the hatchet poised in mid air she saw us, but she let it descend with considerable accuracy nevertheless, and our greeting was made between thumps.  "Come in"--thump--"like as not it's a mistake"--bang--"but the expressage was prepaid. If it's mineral water--" crash. Something broke inside.  "If it's mineral water," I said, "you'd better let me open it. Mineral water is meant for internal use, and not for hall carpets." I got the hatchet from her gradually. "I knew a case once where a bottle of hair tonic was spilled on a rag carpet, and in a year they had it dyed with spots over it and called it a tiger skin."  She watched me suspiciously while I straightened the nails she had bent, and lifted the boards. In the matter of curiosity, Miss Letitia was truly feminine; great handfuls of excelsior she dragged out herself, and heaped on Heppie's blue apron, stretched out on the floor.  The article that had smashed under the vigor of Miss Letitia's seventy years lay on the top. It had been a tea-pot, of some very beautiful ware. I have called just now from my study, to ask what sort of ware it was, and the lady who sets me right says it was Crown Derby. Then there were rows of cups and saucers, and heterogeneous articles in the same material that the women folk seemed to understand. At the last, when the excitement seemed over, they found a toast rack in a lower corner of the box and the "Ohs" and "Ahs" had to be done all over again.  Not until Miss Letitia had arranged it all on the dining-room table, and Margery had taken off her wraps and admired from all four corners, did Miss Letitia begin to ask where they had come from. And by that time Heppie had the crate in the wood-box, and the excelsior was a black and smoking mass at the kitchen end of the grounds.  There was not the slightest clue to the sender, but while Miss Letitia rated Heppie loudly in the kitchen, and Bella swept up the hall, Margery voiced the same idea that had occurred to me.  "If--if Aunt Jane were--all right," she said tremulously, "it would be just the sort of thing she loves to do."  I had intended to go back to the city at once, but Miss Letitia's box had put her in an almost cheerful humor, and she insisted that I go with her to Miss Jane's room, and see how it was prepared for its owner's return.  "I'm not pretending to know what took Jane Maitland away from this house in the middle of the night," she said. "She was a good bit of a fool, Jane was; she never grew up. But if I know Jane Maitland, she will come back and be buried with her people, if it's only to put Mary's husband out of the end of the lot.  "And another thing, Knox," she went on, and I saw her old hands were shaking. "I told you the last time you were here that I hadn't been robbed of any of the pearls, after all. Half of those pearls were Jane's and--she had a perfect right to take forty-nine of them if she wanted. She--she told me she was going to take some, and it--slipped my mind."  I believe it was the first lie she had ever told in her hard, conscientious old life. Was she right? I wondered. Had Miss Jane taken the pearls, and if she had, why?  Wardrop had been taking a long walk; he got back about five, and as Miss Letitia was in the middle of a diatribe against white undergarments for colored children, Margery and he had a half-hour alone together. I had known, of course, that it must come, but under the circumstances, with my whole future existence at stake, I was vague as to whether it was colored undergarments on white orphans or the other way round.  When I got away at last, I found Bella waiting for me in the hall. Her eyes were red with crying, and she had a crumpled newspaper in her hand. She broke down when she tried to speak, but I got the newspaper from her, and she pointed with one work-hardened finger to a column on the first page. It was the announcement of Mrs. Butler's tragic accident, and the mystery that surrounded it. There was no mention of Schwartz.  "Is she--dead?" Bella choked out at last.  "Not yet, but there is very little hope."  Amid fresh tears and shakings of her heavy shoulders, as she sat in her favorite place, on the stairs, Bella told me, briefly, that she had lived with Mrs. Butler since she was sixteen, and had only left when the husband's suicide had broken up the home. I could get nothing else out of her, but gradually Bella's share in the mystery was coming to light. I cut half a loaf into slices for him, and he drank the rest of the tea. Mr. Reynolds creaked up to bed and left him still eating, and me still cutting and spreading. Now that I had a chance to see him, I was shocked. The rims of his eyes were red, his collar was black, and his hair hung over his forehead. But when he finally sat back and looked at me, his color was better.  "So they've canned him!" he said.  "Time enough, too," said I.  He leaned forward and put both his elbows on the table. "Mrs. Pitman," he said earnestly, "I don't like him any more than you do. But he never killed that woman."  "Somebody killed her."  "How do you know? How do you know she is dead?"  Well, I didn't, of course--I only felt it.  "The police haven't even proved a crime. They can't hold a man for a supposititious murder."  "Perhaps they can't but they're doing it," I retorted. "If the woman's alive, she won't let him hang."  "I'm not so sure of that," he said heavily, and got up. He looked in the little mirror over the sideboard, and brushed back his hair. "I look bad enough," he said, "but I feel worse. Well, you've saved my life, Mrs. Pitman. Thank you."  "How is my--how is Miss Harvey?" I asked, as we started out. He turned and smiled at me in his boyish way.  "The best ever!" he said. "I haven't seen her for days, and it seems like centuries. She--she is the only girl in the world for me, Mrs. Pitman, although I--" He stopped and drew a long breath. "She is beautiful, isn't she?"  "Very beautiful," I answered. "Her mother was always--"  "Her mother!" He looked at me curiously.  "I knew her mother years ago," I said, putting the best face on my mistake that I could.  "Then I'll remember you to her, if she ever allows me to see her again. Just now I'm _persona non grata_."  "If you'll do the kindly thing, Mr. Howell," I said, "you'll _forget_ me to her."  He looked into my eyes and then thrust out his hand.  "All right," he said. "I'll not ask any questions. I guess there are some curious stories hidden in these old houses."  Peter hobbled to the front door with him. He had not gone so far as the parlor once while Mr. Ladley was in the house.         *       *       *       *       *  They had had a sale of spring flowers at the store that day, and Mr. Reynolds had brought me a pot of white tulips. That night I hung my mother's picture over the mantel in the dining-room, and put the tulips beneath it. It gave me a feeling of comfort; I had never seen my mother's grave, or put flowers on it.      I have said before that I do not know anything about the law. I believe that the Ladley case was unusual, in several ways. Mr. Ladley had once been well known in New York among the people who frequent the theaters, and Jennie Brice was even better known. A good many lawyers, I believe, said that the police had not a leg to stand on, and I know the case was watched with much interest by the legal profession. People wrote letters to the newspapers, protesting against Mr. Ladley being held. And I believe that the district attorney, in taking him before the grand jury, hardly hoped to make a case.  But he did, to his own surprise, I fancy, and the trial was set for May. But in the meantime, many curious things happened.  In the first place, the week following Mr. Ladley's arrest my house was filled up with eight or ten members of a company from the Gaiety Theater, very cheerful and jolly, and well behaved. Three men, I think, and the rest girls. One of the men was named Bellows, John Bellows, and it turned out that he had known Jennie Brice very well.  From the moment he learned that, Mr. Holcombe hardly left him. He walked to the theater with him and waited to walk home again. He took him out to restaurants and for long street-car rides in the mornings, and on the last night of their stay, Saturday, they got gloriously drunk together--Mr. Holcombe, no doubt, in his character of Ladley--and came reeling in at three in the morning, singing. Mr. Holcombe was very sick the next day, but by Monday he was all right, and he called me into the room.  "We've got him, Mrs. Pitman," he said, looking mottled but cheerful. "As sure as God made little fishes, we've got him." That was all he would say, however. It seemed he was going to New York, and might be gone for a month. "I've no family," he said, "and enough money to keep me. If I find my relaxation in hunting down criminals, it's a harmless and cheap amusement, and--it's my own business."  He went away that night, and I must admit I missed him. I rented the parlor bedroom the next day to a school-teacher, and I found the periscope affair very handy. I could see just how much gas she used; and although the notice on each door forbids cooking and washing in rooms, I found she was doing both: making coffee and boiling an egg in the morning, and rubbing out stockings and handkerchiefs in her wash-bowl. I'd much rather have men as boarders than women. The women are always lighting alcohol lamps on the bureau, and wanting the bed turned into a cozy corner so they can see their gentlemen friends in their rooms.  Well, with Mr. Holcombe gone, and Mr. Reynolds busy all day and half the night getting out the summer silks and preparing for remnant day, and with Mr. Ladley in jail and Lida out of the city--for I saw in the papers that she was not well, and her mother had taken her to Bermuda--I had a good bit of time on my hands. And so I got in the habit of thinking things over, and trying to draw conclusions, as I had seen Mr. Holcombe do. I would sit down and write things out as they had happened, and study them over, and especially I worried over how we could have found a slip of paper in Mr. Ladley's room with a list, almost exact, of the things we had discovered there. I used to read it over, "rope, knife, shoe, towel, Horn--" and get more and more bewildered. "Horn"--might have been a town, or it might not have been. There _was_ such a town, according to Mr. Graves, but apparently he had made nothing of it. _Was_ it a town that was meant?  The dictionary gave only a few words beginning with "horn"--hornet, hornblende, hornpipe, and horny--none of which was of any assistance. And then one morning I happened to see in the personal column of one of the newspapers that a woman named Eliza Shaeffer, of Horner, had day-old Buff Orpington and Plymouth Rock chicks for sale, and it started me to puzzling again. Perhaps it had been Horner, and possibly this very Eliza Shaeffer--  I suppose my lack of experience was in my favor, for, after all, Eliza Shaeffer is a common enough name, and the "Horn" might have stood for "hornswoggle," for all I knew. The story of the man who thought of what he would do if he were a horse, came back to me, and for an hour or so I tried to think I was Jennie Brice, trying to get away and hide from my rascal of a husband. But I made no headway. I would never have gone to Horner, or to any small town, if I had wanted to hide. I think I should have gone around the corner and taken a room in my own neighborhood, or have lost myself in some large city.  It was that same day that, since I did not go to Horner, Horner came to me. The bell rang about three o'clock, and I answered it myself. For, with times hard and only two or three roomers all winter, I had not had a servant, except Terry to do odd jobs, for some months.  There stood a fresh-faced young girl, with a covered basket in her hand.  "Are you Mrs. Pitman?" she asked.  "I don't need anything to-day," I said, trying to shut the door. And at that minute something in the basket cheeped. Young women selling poultry are not common in our neighborhood. "What have you there?" I asked more agreeably.  "Chicks, day-old chicks, but I'm not trying to sell you any. I--may I come in?"  It was dawning on me then that perhaps this was Eliza Shaeffer. I led her back to the dining-room, with Peter sniffing at the basket.  "My name is Shaeffer," she said. "I've seen your name in the papers, and I believe I know something about Jennie Brice."  Eliza Shaeffer's story was curious. She said that she was postmistress at Horner, and lived with her mother on a farm a mile out of the town, driving in and out each day in a buggy.  On Monday afternoon, March the fifth, a woman had alighted at the station from a train, and had taken luncheon at the hotel. She told the clerk she was on the road, selling corsets, and was much disappointed to find no store of any size in the town. The woman, who had registered as Mrs. Jane Bellows, said she was tired and would like to rest for a day or two on a farm. She was told to see Eliza Shaeffer at the post-office, and, as a result, drove out with her to the farm after the last mail came in that evening.  Asked to describe her--she was over medium height, light-haired, quick in her movements, and wore a black and white striped dress with a red collar, and a hat to match. She carried a small brown valise that Miss Shaeffer presumed contained her samples.  Mrs. Shaeffer had made her welcome, although they did not usually take boarders until June. She had not eaten much supper, and that night she had asked for pen and ink, and had written a letter. The letter was not mailed until Wednesday. All of Tuesday Mrs. Bellows had spent in her room, and Mrs. Shaeffer had driven to the village in the afternoon with word that she had been crying all day, and bought some headache medicine for her.  On Wednesday morning, however, she had appeared at breakfast, eaten heartily, and had asked Miss Shaeffer to take her letter to the post-office. It was addressed to Mr. Ellis Howell, in care of a Pittsburgh newspaper!  That night when Miss Eliza went home, about half past eight, the woman was gone. She had paid for her room and had been driven as far as Thornville, where all trace of her had been lost. On account of the disappearance of Jennie Brice being published shortly after that, she and her mother had driven to Thornville, but the station agent there was surly as well as stupid. They had learned nothing about the woman.  Since that time, three men had made inquiries about the woman in question. One had a pointed Vandyke beard; the second, from the description, I fancied must have been Mr. Graves. The third without doubt was Mr. Howell. Eliza Shaeffer said that this last man had seemed half frantic. I brought her a photograph of Jennie Brice as "Topsy" and another one as "Juliet". She said there was a resemblance, but that it ended there. But of course, as Mr. Graves had said, by the time an actress gets her photograph retouched to suit her, it doesn't particularly resemble her. And unless I had known Jennie Brice myself, I should hardly have recognized the pictures.  Well, in spite of all that, there seemed no doubt that Jennie Brice had been living three days after her disappearance, and that would clear Mr. Ladley. But what had Mr. Howell to do with it all? Why had he not told the police of the letter from Horner? Or about the woman on the bridge? Why had Mr. Bronson, who was likely the man with the pointed beard, said nothing about having traced Jennie Brice to Horner?  I did as I thought Mr. Holcombe would have wished me to do. I wrote down on a clean sheet of note-paper all that Eliza Shaeffer said: the description of the black and white dress, the woman's height, and the rest, and then I took her to the court-house, chicks and all, and she told her story there to one of the assistant district attorneys.  The young man was interested, but not convinced. He had her story taken down, and she signed it. He was smiling as he bowed us out. I turned in the doorway.  "This will free Mr. Ladley, I suppose?" I asked.  "Not just yet," he said pleasantly. "This makes just eleven places where Jennie Brice spent the first three days after her death."  "But I can positively identify the dress."  "My good woman, that dress has been described, to the last stilted arch and Colonial volute, in every newspaper in the United States!"  That evening the newspapers announced that during a conference at the jail between Mr. Ladley and James Bronson, business manager at the Liberty Theater, Mr. Ladley had attacked Mr. Bronson with a chair, and almost brained him.      Eliza Shaeffer went back to Horner, after delivering her chicks somewhere in the city. Things went on as before. The trial was set for May. The district attorney's office had all the things we had found in the house that Monday afternoon--the stained towel, the broken knife and its blade, the slipper that had been floating in the parlor, and the rope that had fastened my boat to the staircase. Somewhere--wherever they keep such things--was the headless body of a woman with a hand missing, and with a curious scar across the left breast. The slip of paper, however, which I had found behind the base-board, was still in Mr. Holcombe's possession, nor had he mentioned it to the police.  Mr. Holcombe had not come back. He wrote me twice asking me to hold his room, once from New York and once from Chicago. To the second letter he added a postscript:      "Have not found what I wanted, but am getting warm. If any news,     address me at Des Moines, Iowa, General Delivery.    H."  It was nearly the end of April when I saw Lida again. I had seen by the newspapers that she and her mother were coming home. I wondered if she had heard from Mr. Howell, for I had not, and I wondered, too, if she would send for me again.  But she came herself, on foot, late one afternoon, and the school-teacher being out, I took her into the parlor bedroom. She looked thinner than before, and rather white. My heart ached for her.  "I have been away," she explained. "I thought you might wonder why you did not hear from me. But, you see, my mother--" she stopped and flushed. "I would have written you from Bermuda, but--my mother watched my correspondence, so I could not."  No. I knew she could not. Alma had once found a letter of mine to Mr. Pitman. Very little escaped Alma.  "I wondered if you have heard anything?" she asked.  "I have heard nothing. Mr. Howell was here once, just after I saw you. I do not believe he is in the city.  "Perhaps not, although--Mrs. Pitman, I believe he is in the city, hiding!"  "Hiding! Why?"  "I don't know. But last night I thought I saw him below my window. I opened the window, so if it were he, he could make some sign. But he moved on without a word. Later, whoever it was came back. I put out my light and watched. Some one stood there, in the shadow, until after two this morning. Part of the time he was looking up."  "Don't you think, had it been he, he would have spoken when he saw you?"  She shook her head. "He is in trouble," she said. "He has not heard from me, and he--thinks I don't care any more. Just look at me, Mrs. Pitman! Do I look as if I don't care?"  She looked half killed, poor lamb.  "He may be out of town, searching for a better position," I tried to comfort her. "He wants to have something to offer more than himself."  "I only want him," she said, looking at me frankly. "I don't know why I tell you all this, but you are so kind, and I _must_ talk to some one."  She sat there, in the cozy corner the school-teacher had made with a portire and some cushions, and I saw she was about ready to break down and cry. I went over to her and took her hand, for she was my own niece, although she didn't suspect it, and I had never had a child of my own.  But after all, I could not help her much. I could only assure her that he would come back and explain everything, and that he was all right, and that the last time I had seen him he had spoken of her, and had said she was "the best ever." My heart fairly yearned over the girl, and I think she felt it. For she kissed me, shyly, when she was leaving.  With the newspaper files before me, it is not hard to give the details of that sensational trial. It commenced on Monday, the seventh of May, but it was late Wednesday when the jury was finally selected. I was at the court-house early on Thursday, and so was Mr. Reynolds.  The district attorney made a short speech. "We propose, gentlemen, to prove that the prisoner, Philip Ladley, murdered his wife," he said in part. "We will show first that a crime was committed; then we will show a motive for this crime, and, finally, we expect to show that the body washed ashore at Sewickley is the body of the murdered woman, and thus establish beyond doubt the prisoner's guilt."  Mr. Ladley listened with attention. He wore the brown suit, and looked well and cheerful. He was much more like a spectator than a prisoner, and he was not so nervous as I was.  Of that first day I do not recall much. I was called early in the day. The district attorney questioned me.  "Your name?"  "Elizabeth Marie Pitman."  "Your occupation?"  "I keep a boarding-house at 42 Union Street."  "You know the prisoner?"  "Yes. He was a boarder in my house."  "For how long?"  "From December first. He and his wife came at that time."  "Was his wife the actress, Jennie Brice?"  "Yes, sir."  "Were they living together at your house the night of March fourth?"  "Yes, sir."  "In what part of the house?"  "They rented the double parlors down-stairs, but on account of the flood I moved them up-stairs to the second floor front."  "That was on Sunday? You moved them on Sunday?"  "Yes, sir."  "At what time did you retire that night?"  "Not at all. The water was very high. I lay down, dressed, at one o'clock, and dropped into a doze."  "How long did you sleep?"  "An hour or so. Mr. Reynolds, a boarder, roused me to say he had heard some one rowing a boat in the lower hall."  "Do you keep a boat around during flood times?"  "Yes, sir."  "What did you do when Mr. Reynolds roused you?"  "I went to the top of the stairs. My boat was gone."  "Was the boat secured?"  "Yes, sir. Anyhow, there was no current in the hall."  "What did you do then?"  "I waited a time and went back to my room."  "What examination of the house did you make--if any?"  "Mr. Reynolds looked around."  "What did he find?"  "He found Peter, the Ladleys' dog, shut in a room on the third floor."  "Was there anything unusual about that?"  "I had never known it to happen before."  "State what happened later."  "I did not go to sleep again. At a quarter after four, I heard the boat come back. I took a candle and went to the stairs. It was Mr. Ladley. He said he had been out getting medicine for his wife."  "Did you see him tie up the boat?"  "Yes."  "Did you observe any stains on the rope?"  "I did not notice any." He fled to the White Cat, and for a week Ellen Butler hunted him vainly. She had decided to kill him, and on the night Margery Fleming had found the paper on the pillow, she had been in the house. She was not the only intruder in the house that night. Some one--presumably Fleming himself--had been there before her. She found a ladies' desk broken open and a small drawer empty. Evidently Fleming, unable to draw a check while in hiding, had needed ready money. As to the jewels that had been disturbed in Margery's boudoir I could only surmise the impulse that, after prompting him to take them, had failed at the sight of his dead wife's jewels. Surprised by the girl's appearance, she had crept to the upper floor and concealed herself in an empty bedroom. It had been almost dawn before she got out. No doubt this was the room belonging to the butler, Carter, which Margery had reported as locked that night.  She took a key from the door of a side entrance, and locked the door behind her when she left. Within a couple of nights she had learned that Wardrop was coming home from Plattsburg, and she met him at Bellwood. We already knew the nature of that meeting. She drove back to town, half maddened by her failure to secure the letters that would have cleared her husband's memory, but the wiser by one thing: Wardrop had inadvertently told her where Fleming was hiding.  The next night she went to the White Cat and tried to get in. She knew from her husband of the secret staircase, for many a political meeting of the deepest significance had been possible by its use. But the door was locked, and she had no key.  Above her the warehouse raised its empty height, and it was not long before she decided to see what she could learn from its upper windows. She went in at the gate and felt her way, through the rain, to the windows. At that moment the gate opened suddenly, and a man muttered something in the darkness. The shock was terrible.  I had no idea, that night, of what my innocent stumbling into the warehouse yard had meant to a half-crazed woman just beyond my range of vision. After a little she got her courage again, and she pried up an unlocked window.  The rest of her progress must have been much as ours had been, a few nights later. She found a window that commanded the club, and with three possibilities that she would lose, and would see the wrong room, she won the fourth. The room lay directly before her, distinct in every outline, with Fleming seated at the table, facing her and sorting some papers.  She rested her revolver on the sill and took absolutely deliberate aim. Her hands were cold, and she even rubbed them together, to make them steady. Then she fired, and a crash of thunder at the very instant covered the sound.  Fleming sat for a moment before he swayed forward. On that instant she realized that there was some one else in the room--a man who took an uncertain step or two forward into view, threw up his hands and disappeared as silently as he had come. It was Schwartz. Then she saw the door into the hall open, saw Wardrop come slowly in and close it, watched his sickening realization of what had occurred; then a sudden panic seized her. Arms seemed to stretch out from the darkness behind her, to draw her into it. She tried to get away, to run, even to scream--then she fainted. It was gray dawn when she recovered her senses and got back to the hotel room she had taken under an assumed name.  By night she was quieter. She read the news of Fleming's death in the papers, and she gloated over it. But there was more to be done; she was only beginning. She meant to ruin Schwartz, to kill his credit, to fell him with the club of public disfavor. Wardrop had told her that her husband's letters were with other papers at the Monmouth Avenue house, where he could not get them.  Fleming's body was taken home that day, Saturday, but she had gone too far to stop. She wanted the papers before Lightfoot could get at them and destroy the incriminating ones. That night she got into the Fleming house, using the key she had taken. She ransacked the library, finding, not the letters that Wardrop had said were there, but others, equally or more incriminating, canceled notes, private accounts, that would have ruined Schwartz for ever.  It was then that I saw the light and went down-stairs. My unlucky stumble gave her warning enough to turn out the light. For the rest, the chase through the back hall, the dining-room and the pantry, had culminated in her escape up the back stairs, while I had fallen down the dumb-waiter shaft. She had run into Bella on the upper floor, Bella, who had almost fainted, and who knew her and kept her until morning, petting her and soothing her, and finally getting her into a troubled sleep.  That day she realized that she was being followed. When Edith's invitation came she accepted it at once, for the sake of losing herself and her papers, until she was ready to use them. It had disconcerted her to find Margery there, but she managed to get along. For several days everything had gone well: she was getting stronger again, ready for the second act of the play, prepared to blackmail Schwartz, and then expose him. She would have killed him later, probably; she wanted her measure full and running over, and so she would disgrace him first.  Then--Schwartz must have learned of the loss of the papers from the Fleming house, and guessed the rest. She felt sure he had known from the first who had killed Fleming. However that might be, he had had her room entered, Margery chloroformed in the connecting room, and her papers were taken from under her pillow while she was pretending anesthesia. She had followed the two men through the house and out the kitchen door, where she had fainted on the grass.  The next night, when she had retired early, leaving Margery and me down-stairs, it had been an excuse to slip out of the house. How she found that Schwartz was at the White Cat, how she got through the side entrance, we never knew. He had burned the papers before she got there, and when she tried to kill him, he had struck her hand aside.  When we were out in the cheerful light of day again, Burton turned his shrewd, blue eyes on me.  "Awful story, isn't it?" he said. "Those are primitive emotions, if you like. Do you know, Knox, there is only one explanation we haven't worked on for the rest of this mystery--I believe in my soul you carried off the old lady and the Russia leather bag yourself!"      At noon that day I telephoned to Margery.  "Come up," I said, "and bring the keys to the Monmouth Avenue house. I have some things to tell you, and--some things to ask you."  I met her at the station with Lady Gray and the trap. My plans for that afternoon were comprehensive; they included what I hoped to be the solution of the Aunt Jane mystery; also, they included a little drive through the park, and a--well, I shall tell about that, all I am going to tell, at the proper time.  To play propriety, Edith met us at the house. It was still closed, and even in the short time that had elapsed it smelled close and musty.  At the door into the drawing-room I stopped them.  "Now, this is going to be a sort of game," I explained. "It's a sort of button, button, who's got the button, without the button. We are looking for a drawer, receptacle or closet, which shall contain, bunched together, and without regard to whether they should be there or not, a small revolver, two military brushes and a clothes brush, two or three soft bosomed shirts, perhaps a half-dozen collars, and a suit of underwear. Also a small flat package about eight inches long and three wide."  "What in the world are you talking about?" Edith asked.  "I am not talking, I am theorizing," I explained. "I have a theory, and according to it the things should be here. If they are not, it is my misfortune, not my fault."  I think Margery caught my idea at once, and as Edith was ready for anything, we commenced the search. Edith took the top floor, being accustomed, she said, to finding unexpected things in the servants' quarters; Margery took the lower floor, and for certain reasons I took the second.  For ten minutes there was no result. At the end of that time I had finished two rooms, and commenced on the blue boudoir. And here, on the top shelf of a three-cornered Empire cupboard, with glass doors and spindle legs, I found what I was looking for. Every article was there. I stuffed a small package into my pocket, and called the two girls.  "The lost is found," I stated calmly, when we were all together in the library.  "When did you lose anything?" Edith demanded. "Do you mean to say, Jack Knox, that you brought us here to help you find a suit of gaudy pajamas and a pair of military brushes?"  "I brought you here to find Aunt Jane," I said soberly, taking a letter and the flat package out of my pocket. "You see, my theory worked out. _Here_ is Aunt Jane, and _there_ is the money from the Russia leather bag."  I laid the packet in Margery's lap, and without ceremony opened the letter. It began:       "MY DEAREST NIECE:       "I am writing to you, because I can not think what to say to      Sister Letitia. I am running away! I--am--running--away! My      dear, it scares me even to write it, all alone in this empty      house. I have had a cup of tea out of one of your lovely cups,      and a nap on your pretty couch, and just as soon as it is dark      I am going to take the train for Boston. When you get this, I      will be on the ocean, the ocean, my dear, that I have read      about, and dreamed about, and never seen.       "I am going to realize a dream of forty years--more than twice      as long as you have lived. Your dear mother saw the continent      before she died, but the things I have wanted have always been      denied me. I have been of those that have eyes to see and see      not. So--I have run away. I am going to London and Paris, and      even to Italy, if the money your father gave me for the pearls      will hold out. For a year now I have been getting steamship      circulars, and I have taken a little French through a      correspondence school. That was why I always made you sing      French songs, dearie: I wanted to learn the accent. I think I      should do very well if I could only sing my French instead of      speaking it.       "I am afraid that Sister Letitia discovered that I had taken      some of the pearls. But--half of them were mine, from our      mother, and although I had wanted a pearl ring all my life, I      have never had one. I am going to buy me a hat, instead of a      bonnet, and clothes, and pretty things underneath, and a      switch; Margery, I have wanted a switch for thirty years.       "I suppose Letitia will never want me back. Perhaps I shall not      want to come. I tried to write to her when I was leaving, but I      had cut my hand in the attic, where I had hidden away my      clothes, and it bled on the paper. I have been worried since      for fear your Aunt Letitia would find the paper in the basket,      and be alarmed at the stains. I wanted to leave things in      order--please tell Letitia--but I was so nervous, and in such      a hurry. I walked three miles to Wynton and took a street-car.      I just made up my mind I was going to do it. I am sixty-five,      and it is time I have a chance to do the things I like.       "I came in on the car, and came directly here. I got in with      the second key on your key-ring. Did you miss it? And I did the      strangest thing at Bellwood. I got down the stairs very quietly      and out on to the porch. I set down my empty traveling bag--I      was going to buy everything new in the city--to close the door      behind me. Then I was sure I heard some one at the side of the      house, and I picked it up and ran down the path in the dark.       "You can imagine my surprise when I opened the bag this morning      to find I had picked up Harry's. I am emptying it and taking it      with me, for he has mine.       "If you find this right away, please don't tell Sister Letitia      for a day or two. You know how firm your Aunt Letitia is. I      shall send her a present from Boston to pacify her, and perhaps      when I come back in three or four months, she will be over the      worst.       "I am not quite comfortable about your father, Margery. He is      not like himself. The last time I saw him he gave me a little      piece of paper with a number on it and he said they followed      him everywhere, and were driving him crazy. Try to have him see      a doctor. And I left a bottle of complexion cream in the little      closet over my mantel, where I had hidden my hat and shoes that      I wore. Please destroy it before your Aunt Letitia sees it.       "Good-by, my dear niece. I suppose I am growing frivolous in my      old age, but I am going to have silk linings in my clothes      before I die.       "YOUR LOVING AUNT JANE."  When Margery stopped reading, there was an amazed silence. Then we all three burst into relieved, uncontrolled mirth. The dear, little, old lady with her new independence and her sixty-five-year-old, romantic, starved heart!  Then we opened the packet, which was a sadder business, for it had represented Allan Fleming's last clutch at his waning public credit.  Edith ran to the telephone with the news for Fred, and for the first time that day Margery and I were alone. She was standing with one hand on the library table; in the other she held Aunt Jane's letter, half tremulous, wholly tender. I put my hand over hers, on the table.  "Margery!" I said. She did not stir.  "Margery, I want my answer, dear. I love you--love you; it isn't possible to tell you how much. There isn't enough time in all existence to tell you. You are mine, Margery--mine. You can't get away from that."  She turned, very slowly, and looked at me with her level eyes. "Yours!" she replied softly, and I took her in my arms.  Edith was still at the telephone.  "I don't know," she was saying. "Just wait until I see."  As she came toward the door, Margery squirmed, but I held her tight. In the doorway Edith stopped and stared; then she went swiftly back to the telephone.  "Yes, dear," she said sweetly. "They are, this minute."       We have just had another flood, bad enough, but only a foot or two of water on the first floor. Yesterday we got the mud shoveled out of the cellar and found Peter, the spaniel that Mr. Ladley left when he "went away". The flood, and the fact that it was Mr. Ladley's dog whose body was found half buried in the basement fruit closet, brought back to me the strange events of the other flood five years ago, when the water reached more than half-way to the second story, and brought with it, to some, mystery and sudden death, and to me the worst case of "shingles" I have ever seen.  My name is Pitman--in this narrative. It is not really Pitman, but that does well enough. I belong to an old Pittsburgh family. I was born on Penn Avenue, when that was the best part of town, and I lived, until I was fifteen, very close to what is now the Pittsburgh Club. It was a dwelling then; I have forgotten who lived there.  I was a girl in seventy-seven, during the railroad riots, and I recall our driving in the family carriage over to one of the Allegheny hills, and seeing the yards burning, and a great noise of shooting from across the river. It was the next year that I ran away from school to marry Mr. Pitman, and I have not known my family since. We were never reconciled, although I came back to Pittsburgh after twenty years of wandering. Mr. Pitman was dead; the old city called me, and I came. I had a hundred dollars or so, and I took a house in lower Allegheny, where, because they are partly inundated every spring, rents are cheap, and I kept boarders. My house was always orderly and clean, and although the neighborhood had a bad name, a good many theatrical people stopped with me. Five minutes across the bridge, and they were in the theater district. Allegheny at that time, I believe, was still an independent city. But since then it has allied itself with Pittsburgh; it is now the North Side.  I was glad to get back. I worked hard, but I made my rent and my living, and a little over. Now and then on summer evenings I went to one of the parks, and sitting on a bench, watched the children playing around, and looked at my sister's house, closed for the summer. It is a very large house: her butler once had his wife boarding with me--a nice little woman.  It is curious to recall that, at that time, five years ago, I had never seen my niece, Lida Harvey, and then to think that only the day before yesterday she came in her automobile as far as she dared, and then sat there, waving to me, while the police patrol brought across in a skiff a basket of provisions she had sent me.  I wonder what she would have thought had she known that the elderly woman in a calico wrapper with an old overcoat over it, and a pair of rubber boots, was her full aunt!  The flood and the sight of Lida both brought back the case of Jennie Brice. For even then, Lida and Mr. Howell were interested in each other.  This is April. The flood of 1907 was earlier, in March. It had been a long hard winter, with ice gorges in all the upper valley. Then, in early March, there came a thaw. The gorges broke up and began to come down, filling the rivers with crushing grinding ice.  There are three rivers at Pittsburgh, the Allegheny and the Monongahela uniting there at the Point to form the Ohio. And all three were covered with broken ice, logs, and all sorts of debris from the upper valleys.  A warning was sent out from the weather bureau, and I got my carpets ready to lift that morning. That was on the fourth of March, a Sunday. Mr. Ladley and his wife, Jennie Brice, had the parlor bedroom and the room behind it. Mrs. Ladley, or Miss Brice, as she preferred to be known, had a small part at a local theater that kept a permanent company. Her husband was in that business, too, but he had nothing to do. It was the wife who paid the bills, and a lot of quarreling they did about it.  I knocked at the door at ten o'clock, and Mr. Ladley opened it. He was a short man, rather stout and getting bald, and he always had a cigarette. Even yet, the parlor carpet smells of them.  "What do you want?" he asked sharply, holding the door open about an inch.  "The water's coming up very fast, Mr. Ladley," I said. "It's up to the swinging-shelf in the cellar now. I'd like to take up the carpet and move the piano."  "Come back in an hour or so," he snapped, and tried to close the door. The car was very close. It was a warm night, and before turning in I stood a short time in the vestibule. The train had been stopping at frequent intervals, and, finding the brakeman there, I asked the trouble.  It seemed that there was a hot-box on the next car, and that not only were we late, but we were delaying the second section, just behind. I was beginning to feel pleasantly drowsy, and the air was growing cooler as we got into the mountains. I said good night to the brakeman and went back to my berth. To my surprise, lower ten was already occupied--a suit-case projected from beneath, a pair of shoes stood on the floor, and from behind the curtains came the heavy, unmistakable breathing of deep sleep. I hunted out the porter and together we investigated.  "Are you asleep, sir?" asked the porter, leaning over deferentially. No answer forthcoming, he opened the curtains and looked in. Yes, the intruder was asleep--very much asleep--and an overwhelming odor of whisky proclaimed that he would probably remain asleep until morning. I was irritated. The car was full, and I was not disposed to take an upper in order to allow this drunken interloper to sleep comfortably in my berth.  "You'll have to get out of this," I said, shaking him angrily. But he merely grunted and turned over. As he did so, I saw his features for the first time. It was the quarrelsome man of the restaurant.  I was less disposed than ever to relinquish my claim, but the porter, after a little quiet investigation, offered a solution of the difficulty. "There's no one in lower nine," he suggested, pulling open the curtains just across. "It's likely nine's his berth, and he's made a mistake, owing to his condition. You'd better take nine, sir."  I did, with a firm resolution that if nine's rightful owner turned up later I should be just as unwakable as the man opposite. I undressed leisurely, making sure of the safety of the forged notes, and placing my grip as before between myself and the window.  Being a man of systematic habits, I arranged my clothes carefully, putting my shoes out for the porter to polish, and stowing my collar and scarf in the little hammock swung for the purpose.  At last, with my pillows so arranged that I could see out comfortably, and with the unhygienic-looking blanket turned back--I have always a distrust of those much-used affairs--I prepared to wait gradually for sleep.  But sleep did not visit me. The train came to frequent, grating stops, and I surmised the hot box again. I am not a nervous man, but there was something chilling in the thought of the second section pounding along behind us. Once, as I was dozing, our locomotive whistled a shrill warning--"You keep back where you belong," it screamed to my drowsy ears, and from somewhere behind came a chastened "All-right-I-will."  I grew more and more wide-awake. At Cresson I got up on my elbow and blinked out at the station lights. Some passengers boarded the train there and I heard a woman's low tones, a southern voice, rich and full. Then quiet again. Every nerve was tense: time passed, perhaps ten minutes, possibly half an hour. Then, without the slightest warning, as the train rounded a curve, a heavy body was thrown into my berth. The incident, trivial as it seemed, was startling in its suddenness, for although my ears were painfully strained and awake, I had heard no step outside. The next instant the curtain hung limp again; still without a sound, my disturber had slipped away into the gloom and darkness. In a frenzy of wakefulness, I sat up, drew on a pair of slippers and fumbled for my bath-robe.  From a berth across, probably lower ten, came that particular aggravating snore which begins lightly, delicately, faintly soprano, goes down the scale a note with every breath, and, after keeping the listener tense with expectation, ends with an explosion that tears the very air. I was more and more irritable: I sat on the edge of the berth and hoped the snorer would choke to death. He had considerable vitality, however; he withstood one shock after another and survived to start again with new vigor. In desperation I found some cigarettes and one match, piled my blankets over my grip, and drawing the curtains together as though the berth were still occupied, I made my way to the vestibule of the car.  I was not clad for dress parade. Is it because the male is so restricted to gloom in his every-day attire that he blossoms into gaudy colors in his pajamas and dressing-gowns? It would take a Turk to feel at home before an audience in my red and yellow bathrobe, a Christmas remembrance from Mrs. Klopton, with slippers to match.  So, naturally, when I saw a feminine figure on the platform, my first instinct was to dodge. The woman, however, was quicker than I; she gave me a startled glance, wheeled and disappeared, with a flash of two bronze-colored braids, into the next car.  Cigarette box in one hand, match in the other, I leaned against the uncertain frame of the door and gazed after her vanished figure. The mountain air flapped my bath-robe around my bare ankles, my one match burned to the end and went out, and still I stared. For I had seen on her expressive face a haunting look that was horror, nothing less. Heaven knows, I am not psychological. Emotions have to be written large before I can read them. But a woman in trouble always appeals to me, and this woman was more than that. She was in deadly fear.  If I had not been afraid of being ridiculous, I would have followed her. But I fancied that the apparition of a man in a red and yellow bath-robe, with an unkempt thatch of hair, walking up to her and assuring her that he would protect her would probably put her into hysterics. I had done that once before, when burglars had tried to break into the house, and had startled the parlor maid into bed for a week. So I tried to assure myself that I had imagined the lady's distress--or caused it, perhaps--and to dismiss her from my mind. Perhaps she was merely anxious about the unpleasant gentleman of the restaurant. I thought smugly that I could have told her all about him: that he was sleeping the sleep of the just and the intoxicated in a berth that ought, by all that was fair and right, to have been mine, and that if I were tied to a man who snored like that I should have him anesthetized and his soft palate put where it would never again flap like a loose sail in the wind.  We passed Harrisburg as I stood there. It was starlight, and the great crests of the Alleghanies had given way to low hills. At intervals we passed smudges of gray white, no doubt in daytime comfortable farms, which McKnight says is a good way of putting it, the farms being a lot more comfortable than the people on them.  I was growing drowsy: the woman with the bronze hair and the horrified face was fading in retrospect. It was colder, too, and I turned with a shiver to go in. As I did so a bit of paper fluttered into the air and settled on my sleeve, like a butterfly on a gorgeous red and yellow blossom. I picked it up curiously and glanced at it. It was part of a telegram that had been torn into bits.  There were only parts of four words on the scrap, but it left me puzzled and thoughtful. It read, "-ower ten, car seve-."  "Lower ten, car seven," was my berth-the one I had bought and found preempted.       No solution offering itself, I went back to my berth. The snorer across had apparently strangled, or turned over, and so after a time I dropped asleep, to be awakened by the morning sunlight across my face.  I felt for my watch, yawning prodigiously. I reached under the pillow and failed to find it, but something scratched the back of my hand. I sat up irritably and nursed the wound, which was bleeding a little. Still drowsy, I felt more cautiously for what I supposed had been my scarf pin, but there was nothing there. Wide awake now, I reached for my traveling-bag, on the chance that I had put my watch in there. I had drawn the satchel to me and had my hand on the lock before I realized that it was not my own!  Mine was of alligator hide. I had killed the beast in Florida, after the expenditure of enough money to have bought a house and enough energy to have built one. The bag I held in my hand was a black one, sealskin, I think. The staggering thought of what the loss of my bag meant to me put my finger on the bell and kept it there until the porter came.  "Did you ring, sir?" he asked, poking his head through the curtains obsequiously. McKnight objects that nobody can poke his head through a curtain and be obsequious. But Pullman porters can and do.  "No," I snapped. "It rang itself. What in thunder do you mean by exchanging my valise for this one? You'll have to find it if you waken the entire car to do it. There are important papers in that grip."  "Porter," called a feminine voice from an upper berth near-by. "Porter, am I to dangle here all day?"  "Let her dangle," I said savagely. "You find that bag of mine."  The porter frowned. Then he looked at me with injured dignity. "I brought in your overcoat, sir. You carried your own valise."  The fellow was right! In an excess of caution I had refused to relinquish my alligator bag, and had turned over my other traps to the porter. It was clear enough then. I was simply a victim of the usual sleeping-car robbery. I was in a lather of perspiration by that time: the lady down the car was still dangling and talking about it: still nearer a feminine voice was giving quick orders in French, presumably to a maid. The porter was on his knees, looking under the berth.  "Not there, sir," he said, dusting his knees. He was visibly more cheerful, having been absolved of responsibility. "Reckon it was taken while you was wanderin' around the car last night."  "I'll give you fifty dollars if you find it," I said. "A hundred. Reach up my shoes and I'll--"  I stopped abruptly. My eyes were fixed in stupefied amazement on a coat that hung from a hook at the foot of my berth. From the coat they traveled, dazed, to the soft-bosomed shirt beside it, and from there to the collar and cravat in the net hammock across the windows.  "A hundred!" the porter repeated, showing his teeth. But I caught him by the arm and pointed to the foot of the berth.  "What--what color's that coat?" I asked unsteadily.  "Gray, sir." His tone was one of gentle reproof.  "And--the trousers?"  He reached over and held up one creased leg. "Gray, too," he grinned.  "Gray!" I could not believe even his corroboration of my own eyes. "But my clothes were blue!" The porter was amused: he dived under the curtains and brought up a pair of shoes. "Your shoes, sir," he said with a flourish. "Reckon you've been dreaming, sir."  Now, there are two things I always avoid in my dress--possibly an idiosyncrasy of my bachelor existence. These tabooed articles are red neckties and tan shoes. And not only were the shoes the porter lifted from the floor of a gorgeous shade of yellow, but the scarf which was run through the turned over collar was a gaudy red. It took a full minute for the real import of things to penetrate my dazed intelligence. Then I gave a vindictive kick at the offending ensemble.  "They're not mine, any of them," I snarled. "They are some other fellow's. I'll sit here until I take root before I put them on."  "They're nice lookin' clothes," the porter put in, eying the red tie with appreciation. "Ain't everybody would have left you anything."  "Call the conductor," I said shortly. Then a possible explanation occurred to me. "Oh, porter--what's the number of this berth?"  "Seven, sir. If you cain't wear those shoes--"  "Seven!" In my relief I almost shouted it. "Why, then, it's simple enough. I'm in the wrong berth, that's all. My berth is nine. Only--where the deuce is the man who belongs here?"  "Likely in nine, sir." The darky was enjoying himself. "You and the other gentleman just got mixed in the night. That's all, sir." It was clear that he thought I had been drinking.  I drew a long breath. Of course, that was the explanation. This was number seven's berth, that was his soft hat, this his umbrella, his coat, his bag. My rage turned to irritation at myself.  The porter went to the next berth and I could hear his softly insinuating voice. "Time to get up, sir. Are you awake? Time to get up."  There was no response from number nine. I guessed that he had opened the curtains and was looking in. Then he came back.  "Number nine's empty," he said.  "Empty! Do you mean my clothes aren't there?" I demanded. "My valise? Why don't you answer me?"  "You doan' give me time," he retorted. "There ain't nothin' there. But it's been slept in."  The disappointment was the greater for my few moments of hope. I sat up in a white fury and put on the clothes that had been left me. Then, still raging, I sat on the edge of the berth and put on the obnoxious tan shoes. The porter, called to his duties, made little excursions back to me, to offer assistance and to chuckle at my discomfiture. He stood by, outwardly decorous, but with little irritating grins of amusement around his mouth, when I finally emerged with the red tie in my hand.  "Bet the owner of those clothes didn't become them any more than you do," he said, as he plied the ubiquitous whisk broom.  "When I get the owner of these clothes," I retorted grimly, "he will need a shroud. Where's the conductor?"  The conductor was coming, he assured me; also that there was no bag answering the description of mine on the car. I slammed my way to the dressing-room, washed, choked my fifteen and a half neck into a fifteen collar, and was back again in less than five minutes. The car, as well as its occupants, was gradually taking on a daylight appearance. I hobbled in, for one of the shoes was abominably tight, and found myself facing a young woman in blue with an unforgettable face. ("Three women already." McKnight says: "That's going some, even if you don't count the Gilmore nurse.") She stood, half-turned toward me, one hand idly drooping, the other steadying her as she gazed out at the flying landscape. I had an instant impression that I had met her somewhere, under different circumstances, more cheerful ones, I thought, for the girl's dejection now was evident. Beside her, sitting down, a small dark woman, considerably older, was talking in a rapid undertone. The girl nodded indifferently now and then. I fancied, although I was not sure, that my appearance brought a startled look into the young woman's face. I sat down and, hands thrust deep into the other man's pockets, stared ruefully at the other man's shoes.  The stage was set. In a moment the curtain was going up on the first act of the play. And for a while we would all say our little speeches and sing our little songs, and I, the villain, would hold center stage while the gallery hissed.  The porter was standing beside lower ten. He had reached in and was knocking valiantly. But his efforts met with no response. He winked at me over his shoulder; then he unfastened the curtains and bent forward. Behind him, I saw him stiffen, heard his muttered exclamation, saw the bluish pallor that spread over his face and neck. As he retreated a step the interior of lower ten lay open to the day.  The man in it was on his back, the early morning sun striking full on his upturned face. But the light did not disturb him. A small stain of red dyed the front of his night clothes and trailed across the sheet; his half-open eyes were fixed, without seeing, on the shining wood above.  I grasped the porter's shaking shoulders and stared down to where the train imparted to the body a grisly suggestion of motion. "Good Lord," I gasped. "The man's been murdered!"       Afterwards, when I tried to recall our discovery of the body in lower ten, I found that my most vivid impression was not that made by the revelation of the opened curtain. I had an instantaneous picture of a slender blue-gowned girl who seemed to sense my words rather than hear them, of two small hands that clutched desperately at the seat beside them. The girl in the aisle stood, bent toward us, perplexity and alarm fighting in her face.  With twitching hands the porter attempted to draw the curtains together. Then in a paralysis of shock, he collapsed on the edge of my berth and sat there swaying. In my excitement I shook him.  "For Heaven's sake, keep your nerve, man," I said bruskly. "You'll have every woman in the car in hysterics. And if you do, you'll wish you could change places with the man in there." He rolled his eyes.  A man near, who had been reading last night's paper, dropped it quickly and tiptoed toward us. He peered between the partly open curtains, closed them quietly and went back, ostentatiously solemn, to his seat. The very crackle with which he opened his paper added to the bursting curiosity of the car. For the passengers knew that something was amiss: I was conscious of a sudden tension.  With the curtains closed the porter was more himself; he wiped his lips with a handkerchief and stood erect.  "It's my last trip in this car," he remarked heavily. "There's something wrong with that berth. Last trip the woman in it took an overdose of some sleeping stuff, and we found her, jes' like that, dead! And it ain't more'n three months now since there was twins born in that very spot. No, sir, it ain't natural."  At that moment a thin man with prominent eyes and a spare grayish goatee creaked up the aisle and paused beside me.  "Porter sick?" he inquired, taking in with a professional eye the porter's horror-struck face, my own excitement and the slightly gaping curtains of lower ten. He reached for the darky's pulse and pulled out an old-fashioned gold watch.  "Hm! Only fifty! What's the matter? Had a shock?" he asked shrewdly.  "Yes," I answered for the porter. "We've both had one. If you are a doctor, I wish you would look at the man in the berth across, lower ten. I'm afraid it's too late, but I'm not experienced in such matters."  Together we opened the curtains, and the doctor, bending down, gave a comprehensive glance that took in the rolling head, the relaxed jaw, the ugly stain on the sheet. The examination needed only a moment. Death was written in the clear white of the nostrils, the colorless lips, the smoothing away of the sinister lines of the night before. With its new dignity the face was not unhandsome: the gray hair was still plentiful, the features strong and well cut.  The doctor straightened himself and turned to me. "Dead for some time,"  he said, running a professional finger over the stains. "These are dry and darkened, you see, and rigor mortis is well established. A friend of yours?"  "I don't know him at all," I replied. "Never saw him but once before."  "Then you don't know if he is traveling alone?"  "No, he was not--that is, I don't know anything about him," I corrected myself. It was my first blunder: the doctor glanced up at me quickly and then turned his attention again to the body. Like a flash there had come to me the vision of the woman with the bronze hair and the tragic face, whom I had surprised in the vestibule between the cars, somewhere in the small hours of the morning. But the deck was slippery and sodden, the rail dripping, and between the davits where the jolly-boat had swung was stretched a line with a shirt of Burns's hung on it, absurdly enough, to dry.  Poor Burns, promoted to the dignity of first mate, and trying to dress the part!  Oleson and Adams made no attempt to work that day; indeed, Oleson was not able.  As I had promised, the breakfast for the after house was placed on the companion steps by Tom, the cook, whence it was removed by Mrs. Sloane.  I saw nothing of either Elsa Lee or Mrs. Johns.  Burns was inclined to resent the deadline the women had drawn below, and suggested that, since they were so anxious to take care of themselves, we give up guarding the after house and let them do it.  We were short-handed enough, he urged, and, if they were going to take that attitude, let them manage.  I did not argue, but my eyes traveled over the rail to where the jolly-boat rose to meet the fresh sea of the morning, and he colored.  After that he made no comment.  Singleton awakened before noon, and ate his first meal since the murders.  He looked better, and we had a long talk, I outside the window and he within.  He held to his story of the night before, but was still vague as to just how the thing looked.  Of what it was he seemed to have no doubt.  It was the specter of either the captain or Vail; he excluded the woman, because she was shorter.  As I stood outside, he measured on me the approximate height of the apparition--somewhere about five feet eight.  He could see Burns's shirt, he admitted, but the thing had been close to the window.  I found myself convinced against my will, and that afternoon, alone, I made a second and more thorough examination of the forecastle and the hold.  In the former I found nothing.  Having been closed for over twenty-four hours, it was stifling and full of odors.  The crew, abandoning it in haste, had left it in disorder.  I made a systematic search, beginning forward and working back.  I prodded in and under bunks, and moved the clothing that hung on every hook and swung, to the undoing of my nerves, with every swell.  Much curious salvage I found under mattresses and beneath bunks: a rosary and a dozen filthy pictures under the same pillow; more than one bottle of whiskey; and even, where it had been dropped in the haste of flight, a bottle of cocaine.  The bottle set me to thinking: had we a "coke" fiend on board, and, if we had, who was it?  The examination of the hold led to one curious and not easily explained discovery.  The Ella was in gravel ballast, and my search there was difficult and nerve-racking.  The creaking of the girders and floor-plates, the groaning overhead of the trestle-trees, and once an unexpected list that sent me careening, head first, against a ballast-tank, made my position distinctly disagreeable.  And above all the incidental noises of a ship's hold was one that I could not place--a regular knocking, which kept time with the list of the boat.  I located it at last, approximately, at one of the ballast ports, but there was nothing to be seen.  The port had been carefully barred and calked over.  The sound was not loud.  Down there among the other noises, I seemed to feel as well as hear it.  I sent Burns down, and he came up, puzzled.  "It's outside," he said.  "Something cracking against her ribs."  "You didn't notice it yesterday, did you?"  "No; but yesterday we were not listening for noises."  The knocking was on the port side.  We went forward together, and, leaning well out, looked over the rail.  The missing marlinespike was swinging there, banging against the hull with every roll of the ship.  It was fastened by a rope lanyard to a large bolt below the rail, and fastened with what Burns called a Blackwall hitch--a sailor's knot.      I find, from my journal, that the next seven days passed without marked incident.  Several times during that period we sighted vessels, all outward bound, and once we were within communicating distance of a steam cargo boat on her way to Venezuela.  She lay to and sent her first mate over to see what could be done.  He was a slim little man with dark eyes and a small mustache above a cheerful mouth.  He listened in silence to my story, and shuddered when I showed him the jolly-boat.  But we were only a few days out by that time, and, after all, what could they do?  He offered to spare us a hand, if it could be arranged; but, Adams having recovered by that time, we decided to get along as we were.  A strange sight we must have presented to the tidy little officer in his uniform and black tie: a haggard, unshaven lot of men, none too clean, all suffering from strain and lack of sleep, with nerves ready to snap; a white yacht, motionless, her sails drooping,--for not a breath of air moved,--with unpolished brasses and dirty decks; in charge of all, a tall youth, unshaven like the rest, and gaunt from sickness, who hardly knew a nautical phrase, who shook the little officer's hand with a ferocity of welcome that made him change color, and whose uniform consisted of a pair of dirty khaki trousers and a khaki shirt, open at the neck; and behind us, wallowing in the trough of the sea as the Ella lay to, the jolly-boat, so miscalled, with its sinister cargo.  The Buenos Aires went on, leaving us a bit cheered, perhaps, but none the better off, except that she verified our bearings.  The after house had taken no notice of the incident.  None of the women had appeared, nor did they make any inquiry of the cook when he carried down their dinner that night.  As entirely as possible, during the week that had passed, they had kept to themselves.  Turner was better, I imagined; but, the few times when Elsa Lee appeared at the companion for a breath of air, I was off duty and missed her.  I thought it was by design, and I was desperate for a sight of her.  Mrs. Johns came on deck once or twice while I was there, but she chose to ignore me.  The stewardess, however, was not so partisan, and, the day before we met the Buenos Aires, she spent a little time on deck, leaning against the rail and watching me with alert black eyes.  "What are you going to do when you get to land, Mr. Captain Leslie?" she asked.  "Are you going to put us all in prison?"  "That's as may be," I evaded.  She was a pretty little woman, plump and dark, and she slid her hand along the rail until it touched mine. Whereon, I did the thing she was expecting, and put my fingers over hers.  She flushed a little, and dimpled.  "You are human, aren't you?" she asked archly.  "I am not afraid of you."  "No one is, I am sure."  "Silly!  Why, they are all afraid of you, down there."  She jerked her head toward the after house.  "They want to offer you something, but none of them will do it."  "Offer me something?"  She came a little closer, so that her round shoulder touched mine.  "Why not? You need money, I take it.  And that's the one thing they have--money."  I began to understand her.  "I see," I said slowly.  "They want to bribe me."  She shrugged her shoulders.  "That is a nasty word.  They might wish to buy--a key or two that you carry."  "The storeroom key, of course.  But what other?"  She looked around--we were alone.  A light breeze filled the sails and flicked the end of a scarf she wore against my face.  "The key to the captain's cabin," she said, very low.  That was what they wished to buy: the incriminating key to the storeroom, found on Turner's floor, and access to the axe, with its telltale prints on the handle.  The stewardess saw my face harden, and put her hand on my arm.  "Now I am afraid of you!" she cried: "When you look like that!"  "Mrs. Sloane," I said, "I do not know that you were asked to do this--I think not.  But if you were, say for me what I am willing to say for myself: I shall tell what I know, and there is not money enough in the world to prevent my telling it straight.  The right man is going to be punished, and the key to the storeroom will be given to the police, and to no one else."  "But--the other key?"  "That is not in my keeping."  "I do not believe you!"  "I am sorry," I said shortly.  "As a matter of fact, Burns has that."  By the look of triumph in her eyes I knew I had told her what she wanted to know.  She went below soon after, and I warned Burns that he would probably be approached in the same way.  "Not that I am afraid," I added.  "But keep the little Sloane woman at a distance.  She's quite capable of mesmerizing you with her eyes and robbing you with her hands at the same time."  "I'd rather you'd carry it," he said, "although I'm not afraid of the lady.  It's not likely, after--"  He did not finish, but he glanced aft toward the jollyboat.  Poor Burns! I believe he had really cared for the Danish girl.  Perhaps I was foolish, but I refused to take the key from him; I felt sure he could be trusted.  The murders had been committed on the early morning of Wednesday, the 12th.  It was on the following Tuesday that Mrs. Sloane and I had our little conversation on deck, and on Wednesday we came up with the Buenos Aires.  It was on Friday, therefore, two days after the cargo steamer had slid over the edge of the ocean, and left us, motionless, a painted ship upon a painted sea, that the incident happened that completed the demoralization of the crew.  For almost a week the lookouts had reported "All's well" in response to the striking of the ship's bell.  The hysteria, as Burns and I dubbed it, of the white figure had died away as the men's nerves grew less irritated.  Although we had found no absolute explanation of the marlinespike, an obvious one suggested itself.  The men, although giving up their weapons without protest, had grumbled somewhat over being left without means of defense.  It was entirely possible, we agreed, that the marlinespike had been so disposed, as some seaman's resort in time of need.  The cook, taking down the dinner on Friday evening, reported Mr. Turner up and about and partly dressed.  The heat was frightful. All day we had had a following breeze, and it had been necessary to lengthen the towing-rope, dropping the jolly-boat well behind us. The men, saying little or nothing, dozed under their canvas; the helmsman drooped at the wheel.  Under our feet the boards sent up simmering heat waves, and the brasses were too hot to touch.  At four o'clock Elsa Lee came on deck, and spoke to me for the first time in several days.  She started when she saw me, and no wonder.  In the frenzied caution of the day after the crimes, I had flung every razor overboard, and the result was as villainous a set of men as I have ever seen.  "Have you been ill again?" she asked.  I put my hand to my chin.  "Not ill," I said; "merely unshaven."  "But you are pale, and your eyes are sunk in your head."  "We are very short-handed and--no one has slept much."  "Or eaten at all, I imagine," she said.  "When do we get in?"  "I can hardly say.  With this wind, perhaps Tuesday."  "Where?"  "Philadelphia."  "You intend to turn the yacht over to the police?"  "Yes, Miss Lee."  "Every one on it?"  "That is up to the police.  They will probably not hold the women. You will be released, I imagine, on your own recognizance."  "And--Mr.  Turner?"  "He will have to take his luck with the rest of us."  She asked me no further questions, but switched at once to what had brought her on deck.  "The cabin is unbearable," she said.  "We are willing to take the risk of opening the after companion door."  But I could not allow this, and I tried to explain my reasons.  The crew were quartered there, for one; for the other, whether they were willing to take the risk or not, I would not open it without placing a guard there, and we had no one to spare for the duty.  I suggested that they use the part of the deck reserved for them, where it was fairly cool under the awning; and, after a dispute below, they agreed to this. Turner, very weak, came up the few steps slowly, but refused my proffered help.  A little later, he called me from the rail and offered me a cigar.  The change in him was startling.  We took advantage of their being on deck to open the windows and air the after house.  But all were securely locked and barred before they went below again.  It was the first time they had all been on deck together since the night of the 11th.  It was a different crowd of people that sat there, looking over the rail and speaking in monosyllables: no bridge, no glasses clinking with ice, no elaborate toilets and carefully dressed hair, no flash of jewels, no light laughter following one of poor Vail's sallies.  At ten o'clock they went below, but not until I had quietly located every member of the crew.  I had the watch from eight to twelve that night, and at half after ten Mrs. Johns came on deck again.  She did not speak to me, but dropped into a steamer-chair and yawned, stretching out her arms.  By the light of the companion lantern, I saw that she had put on one of the loose negligees she affected for undress, and her arms were bare except for a fall of lace.  At eight bells (midnight) Burns took my place.  Charlie Jones was at the wheel, and McNamara in the crow's-nest.  Mrs. Johns was dozing in her chair.  The yacht was making perhaps four knots, and, far behind, the small white light of the jolly-boat showed where she rode.  I slept heavily, and at eight bells I rolled off my blanket and prepared to relieve Burns.  I was stiff, weary, unrefreshed.  The air was very still and we were hardly moving.  I took a pail of water that stood near the rail, and, leaning far out, poured it over my head and shoulders.  As I turned, dripping, Jones, relieved of the wheel, touched me on the arm.  "Go back to sleep, boy," he said kindly.  "We need you, and we're goin' to need you more when we get ashore.  You've been talkin' in your sleep till you plumb scared me."  But I was wide awake by that time, and he had had as little sleep as I had.  I refused, and we went forward together, Jones to get coffee, which stood all night on the galley stove.  It was still dark.  The dawn, even in the less than four weeks we had been out, came perceptibly later.  At the port forward corner of the after house, Jones stumbled over something, and gave a sharp exclamation.  The next moment he was on his knees, lighting a match.  Burns lay there on his face, unconscious, and bleeding profusely from a cut on the back of his head--but not dead.      My first thought was of the after house.  Jones, who had been fond of Burns, was working over him, muttering to himself.  I felt his heart, which was beating slowly but regularly, and, convinced that he was not dying, ran down into the after house.  The cabin was empty: evidently the guard around the pearl handled revolver had been given up on the false promise of peace.  All the lights were going, however, and the heat was suffocating.  I ran to Miss Lee's door, and tried it.  It was locked, but almost instantly she spoke from inside:  "What is it?"  "Nothing much.  Can you come out?"  She came a moment later, and I asked her to call into each cabin to see if every one was safe.  The result was reassuring--no one had been disturbed; and I was put to it to account to Miss Lee for my anxiety without telling her what had happened.  I made some sort of excuse, which I have forgotten, except that she evidently did not believe it.  On deck, the men were gathered around Burns.  There were ominous faces among them, and mutterings of hatred and revenge; for Burns had been popular--the best-liked man among them all.  Jones, wrought to the highest pitch, had even shed a few shamefaced tears, and was obliterating the humiliating memory by an extra brusqueness of manner.  We carried the injured man aft, and with such implements as I had I cleaned and dressed the wound.  It needed sewing, and it seemed best to do it before he regained consciousness.  Jones and Adams went below to the forecastle, therefore, and brought up my amputating set, which contained, besides its knives, some curved needles and surgical silk, still in good condition.  I opened the case, and before the knives, the long surgeon's knives which were in use before the scalpel superseded them, they fell back, muttering and amazed.  I did not know that Elsa Lee also was watching until, having requested Jones, who had been a sailmaker, to thread the needles, his trembling hands refused their duty.  I looked up, searching the group for a competent assistant, and saw the girl.  She had dressed, and the light from the lantern beside me on the deck threw into relief her white figure among the dark ones.  She came forward as my eyes fell on her.  "Let me try," she said; and, kneeling by the lantern, in a moment she held out the threaded needle.  Her hand was quite steady.  She made an able assistant, wiping clean the oozing edges of the wound so that I could see to clip the bleeding vessels, and working deftly with the silk and needles to keep me supplied.  My old case yielded also a roll or so of bandage.  By the time Burns was attempting an incoordinate movement or two, the operation was over and the instruments put out of sight.  His condition was good.  The men carried him to the tent, where Jones sat beside him, and the other men stood outside, uneasy and watchful, looking in.  The operating-case, with its knives, came in for its share of scrutiny, and I felt that an explanation was due the men.  To tell the truth, I had forgotten all about the case.  Perhaps I swaggered just a bit as I went over to wash my hands.  It was my first opportunity, and I was young, and the Girl was there.  "I see you looking at my case, boys," I said.  "Perhaps I'm a little late explaining, but I guess after what you've seen you'll understand. The case belonged to my grandfather, who was a surgeon.  He was in the war.  That case was at Gettysburg."  "And because of your grandfather you brought it on shipboard!" Clarke said nastily.  "No.  I'm a cub doctor myself.  I'd been sick, and I needed the sea and a rest."  They were not so impressed as I had expected--or perhaps they had known all along.  Sailors are a secretive lot.  "I'm thinking we'll all be getting a rest soon," a voice said.  "What are you going to do with them knives?"  I had an inspiration.  "I'm going to leave that to you men," I said. "You may throw them overboard, if you wish--but, if you do, take out the needles and the silk; we may need them."  There followed a savage but restrained argument among the men. Jones, from the tent, called out irritably:--  "Don't be fools, you fellows.  This happened while Leslie was asleep. I'll swear he never moved after he lay down."  The crew reached a decision shortly after that, and came to me in a body.  "We think," Oleson said, "that we'll lock them in the captain's cabin, with the axe."  "Very well," I said. Girls in my day did not meekly accept the public's verdict as to the man they loved.  But presently something occurred that made me think that under Gertrude's surface calm there was a seething flood of emotions.  Tuesday morning the detective made a careful search of the grounds, but he found nothing.  In the afternoon he disappeared, and it was late that night when he came home.  He said he would have to go back to the city the following day, and arranged with Halsey and Alex to guard the house.  Liddy came to me on Wednesday morning with her black silk apron held up like a bag, and her eyes big with virtuous wrath.  It was the day of Thomas' funeral in the village, and Alex and I were in the conservatory cutting flowers for the old man's casket.  Liddy is never so happy as when she is making herself wretched, and now her mouth drooped while her eyes were triumphant.  "I always said there were plenty of things going on here, right under our noses, that we couldn't see," she said, holding out her apron.  "I don't see with my nose," I remarked.  "What have you got there?"  Liddy pushed aside a half-dozen geranium pots, and in the space thus cleared she dumped the contents of her apron--a handful of tiny bits of paper.  Alex had stepped back, but I saw him watching her curiously.  "Wait a moment, Liddy," I said.  "You have been going through the library paper-basket again!"  Liddy was arranging her bits of paper with the skill of long practice and paid no attention.  "Did it ever occur to you," I went on, putting my hand over the scraps, "that when people tear up their correspondence, it is for the express purpose of keeping it from being read?"  "If they wasn't ashamed of it they wouldn't take so much trouble, Miss Rachel," Liddy said oracularly.  "More than that, with things happening every day, I consider it my duty.  If you don't read and act on this, I shall give it to that Jamieson, and I'll venture he'll not go back to the city to-day."  That decided me.  If the scraps had anything to do with the mystery ordinary conventions had no value.  So Liddy arranged the scraps, like working out one of the puzzle-pictures children play with, and she did it with much the same eagerness.  When it was finished she stepped aside while I read it.  "Wednesday night, nine o'clock.  Bridge," I real aloud.  Then, aware of Alex's stare, I turned on Liddy.  "Some one is to play bridge to-night at nine o'clock," I said. "Is that your business, or mine?"  Liddy was aggrieved.  She was about to reply when I scooped up the pieces and left the conservatory.  "Now then," I said, when we got outside, "will you tell me why you choose to take Alex into your confidence?  He's no fool.  Do you suppose he thinks any one in this house is going to play bridge to-night at nine o'clock, by appointment!  I suppose you have shown it in the kitchen, and instead of my being able to slip down to the bridge to-night quietly, and see who is there, the whole household will be going in a procession."  "Nobody knows it," Liddy said humbly.  "I found it in the basket in Miss Gertrude's dressing-room.  Look at the back of the sheet."  I turned over some of the scraps, and, sure enough, it was a blank deposit slip from the Traders' Bank.  So Gertrude was going to meet Jack Bailey that night by the bridge!  And I had thought he was ill! It hardly seemed like the action of an innocent man--this avoidance of daylight, and of his fiancee's people.  I decided to make certain, however, by going to the bridge that night.  After luncheon Mr. Jamieson suggested that I go with him to Richfield, and I consented.  "I am inclined to place more faith in Doctor Stewart's story," he said, "since I found that scrap in old Thomas' pocket.  It bears out the statement that the woman with the child, and the woman who quarreled with Armstrong, are the same.  It looks as if Thomas had stumbled on to some affair which was more or less discreditable to the dead man, and, with a certain loyalty to the family, had kept it to himself.  Then, you see, your story about the woman at the card-room window begins to mean something.  It is the nearest approach to anything tangible that we have had yet."  Warner took us to Richfield in the car.  It was about twenty-five miles by railroad, but by taking a series of atrociously rough short cuts we got there very quickly.  It was a pretty little town, on the river, and back on the hill I could see the Mortons' big country house, where Halsey and Gertrude had been staying until the night of the murder.  Elm Street was almost the only street, and number fourteen was easily found.  It was a small white house, dilapidated without having gained anything picturesque, with a low window and a porch only a foot or so above the bit of a lawn.  There was a baby-carriage in the path, and from a swing at the side came the sound of conflict.  Three small children were disputing vociferously, and a faded young woman with a kindly face was trying to hush the clamor.  When she saw us she untied her gingham apron and came around to the porch.  "Good afternoon," I said.  Jamieson lifted his hat, without speaking. "I came to inquire about a child named Lucien Wallace."  "I am glad you have come," she said.  "In spite of the other children, I think the little fellow is lonely.  We thought perhaps his mother would be here to-day."  Mr. Jamieson stepped forward.  "You are Mrs. Tate?" I wondered how the detective knew.  "Yes, sir."  "Mrs. Tate, we want to make some inquiries.  Perhaps in the house--"  "Come right in," she said hospitably.  And soon we were in the little shabby parlor, exactly like a thousand of its prototypes. Mrs. Tate sat uneasily, her hands folded in her lap.  "How long has Lucien been here?" Mr. Jamieson asked.  "Since a week ago last Friday.  His mother paid one week's board in advance; the other has not been paid."  "Was he ill when he came?"  "No, sir, not what you'd call sick.  He was getting better of typhoid, she said, and he's picking up fine."  "Will you tell me his mother's name and address?"  "That's the trouble," the young woman said, knitting her brows. "She gave her name as Mrs. Wallace, and said she had no address. She was looking for a boarding-house in town.  She said she worked in a department store, and couldn't take care of the child properly, and he needed fresh air and milk.  I had three children of my own, and one more didn't make much difference in the work, but--I wish she would pay this week's board."  "Did she say what store it was?"  "No, sir, but all the boy's clothes came from King's.  He has far too fine clothes for the country."  There was a chorus of shouts and shrill yells from the front door, followed by the loud stamping of children's feet and a throaty "whoa, whoa!"  Into the room came a tandem team of two chubby youngsters, a boy and a girl, harnessed with a clothes-line, and driven by a laughing boy of about seven, in tan overalls and brass buttons.  The small driver caught my attention at once: he was a beautiful child, and, although he showed traces of recent severe illness, his skin had now the clear transparency of health.  "Whoa, Flinders," he shouted.  "You're goin' to smash the trap."  Mr. Jamieson coaxed him over by holding out a lead-pencil, striped blue and yellow.  "Now, then," he said, when the boy had taken the lead-pencil and was testing its usefulness on the detective's cuff, "now then, I'll bet you don't know what your name is!"  "I do," said the boy.  "Lucien Wallace."  "Great!  And what's your mother's name?"  "Mother, of course.  What's your mother's name?"  And he pointed to me! I am going to stop wearing black: it doubles a woman's age.  "And where did you live before you came here?"  The detective was polite enough not to smile.  "Grossmutter," he said.  And I saw Mr. Jamieson's eyebrows go up.  "German," he commented.  "Well, young man, you don't seem to know much about yourself."  "I've tried it all week," Mrs. Tate broke in.  "The boy knows a word or two of German, but he doesn't know where he lived, or anything about himself."  Mr. Jamieson wrote something on a card and gave it to her.  "Mrs. Tate," he said, "I want you to do something.  Here is some money for the telephone call.  The instant the boy's mother appears here, call up that number and ask for the person whose name is there.  You can run across to the drug-store on an errand and do it quietly.  Just say, 'The lady has come.'"  "'The lady has come,'" repeated Mrs. Tate.  "Very well, sir, and I hope it will be soon.  The milk-bill alone is almost double what it was."  "How much is the child's board?" I asked.  "Three dollars a week, including his washing."  "Very well," I said.  "Now, Mrs. Tate, I am going to pay last week's board and a week in advance.  If the mother comes, she is to know nothing of this visit--absolutely not a word, and, in return for your silence, you may use this money for--something for your own children."  Her tired, faded face lighted up, and I saw her glance at the little Tates' small feet.  Shoes, I divined--the feet of the genteel poor being almost as expensive as their stomachs.  As we went back Mr. Jamieson made only one remark:  I think he was laboring under the weight of a great disappointment.  "Is King's a children's outfitting place?" he asked.  "Not especially.  It is a general department store."  He was silent after that, but he went to the telephone as soon as we got home, and called up King and Company, in the city.  After a time he got the general manager, and they talked for some time. When Mr. Jamieson hung up the receiver he turned to me.  "The plot thickens," he said with his ready smile.  "There are four women named Wallace at King's none of them married, and none over twenty.  I think I shall go up to the city to-night. I want to go to the Children's Hospital.  But before I go, Miss Innes, I wish you would be more frank with me than you have been yet.  I want you to show me the revolver you picked up in the tulip bed."  So he had known all along!  "It WAS a revolver, Mr. Jamieson," I admitted, cornered at last, "but I can not show it to you.  It is not in my possession."     At dinner Mr. Jamieson suggested sending a man out in his place for a couple of days, but Halsey was certain there would be nothing more, and felt that he and Alex could manage the situation.  The detective went back to town early in the evening, and by nine o'clock Halsey, who had been playing golf--as a man does anything to take his mind away from trouble--was sleeping soundly on the big leather davenport in the living-room.  I sat and knitted, pretending not to notice when Gertrude got up and wandered out into the starlight.  As soon as I was satisfied that she had gone, however, I went out cautiously.  I had no intention of eavesdropping, but I wanted to be certain that it was Jack Bailey she was meeting.  Too many things had occurred in which Gertrude was, or appeared to be, involved, to allow anything to be left in question.  I went slowly across the lawn, skirted the hedge to a break not far from the lodge, and found myself on the open road.  Perhaps a hundred feet to the left the path led across the valley to the Country Club, and only a little way off was the foot-bridge over Casanova Creek.  But just as I was about to turn down the path I heard steps coming toward me, and I shrank into the bushes.  It was Gertrude, going back quickly toward the house.  I was surprised.  I waited until she had had time to get almost to the house before I started.  And then I stepped back again into the shadows.  The reason why Gertrude had not kept her tryst was evident. Leaning on the parapet of the bridge in the moonlight, and smoking a pipe, was Alex, the gardener.  I could have throttled Liddy for her carelessness in reading the torn note where he could hear.  And I could cheerfully have choked Alex to death for his audacity.  But there was no help for it: I turned and followed Gertrude slowly back to the house.  The frequent invasions of the house had effectually prevented any relaxation after dusk.  We had redoubled our vigilance as to bolts and window-locks but, as Mr. Jamieson had suggested, we allowed the door at the east entry to remain as before, locked by the Yale lock only.  To provide only one possible entrance for the invader, and to keep a constant guard in the dark at the foot of the circular staircase, seemed to be the only method.  In the absence of the detective, Alex and Halsey arranged to change off, Halsey to be on duty from ten to two, and Alex from two until six. Each man was armed, and, as an additional precaution, the one off duty slept in a room near the head of the circular staircase and kept his door open, to be ready for emergency.  These arrangements were carefully kept from the servants, who were only commencing to sleep at night, and who retired, one and all, with barred doors and lamps that burned full until morning.  The house was quiet again Wednesday night.  It was almost a week since Louise had encountered some one on the stairs, and it was four days since the discovery of the hole in the trunk-room wall.  Arnold Armstrong and his father rested side by side in the Casanova churchyard, and at the Zion African Church, on the hill, a new mound marked the last resting-place of poor Thomas.   Louise was with her mother in town, and, beyond a polite note of thanks to me, we had heard nothing from her.  Doctor Walker had taken up his practice again, and we saw him now and then flying past along the road, always at top speed.  The murder of Arnold Armstrong was still unavenged, and I remained firm in the position I had taken--to stay at Sunnyside until the thing was at least partly cleared.  And yet, for all its quiet, it was on Wednesday night that perhaps the boldest attempt was made to enter the house.  On Thursday afternoon the laundress sent word she would like to speak to me, and I saw her in my private sitting-room, a small room beyond the dressing-room.  Mary Anne was embarrassed.  She had rolled down her sleeves and tied a white apron around her waist, and she stood making folds in it with fingers that were red and shiny from her soap-suds.  "Well, Mary," I said encouragingly, "what's the matter?  Don't dare to tell me the soap is out."  "No, ma'm, Miss Innes."  She had a nervous habit of looking first at my one eye and then at the other, her own optics shifting ceaselessly, right eye, left eye, right eye, until I found myself doing the same thing.  "No, ma'm.  I was askin' did you want the ladder left up the clothes chute?"  "The what?" I screeched, and was sorry the next minute.  Seeing her suspicions were verified, Mary Anne had gone white, and stood with her eyes shifting more wildly than ever.  "There's a ladder up the clothes chute, Miss Innes," she said. "It's up that tight I can't move it, and I didn't like to ask for help until I spoke to you."  It was useless to dissemble; Mary Anne knew now as well as I did that the ladder had no business to be there.  I did the best I could, however.  I put her on the defensive at once.  "Then you didn't lock the laundry last night?"  "I locked it tight, and put the key in the kitchen on its nail."  "Very well, then you forgot a window."  Mary Anne hesitated.  "Yes'm," she said at last.  "I thought I locked them all, but there was one open this morning."  I went out of the room and down the hall, followed by Mary Anne. The door into the clothes chute was securely bolted, and when I opened it I saw the evidence of the woman's story.  A pruning-ladder had been brought from where it had lain against the stable and now stood upright in the clothes shaft, its end resting against the wall between the first and second floors.  I turned to Mary.  "This is due to your carelessness," I said.  "If we had all been murdered in our beds it would have been your fault."  She shivered. "Now, not a word of this through the house, and send Alex to me."  The effect on Alex was to make him apoplectic with rage, and with it all I fancied there was an element of satisfaction.  As I look back, so many things are plain to me that I wonder I could not see at the time. It is all known now, and yet the whole thing was so remarkable that perhaps my stupidity was excusable.  Alex leaned down the chute and examined the ladder carefully.  "It is caught," he said with a grim smile.  "The fools, to have left a warning like that!  The only trouble is, Miss Innes, they won't be apt to come back for a while."  "I shouldn't regard that in the light of a calamity," I replied.  Until late that evening Halsey and Alex worked at the chute. They forced down the ladder at last, and put a new bolt on the door.  As for myself, I sat and wondered if I had a deadly enemy, intent on my destruction.  I was growing more and more nervous.  Liddy had given up all pretense at bravery, and slept regularly in my dressing-room on the couch, with a prayer-book and a game knife from the kitchen under her pillow, thus preparing for both the natural and the supernatural.  That was the way things stood that Thursday night, when I myself took a hand in the struggle.     About nine o'clock that night Liddy came into the living-room and reported that one of the housemaids declared she had seen two men slip around the corner of the stable.  Gertrude had been sitting staring in front of her, jumping at every sound.  Now she turned on Liddy pettishly.  "I declare, Liddy," she said, "you are a bundle of nerves.  What if Eliza did see some men around the stable?  It may have been Warner and Alex."  "Warner is in the kitchen, miss," Liddy said with dignity.  "And if you had come through what I have, you would be a bundle of nerves, too. Miss Rachel, I'd be thankful if you'd give me my month's wages to-morrow.  I'll be going to my sister's."  "Very well," I said, to her evident amazement.  "I will make out the check.  Warner can take you down to the noon train."  Liddy's face was really funny.  "You'll have a nice time at your sister's," I went on.  "Five children, hasn't she?"  "That's it," Liddy said, suddenly bursting into tears.  "Send me away, after all these years, and your new shawl only half done, and nobody knowin' how to fix the water for your bath."  "It's time I learned to prepare my own bath."  I was knitting complacently.  But Gertrude got up and put her arms around Liddy's shaking shoulders.  "You are two big babies," she said soothingly.  "Neither one of you could get along for an hour without the other.  So stop quarreling and be good.  Liddy, go right up and lay out Aunty's night things.  She is going to bed early."  After Liddy had gone I began to think about the men at the stable, and I grew more and more anxious.  Halsey was aimlessly knocking the billiard-balls around in the billiard-room, and I called to him.  "Halsey," I said when he sauntered in, "is there a policeman in Casanova?" What had alarmed her so at the farm-house? What had she taken back to the gate? Why did she wish she had not escaped from the wreck? And last, in Heaven's name, how did a part of her necklace become torn off and covered with blood?  Down-stairs McKnight was still at the telephone, and amusing himself with Mrs. Klopton in the interval of waiting.  "Why did he come home in a gray suit, when he went away in a blue?" he repeated. "Well, wrecks are queer things, Mrs. Klopton. The suit may have turned gray with fright. Or perhaps wrecks do as queer stunts as lightning. Friend of mine once was struck by lightning; he and the caddy had taken refuge under a tree. After the flash, when they recovered consciousness, there was my friend in the caddy's clothes, and the caddy in his. And as my friend was a large man and the caddy a very small boy--"  McKnight's story was interrupted by the indignant slam of the dining-room door. He was obliged to wait some time, and even his eternal cheerfulness was ebbing when he finally got the hospital.  "Is Doctor Van Kirk there?" he asked. "Not there? Well, can you tell me how the patient is whom Doctor Williams, from Washington, operated on last night? Well, I'm glad of that. Is she conscious? Do you happen to know her name? Yes, I'll hold the line." There was a long pause, then McKnight's voice:  "Hello--yes. Thank you very much. Good-by."  He came up-stairs, two steps at a time.  "Look here," he said, bursting into the room, "there may be something in your theory, after all. The woman's name--it may be a coincidence, but it's curious--her name is Sullivan."  "What did I tell you?" I said, sitting up suddenly in bed. "She's probably a sister of that scoundrel in lower seven, and she was afraid of what he might do."  "Well, I'll go there some day soon. She's not conscious yet. In the meantime, the only thing I can do is to keep an eye, through a detective, on the people who try to approach Bronson. We'll have the case continued, anyhow, in the hope that the stolen notes will sooner or later turn up."  "Confound this arm," I said, paying for my energy with some excruciating throbs. "There's so much to be looked after, and here I am, bandaged, splinted, and generally useless. It's a beastly shame."  "Don't forget that I am here," said McKnight pompously. "And another thing, when you feel this way just remember there are two less desirable places where you might be. One is jail, and the other is--" He strummed on an imaginary harp, with devotional eyes.  But McKnight's light-heartedness jarred on me that morning. I lay and frowned under my helplessness. When by chance I touched the little gold bag, it seemed to scorch my fingers. Richey, finding me unresponsive, left to keep his luncheon engagement with Alison West. As he clattered down the stairs, I turned my back to the morning sunshine and abandoned myself to misery. By what strain on her frayed nerves was Alison West keeping up, I wondered? Under the circumstances, would I dare to return the bag? Knowing that I had it, would she hate me for my knowledge? Or had I exaggerated the importance of the necklace, and in that case had she forgotten me already?  But McKnight had not gone, after all. I heard him coming back, his voice preceding him, and I groaned with irritation.  "Wake up!" he called. "Somebody's sent you a lot of flowers. Please hold the box, Mrs. Klopton; I'm going out to be run down by an automobile."  I roused to feeble interest. My brother's wife is punctilious about such things; all the new babies in the family have silver rattles, and all the sick people flowers.  McKnight pulled up an armful of roses, and held them out to me.  "Wonder who they're from?" he said, fumbling in the box for a card. "There's no name--yes, here's one."  He held it up and read it with exasperating slowness.       "'Best wishes for an early recovery.                          A COMPANION IN MISFORTUNE.'  "Well, what do you know about that!" he exclaimed. "That's something you didn't tell me, Lollie."  "It was hardly worth mentioning," I said mendaciously, with my heart beating until I could hear it. She had not forgotten, after all.  McKnight took a bud and fastened it in his button-hole. I'm afraid I was not especially pleasant about it. They were her roses, and anyhow, they were meant for me. Richey left very soon, with an irritating final grin at the box.  "Good-by, sir woman-hater," he jeered at me from the door.  So he wore one of the roses she had sent me, to luncheon with her, and I lay back among my pillows and tried to remember that it was his game, anyhow, and that I wasn't even drawing cards. To remember that, and to forget the broken necklace under my head!      I was in the house for a week. Much of that time I spent in composing and destroying letters of thanks to Miss West, and in growling at the doctor. McKnight dropped in daily, but he was less cheerful than usual. Now and then I caught him eying me as if he had something to say, but whatever it was he kept it to himself. Once during the week he went to Baltimore and saw the woman in the hospital there. From the description I had little difficulty in recognizing the young woman who had been with the murdered man in Pittsburg. But she was still unconscious. An elderly aunt had appeared, a gaunt person in black, who sat around like a buzzard on a fence, according to McKnight, and wept, in a mixed figure, into a damp handkerchief.  On the last day of my imprisonment he stopped in to thrash out a case that was coming up in court the next day, and to play a game of double solitaire with me.  "Who won the ball game?" I asked.  "We were licked. Ask me something pleasant. Oh, by the way, Bronson's out to-day."  "I'm glad I'm not on his bond," I said pessimistically. "He'll clear out."  "Not he." McKnight pounced on my ace. "He's no fool. Don't you suppose he knows you took those notes to Pittsburg? The papers were full of it. And he knows you escaped with your life and a broken arm from the wreck. What do we do next? The Commonwealth continues the case. A deaf man on a dark night would know those notes are missing."  "Don't play so fast," I remonstrated. "I have only one arm to your two. Who is trailing Bronson? Did you try to get Johnson?"  "I asked for him, but he had some work on hand."  "The murder's evidently a dead issue," I reflected. "No, I'm not joking. The wreck destroyed all the evidence. But I'm firmly convinced those notes will be offered, either to us or to Bronson very soon. Johnson's a blackguard, but he's a good detective. He could make his fortune as a game dog. What's he doing?"  McKnight put down his cards, and rising, went to the window. As he held the curtain back his customary grin looked a little forced.  "To tell you the truth, Lollie," he said, "for the last two days he has been watching a well-known Washington attorney named Lawrence Blakeley. He's across the street now."  It took a moment for me to grasp what he meant.  "Why, it's ridiculous," I asserted. "What would they trail me for? Go over and tell Johnson to get out of there, or I'll pot at him with my revolver."  "You can tell him that yourself." McKnight paused and bent forward. "Hello, here's a visitor; little man with string halt."  "I won't see him," I said firmly. "I've been bothered enough with reporters."  We listened together to Mrs. Klopton's expostulating tones in the lower hall and the creak of the boards as she came heavily up the stairs. She had a piece of paper in her hand torn from a pocket account-book, and on it was the name, "Mr. Wilson Budd Hotchkiss. Important business."  "Oh, well, show him up," I said resignedly. "You'd better put those cards away, Richey. I fancy it's the rector of the church around the corner."  But when the door opened to admit a curiously alert little man, adjusting his glasses with nervous fingers, my face must have shown my dismay.  It was the amateur detective of the Ontario!  I shook hands without enthusiasm. Here was the one survivor of the wrecked car who could do me any amount of harm. There was no hope that he had forgotten any of the incriminating details. In fact, he held in his hand the very note-book which contained them.  His manner was restrained, but it was evident he was highly excited. I introduced him to McKnight, who has the imagination I lack, and who placed him at once, mentally.  "I only learned yesterday that you had been--er--saved," he said rapidly. "Terrible accident--unspeakable. Dream about it all night and think about it all day. Broken arm?"  "No. He just wears the splint to be different from other people,"  McKnight drawled lazily. I glared at him: there was nothing to be gained by antagonizing the little man.  "Yes, a fractured humerus, which isn't as funny as it sounds."  "Humerus-humorous! Pretty good," he cackled. "I must say you keep up your spirits pretty well, considering everything."  "You seem to have escaped injury," I parried. He was fumbling for something in his pockets.  "Yes, I escaped," he replied abstractedly. "Remarkable thing, too. I haven't a doubt I would have broken my neck, but I landed on--you'll never guess what! I landed head first on the very pillow which was under inspection at the time of the wreck. You remember, don't you? Where did I put that package?"  He found it finally and opened it on a table, displaying with some theatricalism a rectangular piece of muslin and a similar patch of striped ticking.  "You recognize it?" he said. "The stains, you see, and the hole made by the dirk. I tried to bring away the entire pillow, but they thought I was stealing it, and made me give it up."  Richey touched the pieces gingerly. "By George," he said, "and you carry that around in your pocket! What if you should mistake it for your handkerchief?"  But Mr. Hotchkiss was not listening. He stood bent somewhat forward, leaning over the table, and fixed me with his ferret-like eyes.  "Have you see the evening papers, Mr. Blakeley?" he inquired.  I glanced to where they lay unopened, and shook my head.  "Then I have a disagreeable task," he said with evident relish. "Of course, you had considered the matter of the man Harrington's death closed, after the wreck. I did myself. As far as I was concerned, I meant to let it remain so. There were no other survivors, at least none that I knew of, and in spite of circumstances, there were a number of points in your favor."  "Thank you," I put in with a sarcasm that was lost on him.  "I verified your identity, for instance, as soon as I recovered from the shock. Also--I found on inquiring of your tailor that you invariably wore dark clothing."  McKnight came forward threateningly. "Who are you, anyhow?" he demanded. "And how is this any business of yours?" Mr. Hotchkiss was entirely unruffled.  "I have a minor position here," he said, reaching for a visiting card. "I am a very small patch on the seat of government, sir."  McKnight muttered something about certain offensive designs against the said patch and retired grumbling to the window. Our visitor was opening the paper with a tremendous expenditure of energy.  "Here it is. Listen." He read rapidly aloud:  "The Pittsburg police have sent to Baltimore two detectives who are looking up the survivors of the ill-fated Washington Flier. It has transpired that Simon Harrington, the Wood Street merchant of that city, was not killed in the wreck, but was murdered in his berth the night preceding the accident. Shortly before the collision, John Flanders, the conductor of the Flier, sent this telegram to the chief of police:    "'Body of Simon Harrington found stabbed in his berth, lower ten,   Ontario, at six-thirty this morning.                                         JOHN FLANDERS, Conductor.'  "It is hoped that the survivors of the wrecked car Ontario will be found, to tell what they know of the discovery of the crime.  "Mr. John Gilmore, head of the steel company for which Mr. Harrington was purchasing agent, has signified his intention of sifting the matter to the bottom."  "So you see," Hotchkiss concluded, "there's trouble brewing. You and I are the only survivors of that unfortunate car."  I did not contradict him, but I knew of two others, at least: Alison West, and the woman we had left beside the road that morning, babbling incoherently, her black hair tumbling over her white face.  "Unless we can find the man who occupied lower seven," I suggested.  "I have already tried and failed. To find him would not clear you, of course, unless we could establish some connection between him and the murdered man. It is the only thing I see, however. I have learned this much," Hotchkiss concluded: "Lower seven was reserved from Cresson."  Cresson! Where Alison West and Mrs. Curtis had taken the train!  McKnight came forward and suddenly held out his hand. "Mr. Hotchkiss,"  he said, "I--I'm sorry if I have been offensive. I thought when you came in, that, like the Irishman and the government, you were 'forninst' us. If you will put those cheerful relics out of sight somewhere, I should be glad to have you dine with me at the Incubator." (His name for his bachelor apartment.) "Compared with Johnson, you are the great original protoplasm."  The strength of this was lost on Hotchkiss, but the invitation was clear. They went out together, and from my window I watched them get into McKnight's car. It was raining, and at the corner the Cannonball skidded. Across the street my detective, Johnson, looked after them with his crooked smile. As he turned up his collar he saw me, and lifted his hat.  I left the window and sat down in the growing dusk. So the occupant of lower seven had got on the car at Cresson, probably with Alison West and her companion. There was some one she cared about enough to shield. I went irritably to the door and summoned Mrs. Klopton.  "You may throw out those roses," I said without looking at her. "They are quite dead."  "They have been quite dead for three days," she retorted spitefully. "Euphemia said you threatened to dismiss her if she touched them."       By Sunday evening, a week after the wreck, my inaction had goaded me to frenzy. The very sight of Johnson across the street or lurking, always within sight of the house, kept me constantly exasperated. It was on that day that things began to come to a focus, a burning-glass of events that seemed to center on me.  I dined alone that evening in no cheerful frame of mind. There had been a polo game the day before and I had lent a pony, which is always a bad thing to do. And she had wrenched her shoulder, besides helping to lose the game. There was no one in town: the temperature was ninety and climbing, and my left hand persistently cramped under its bandage.  Mrs. Klopton herself saw me served, my bread buttered and cut in tidbits, my meat ready for my fork. She hovered around me maternally, obviously trying to cheer me.  "The paper says still warmer," she ventured. "The thermometer is ninety-two now."  "And this coffee is two hundred and fifty," I said, putting down my cup. "Where is Euphemia? I haven't seen her around, or heard a dish smash all day."  "Euphemia is in bed," Mrs. Klopton said gravely. "Is your meat cut small enough, Mr. Lawrence?" Mrs. Klopton can throw more mystery into an ordinary sentence than any one I know. She can say, "Are your sheets damp, sir?" And I can tell from her tone that the house across the street has been robbed, or that my left hand neighbor has appendicitis. So now I looked up and asked the question she was waiting for.  "What's the matter with Euphemia?" I inquired idly.  "Frightened into her bed," Mrs. Klopton said in a stage whisper. "She's had three hot water bottles and she hasn't done a thing all day but moan."  "She oughtn't to take hot water bottles," I said in my severest tone. "One would make me moan. You need not wait, I'll ring if I need anything."  Mrs. Klopton sailed to the door, where she stopped and wheeled indignantly. "I only hope you won't laugh on the wrong side of your face some morning, Mr. Lawrence," she declared, with Christian fortitude. "But I warn you, I am going to have the police watch that house next door."  I was half inclined to tell her that both it and we were under police surveillance at that moment. But I like Mrs. Klopton, in spite of the fact that I make her life a torment for her, so I refrained.  "Last night, when the paper said it was going to storm, I sent Euphemia to the roof to bring the rugs in. Eliza had slipped out, although it was her evening in. Euphemia went up to the roof--it was eleven o'clock--and soon I heard her running down-stairs crying. When she got to my room she just folded up on the floor. She said there was a black figure sitting on the parapet of the house next door--the empty house--and that when she appeared it rose and waved long black arms at her and spit like a cat."  I had finished my dinner and was lighting a cigarette. "If there was any one up there, which I doubt, they probably sneezed," I suggested. "But if you feel uneasy, I'll take a look around the roof to-night before I turn in. As far as Euphemia goes, I wouldn't be uneasy about her--doesn't she always have an attack of some sort when Eliza rings in an extra evening on her?"  So I made a superficial examination of the window locks that night, visiting parts of the house that I had not seen since I bought it. Then I went to the roof. Evidently it had not been intended for any purpose save to cover the house, for unlike the houses around, there was no staircase. A ladder and a trap-door led to it, and it required some nice balancing on my part to get up with my useless arm. I made it, however, and found this unexplored part of my domain rather attractive. It was cooler than down-stairs, and I sat on the brick parapet and smoked my final cigarette. The roof of the empty house adjoined mine along the back wing, but investigation showed that the trap-door across the low dividing wall was bolted underneath.  There was nothing out of the ordinary anywhere, and so I assured Mrs. Klopton. Needless to say, I did not tell her that I had left the trap-door open, to see if it would improve the temperature of the house. I went to bed at midnight, merely because there was nothing else to do. I turned on the night lamp at the head of my bed, and picked up a volume of Shaw at random (it was Arms and the Man, and I remember thinking grimly that I was a good bit of a chocolate cream soldier myself), and prepared to go to sleep. Shaw always puts me to sleep. I have no apologies to make for what occurred that night, and not even an explanation that I am sure of. I did a foolish thing under impulse, and I have not been sorry.  It was something after two when the door-bell rang. It rang quickly, twice. I got up drowsily, for the maids and Mrs. Klopton always lock themselves beyond reach of the bell at night, and put on a dressing-gown. The bell rang again on my way down-stairs. I lit the hall light and opened the door. I was wide-awake now, and I saw that it was Johnson. His bald head shone in the light--his crooked mouth was twisted in a smile.  "Good Heavens, man," I said irritably. "Don't you ever go home and go to bed?" "I got the story from Burton," he said, after a deep breath. "I had no conclusion formed, and of course I am not a detective. Things looked black for Mr. Wardrop, in view of the money lost, the quarrel with Fleming that morning at the White Cat, and the circumstance of his leaving the club and hunting a doctor outside, instead of raising the alarm. Still, no two men ever act alike in an emergency. Psychology is as exact a science as mathematics; it gets information from the source, and a man can not lie in four-fifths of a second. 'Head,' you noticed, brought 'hair' in a second and three quarters, and the next word, 'ice,' brought the 'blood' that he had held back before. That doesn't show anything. He tried to avoid what was horrible to him.  "But I gave him 'traveling-bag;' after a pause, he responded with 'train.' The next word, 'lost,' showed what was in his mind; instead of 'found,' he said 'woman.' Now then, I believe he was either robbed by a woman, or he thinks he was. After all, we can only get what he believes himself.  "'Money--letters,'--another slip.  "'Shot--staircase'--where are the stairs at the White Cat?"  "I learned yesterday of a back staircase that leads into one of the upper rooms," I said. "It opens on a side entrance, and is used in emergency."  The doctor smiled confidently.  "We look there for our criminal," he said. "Nothing hides from the chronoscope. Now then, 'staircase--scar.' Isn't that significant? The association is clear: a scar that is vivid enough, disfiguring enough, to be the first thing that enters his mind."  "Schwartz!" Burton said with awe. "Doctor, what on earth does 'eleven twenty-two C' mean?"  "I think that is up to you, gentlemen. The C belongs there, without doubt. Briefly, looking over these slips, I make it something like this: Wardrop thinks a woman took his traveling-bag. Three times he gave the word 'letters,' in response to 'gate,' 'guest' and 'money.' Did he have a guest at the time all this happened at Bellwood?"  "I was a guest in the house at the time."  "Did you offer him money for letters?"  "No."  "Did he give you any letters to keep for him?"  "He gave me the bag that was substituted for his."  "Locked?"  "Yes. By Jove, I wonder if there is anything in it? I have reason to know that he came into my room that night at least once after I went asleep."  "I think it very likely," he said dryly. "One thing we have not touched on, and I believe Mr. Wardrop knows nothing of it. That is, the disappearance of the old lady. There is a psychological study for you! My conclusion? Well, I should say that Mr. Wardrop is not guilty of the murder. He knows, or thinks he knows, who is. He has a theory of his own, about some one with a scar: it may be only a theory. He does not necessarily know, but he hopes. He is in a state of abject fear. Also, he is hiding something concerning letters, and from the word 'money' in that connection, I believe he either sold or bought some damaging papers. He is not a criminal, but he is what is almost worse."  The doctor rose and picked up his hat. "He is a weakling," he said, from the doorway.  Burton looked at his watch. "By George!" he said. "Seven-twenty, and I've had nothing since lunch but a box of sardines. I'm off to chase the festive mutton chop. Oh, by the way, Knox, where is that locked bag?"  "In my office safe."  "I'll drop around in the morning and assist you to compound a felony," he said easily. But as it happened, he did not.      I was very late for dinner. Fred and Edith were getting ready for a concert, and the two semi-invalids were playing pinochle in Fred's den. Neither one looked much the worse for her previous night's experience; Mrs. Butler was always pale, and Margery had been so since her father's death.  The game was over when I went into the den. As usual, Mrs. Butler left the room almost immediately, and went to the piano across the hall. I had grown to accept her avoidance of me without question. Fred said it was because my overwhelming vitality oppressed her. Personally, I think it was because the neurasthenic type of woman is repulsive to me. No doubt Mrs. Butler deserved sympathy, but her open demand for it found me cold and unresponsive.  I told Margery briefly of my visit to Bellwood that morning. She was as puzzled as I was about the things Heppie had found in the chest. She was relieved, too.  "I am just as sure, now, that she is living, as I was a week ago that she was dead," she said, leaning back in her big chair. "But what terrible thing took her away? Unless--"  "Unless what?"  "She had loaned my father a great deal of money," Margery said, with heightened color. "She had not dared to tell Aunt Letitia, and the money was to be returned before she found it out. Then--things went wrong with the Borough Bank, and--the money did not come back. If you know Aunt Jane, and how afraid she is of Aunt Letitia, you will understand how terrible it was for her. I have wondered if she would go--to Plattsburg, and try to find father there."  "The _Eagle_ man is working on that theory now," I replied. "Margery, if there was a letter 'C' added to eleven twenty-two, would you know what it meant?"  She shook her head in the negative.  "Will you answer two more questions?" I asked.  "Yes, if I can."  "Do you know why you were chloroformed last night, and who did it?"  "I think I know who did it, but I don't understand. I have been trying all day to think it out. I'm afraid to go to sleep to-night."  "You need not be," I assured her. "If necessary, we will have the city police in a ring around the house. If you know and don't tell, Margery, you are running a risk, and more than that, you are protecting a person who ought to be in jail."  "I'm not sure," she persisted. "Don't ask me about it, please."  "What does Mrs. Butler say?"  "Just what she said this morning. And she says valuable papers were taken from under her pillow. She was very ill--hysterical, all afternoon."  The gloom and smouldering fire of the _Sonata Apassionata_ came to us from across the hall. I leaned over and took Margery's small hand between my two big ones.  "Why don't you tell me?" I urged. "Or--you needn't tell me, I know what you think. But there isn't any motive that I can see, and why would she chloroform you?"  "I don't know," Margery shuddered. "Sometimes--I wonder--do you think she is altogether sane?"  The music ended with the crash of a minor chord. Fred and Edith came down the stairs, and the next moment we were all together, and the chance for a quiet conversation was gone. At the door Fred turned and came back.  "Watch the house," he said. "And by the way, I guess"--he lowered his voice--"the lady's story was probably straight. I looked around again this afternoon, and there are fresh scratches on the porch roof under her window. It looks queer, doesn't it?"  It was a relief to know that, after all, Mrs. Butler was an enemy and a dangerous person to nobody but herself. She retired to her room almost as soon as Fred and Edith had gone. I was wondering whether or not to tell Margery about the experiment that afternoon; debating how to ask her what letters she had got from the postmaster at Bellwood addressed to Miss Jane, and what she knew of Bella. At the same time--bear with me, oh masculine reader, the gentle reader will, for she cares a great deal more for the love story than for all the crime and mystery put together--bear with me, I say, if I hold back the account of the terrible events that came that night, to tell how beautiful Margery looked as the lamplight fell on her brown hair and pure profile, and how the impulse came over me to kiss her as she sat there; and how I didn't, after all--poor gentle reader!--and only stooped over and kissed the pink palm of her hand.  She didn't mind it; speaking as nearly as possible from an impersonal standpoint, I doubt if she was even surprised. You see, the ring was gone and--it had only been an engagement ring anyhow, and everybody knows how binding they are!  And then an angel with a burning sword came and scourged me out of my Eden. And the angel was Burton, and the sword was a dripping umbrella.  "I hate to take you out," he said. "The bottom's dropped out of the sky; but I want you to make a little experiment with me." He caught sight of Margery through the portires, and the imp of mischief in him prompted his next speech. "She said she must see you," he said, very distinctly, and leered at me.  "Don't be an ass," I said angrily. "I don't know that I care to go out to-night."  He changed his manner then.  "Let's go and take a look at the staircase you fellows have been talking about," he said. "I don't believe there is a staircase there, except the main one. I have hounded every politician in the city into or out of that joint, and I have never heard of it."  I felt some hesitation about leaving the house--and Margery--after the events of the previous night. But Margery had caught enough of the conversation to be anxious to have me to go, and when I went in to consult her she laughed at my fears.  "Lightning never strikes twice in the same place," she said bravely. "I will ask Katie to come down with me if I am nervous, and I shall wait up for the family."  I went without enthusiasm. Margery's departure had been delayed for a day only, and I had counted on the evening with her. In fact, I had sent the concert tickets to Edith with an eye single to that idea. But Burton's plan was right. It was, in view of what we knew, to go over the ground at the White Cat again, and Saturday night, with the place full of men, would be a good time to look around, unnoticed.  "I don't hang so much to this staircase idea," Burton said, "and I have a good reason for it. I think we will find it is the warehouse, yet."  "You can depend on it, Burton," I maintained, "that the staircase is the place to look. If you had seen Wardrop's face to-day, and his agony of mind when he knew he had associated 'staircase' with 'shot,' you would think just as I do. A man like Schwartz, who knew the ropes, could go quietly up the stairs, unbolt the door into the room, shoot Fleming and get out. Wardrop suspects Schwartz, and he's afraid of him. If he opened the door just in time to see Schwartz, we will say, backing out the door and going down the stairs, or to see the door closing and suspect who had just gone, we would have the whole situation, as I see it, including the two motives of deadly hate and jealousy."  "Suppose the stairs open into the back of the room? He was sitting facing the window. Do you think Schwartz would go in, walk around the table and shoot him from in front? Pooh! Fudge!"  "He had a neck," I retorted. "I suppose he might have turned his head to look around."  We had been walking through the rain. The White Cat, as far off as the poles socially, was only a half-dozen blocks actually from the best residence portion of the city. At the corner of the warehouse, Burton stopped and looked up at it.  "I always get mad when I look at this building," he said. "My great grandfather had a truck garden on this exact spot seventy years ago, and the old idiot sold out for three hundred dollars and a pair of mules! How do you get in?"  "What are you going in for?" I asked.  "I was wondering if I had a grudge--I have, for that matter--against the mayor, and I wanted to shoot him, how I would go about it. I think I should find a point of vantage, like an overlooking window in an empty building like this, and I would wait for a muggy night, also like this, when the windows were up and the lights going. I could pot him with a thirty-eight at a dozen yards, with my eyes crossed."  We had stopped near the arched gate where I had stood and waited for Hunter, a week before. Suddenly Burton darted away from me and tried the gate. It opened easily, and I heard him splashing through a puddle in the gloomy yard.  "Come in," he called softly. "The water's fine."  The gate swung to behind me, and I could not see six inches from my nose. Burton caught my elbow and steered me, by touching the fence, toward the building.  "If it isn't locked too tight," he was saying, "we can get in, perhaps through a window, and get up-stairs. From there we ought to be able to see down into the club. What the devil's that?"  It was a rat, I think, and it scrambled away among the loose boards in a frenzy of excitement. Burton struck a match; it burned faintly in the dampness, and in a moment went out, having shown us only the approximate location of the heavy, arched double doors. A second match showed us a bar and a rusty padlock; there was no entrance to be gained in that way.  The windows were of the eight-paned variety, and in better repair than the ones on the upper floors. By good luck, we found one unlocked and not entirely closed; it shrieked hideously as we pried it up, but an opportune clap of thunder covered the sound.  By this time I was ready for anything that came; I was wet to my knees, muddy, disreputable. While Burton held the window I crawled into the warehouse, and turned to perform the same service for him. At first I could not see him, outside. Then I heard his voice, a whisper, from beyond the sill.  "Duck," he said. "Cop!"  I dropped below the window, and above the rain I could hear the squash of the watchman's boots in the mud. He flashed a night lamp in at the window next to ours, but he was not very near, and the open window escaped his notice. I felt all the nervous dread of a real malefactor, and when I heard the gate close behind him, and saw Burton put a leg over the sill, I was almost as relieved as I would have been had somebody's family plate, tied up in a tablecloth, been reposing at my feet.  Burton had an instinct for getting around in the dark. I lighted another match as soon as he had closed the window, and we made out our general direction toward where the stairs ought to be. When the match went out, we felt our way in the dark; I had only one box of wax matches, and Burton had dropped his in a puddle.  We got to the second floor, finally, and without any worse mishap than Burton banging his arm against a wheel of some sort. Unlike the first floor, the second was subdivided into rooms; it took a dozen precious matches to find our way to the side of the building overlooking the club, and another dozen to find the window we wanted. When we were there at last, Burton leaned his elbows on the sill, and looked down and across.  "Could anything be better!" he said. "There's our theater, and we've got a proscenium box. That room over there stands out like a spot-light."  He was right. Not more than fifteen feet away, and perhaps a foot lower than our window, was the window of the room where Fleming had been killed. It was empty, as far as we could see; the table, neat enough now, was where it had been before, directly under the light. Any one who sat there would be an illuminated target from our window. Not only that, but an arm could be steadied on the sill, allowing for an almost perfect aim.  "Now, where's your staircase?" Burton jeered.  The club was evidently full of men, as he had prophesied. Above the rattle of the rain came the thump--thump of the piano, and a half-dozen male voices. The shutters below were closed; we could see nothing.  I think it was then that Burton had his inspiration.  "I'll bet you a five-dollar bill," he said, "that if I fire off my revolver here, now, not one of those fellows down there would pay the slightest attention."  "I'll take that bet," I returned. "I'll wager that every time anybody drops a poker, since Fleming was shot, the entire club turns out to investigate."  In reply Burton got out his revolver, and examined it by holding it against the light from across the way.  "I'll tell you what I'll do," he said. "Everybody down there knows me; I'll drop in for a bottle of beer, and you fire a shot into the floor here, or into somebody across, if you happen to see any one you don't care for. I suggest that you stay and fire the shot, because if you went, my friend, and nobody heard it, you would accuse me of shooting from the back of the building somewhere."  He gave me the revolver and left me with a final injunction.  "Wait for ten minutes," he said. "It will take five for me to get out of here, and five more to get into the club-house. Perhaps you'd better make it fifteen."      He went away into the darkness, and I sat down on an empty box by the window and waited. Had any one asked me, at that minute, how near we were to the solution of our double mystery, I would have said we had made no progress--save by eliminating Wardrop. Not for one instant did I dream that I was within less than half an hour of a revelation that changed my whole conception of the crime.  I timed the interval by using one of my precious matches to see my watch when he left. I sat there for what seemed ten minutes, listening to the rush of the rain and the creaking of a door behind me In the darkness somewhere, that swung back and forth rustily in the draft from the broken windows. The gloom was infinitely depressing; away from Burton's enthusiasm, his scheme lacked point; his argument, that the night duplicated the weather conditions of that other night, a week ago, seemed less worthy of consideration.  Besides, I have a horror of making myself ridiculous, and I had an idea that it would be hard to explain my position, alone in the warehouse, firing a revolver into the floor, if my own argument was right, and the club should rouse to a search. I looked again at my watch; only six minutes.  Eight minutes.  Nine minutes.  Every one who has counted the passing of seconds knows how they drag. With my eyes on the room across, and my finger on the trigger, I waited as best I could. At ten minutes I was conscious there was some one in the room over the way. And then he came into view from the side somewhere, and went to the table. He had his back to me, and I could only see that he was a large man, with massive shoulders and dark hair.  It was difficult to make out what he was doing. After a half-minute, however, he stepped to one side, and I saw that he had lighted a candle, and was systematically reading and then burning certain papers, throwing the charred fragments on the table. With the same glance that told me that, I knew the man. It was Schwartz.  I was so engrossed in watching him that when he turned and came directly to the window, I stood perfectly still, staring at him. But he and Fleming were generally supposed to be captain and first mate of the pirate craft that passed with us for the ship of state.  "Mr. Schwartz and my father are allies politically," the girl explained with heightened color, "but they are not friends. My father is a gentleman."  The inference I allowed to pass unnoticed, and as if she feared she had said too much, the girl rose. When she left, a few minutes later, it was with the promise that she would close the Monmouth Avenue house and go to her aunts at Bellwood, at once. For myself, I pledged a thorough search for her father, and began it by watching the scarlet wing on her hat through the top of the elevator cage until it had descended out of sight.  I am afraid it was a queer hodgepodge of clues and sentiment that I poured out to Hunter, the detective, when he came up late that afternoon.  Hunter was quiet when I finished my story.  "They're rotten clear through," he reflected. "This administration is worse than the last, and it was a peach. There have been more suicides than I could count on my two hands, in the last ten years. I warn you--you'd be better out of this mess."  "What do you think about the eleven twenty-two?" I asked as he got up and buttoned his coat.  "Well, it might mean almost anything. It might be that many dollars, or the time a train starts, or it might be the eleventh and the twenty-second letters of the alphabet--k--v."  "K--v!" I repeated, "Why that would be the Latin _cave_--beware."  Hunter smiled cheerfully.  "You'd better stick to the law, Mr. Knox," he said from the door. "We don't use Latin in the detective business."      Plattsburg was not the name of the capital, but it will do for this story. The state doesn't matter either. You may take your choice, like the story Mark Twain wrote, with all kinds of weather at the beginning, so the reader could take his pick.  We will say that my home city is Manchester. I live with my married brother, his wife and two boys. Fred is older than I am, and he is an exceptional brother. On the day he came home from his wedding trip, I went down with my traps on a hansom, in accordance with a prearranged schedule. Fred and Edith met me inside the door.  "Here's your latch-key, Jack," Fred said, as he shook hands. "Only one stipulation--remember we are strangers in the vicinity and try to get home before the neighbors are up. We have our reputations to think of."  "There is no hour for breakfast," Edith said, as she kissed me. "You have a bath of your own, and don't smoke in the drawing-room."  Fred was always a lucky devil.  I had been there now for six years. I had helped to raise two young Knoxes--bully youngsters, too: the oldest one could use boxing-gloves when he was four--and the finest collie pup in our end of the state. I wanted to raise other things--the boys liked pets--but Edith was like all women, she didn't care for animals.  I had a rabbit-hutch built and stocked in the laundry, and a dove-cote on the roof. I used the general bath, and gave up my tub to a young alligator I got in Florida, and every Sunday the youngsters and I had a great time trying to teach it to do tricks. I have always taken it a little hard that Edith took advantage of my getting the measles from Billy, to clear out every animal in the house. She broke the news to me gently, the day the rash began to fade, maintaining that, having lost one cook through the alligator escaping from his tub and being mistaken, in the gloom of the back-stairs, for a rubber boot, and picked up under the same misapprehension, she could not risk another cook.  On the day that Margery Fleming came to me about her father, I went home in a state of mixed emotion. Dinner was not a quiet meal: Fred and I talked politics, generally, and as Fred was on one side and I on the other there was always an argument on.  "What about Fleming?" I asked at last, when Fred had declared that in these days of corruption, no matter what the government was, he was "forninst" it. "Hasn't he been frightened into reform?"  "Bad egg," he said, jabbing his potato as if it had been a politician, "and there's no way to improve a bad egg except to hold your nose. That's what the public is doing; holding its nose."  "Hasn't he a daughter?" I asked casually.  "Yes--a lovely girl, too," Edith assented. "It is his only redeeming quality."  "Fleming is a rascal, daughter or no daughter," Fred persisted. "Ever since he and his gang got poor Butler into trouble and then left him to kill himself as the only way out, I have felt that there was something coming to all of them--Hansen, Schwartz and the rest. I saw Fleming on the street to-day."  "What!" I exclaimed, almost jumping out of my chair.  Fred surveyed me quizzically over his coffee cup.  "'Hasn't he a daughter!'" he quoted. "Yes, I saw him, Jack, this very day, in an unromantic four-wheeler, and he was swearing at a policeman."  "Where was it?"  "Chestnut and Union. His cab had been struck by a car, and badly damaged, but the gentleman refused to get out. No doubt you could get the details from the corner-man."  "Look here, Fred," I said earnestly. "Keep that to yourself, will you? And you too, Edith? It's a queer story, and I'll tell you sometime."  As we left the dining-room Edith put her hand on my shoulder.  "Don't get mixed up with those people, Jack," she advised. "Margery's a dear girl, but her father practically killed Henry Butler, and Henry Butler married my cousin."  "You needn't make it a family affair," I protested. "I have only seen the girl once."  But Edith smiled. "I know what I know," she said. "How extravagant of you to send Bobby that enormous hobby-horse!"  "The boy has to learn to ride sometime. In four years he can have a pony, and I'm going to see that he has it. He'll be eight by that time."  Edith laughed.  "In four years!" she said, "Why, in four years you'll--" then she stopped.  "I'll what?" I demanded, blocking the door to the library.  "You'll be forty, Jack, and it's a mighty unattractive man who gets past forty without being sought and won by some woman. You'll be buying--"  "I will be thirty-nine," I said with dignity, "and as far as being sought and won goes, I am so overwhelmed by Fred's misery that I don't intend to marry at all. If I do--_if I do_--it will be to some girl who turns and runs the other way every time she sees me."  "The oldest trick in the box," Edith scoffed. "What's that thing Fred's always quoting: 'A woman is like a shadow; follow her, she flies; fly from her, she follows.'"  "Upon my word!" I said indignantly. "And you are a woman!"  "I'm different," she retorted. "I'm only a wife and mother."  In the library Fred got up from his desk and gathered up his papers. "I can't think with you two whispering there," he said, "I'm going to the den."  As he slammed the door into his workroom Edith picked up her skirts and scuttled after him.  "How dare you run away like that?" she called. "You promised me--" The door closed behind her.  I went over and spoke through the panels.  "'Follow her, she flies; fly from her, she follows'--oh, wife and mother!" I called.  "For Heaven's sake, Edith," Fred's voice rose irritably. "If you and Jack are going to talk all evening, go and sit on _his_ knee and let me alone. The way you two flirt under my nose is a scandal. Do you hear that, Jack?"  "Good night, Edith," I called, "I have left you a kiss on the upper left hand panel of the door. And I want to ask you one more question: what if I fly from the woman and she doesn't follow?"  "Thank your lucky stars," Fred called in a muffled voice, and I left them to themselves.  I had some work to do at the office, work that the interview with Hunter had interrupted, and half past eight that night found me at my desk. But my mind strayed from the papers before me. After a useless effort to concentrate, I gave it up as useless, and by ten o'clock I was on the street again, my evening wasted, the papers in the libel case of the _Star_ against the _Eagle_ untouched on my desk, and I the victim of an uneasy apprehension that took me, almost without volition, to the neighborhood of the Fleming house on Monmouth Avenue. For it had occurred to me that Miss Fleming might not have left the house that day as she had promised, might still be there, liable to another intrusion by the mysterious individual who had a key to the house.  It was a relief, consequently, when I reached its corner, to find no lights in the building. The girl had kept her word. Assured of that, I looked at the house curiously. It was one of the largest in the city, not wide, but running far back along the side street; a small yard with a low iron fence and a garage, completed the property. The street lights left the back of the house in shadow, and as I stopped in the shelter of the garage, I was positive that I heard some one working with a rear window of the empty house. A moment later the sounds ceased and muffled footsteps came down the cement walk. The intruder made no attempt to open the iron gate; against the light I saw him put a leg over the low fence, follow it up with the other, and start up the street, still with peculiar noiselessness of stride. He was a short, heavy-shouldered fellow in a cap, and his silhouette showed a prodigious length of arm.  I followed, I don't mind saying in some excitement. I had a vision of grabbing him from behind and leading him--or pushing him, under the circumstances, in triumph to the police station, and another mental picture, not so pleasant, of being found on the pavement by some passer-by, with a small punctuation mark ending my sentence of life. But I was not apprehensive. I even remember wondering humorously if I should overtake him and press the cold end of my silver mounted fountain pen into the nape of his neck, if he would throw up his hands and surrender. I had read somewhere of a burglar held up in a similar way with a shoe-horn.  Our pace was easy. Once the man just ahead stopped and lighted a cigarette, and the odor of a very fair Turkish tobacco came back to me. He glanced back over his shoulder at me and went on without quickening his pace. We met no policemen, and after perhaps five minutes walking, when the strain was growing tense, my gentleman of the rubber-soled shoes swung abruptly to the left, and--entered the police station!  I had occasion to see Davidson many times after that, during the strange development of the Fleming case; I had the peculiar experience later of having him follow me as I had trailed him that night, and I had occasion once to test the strength of his long arms when he helped to thrust me through the transom at the White Cat, but I never met him without a recurrence of the sheepish feeling with which I watched him swagger up to the night sergeant and fall into easy conversation with the man behind the desk. Standing in the glare from the open window, I had much the lost pride and self contempt of a wet cat sitting in the sun.  Two or three roundsmen were sitting against the wall, lazily, helmets off and coats open against the warmth of the early spring night. In a back room others were playing checkers and disputing noisily. Davidson's voice came distinctly through the open windows.  "The house is closed," he reported. "But one of the basement windows isn't shuttered and the lock is bad. I couldn't find Shields. He'd better keep an eye on it." He stopped and fished in his pockets with a grin. "This was tied to the knob of the kitchen door," he said, raising his voice for the benefit of the room, and holding aloft a piece of paper. "For Shields!" he explained, "and signed 'Delia.'"  The men gathered around him, even the sergeant got up and leaned forward, his elbows on his desk.  "Read it," he said lazily. "Shields has got a wife; and her name ain't Delia."  "Dear Tom," Davidson read, in a mincing falsetto, "We are closing up unexpected, so I won't be here to-night. I am going to Mamie Brennan's and if you want to talk to me you can get me by calling up Anderson's drug-store. The clerk is a gentleman friend of mine. Mr. Carter, the butler, told me before he left he would get me a place as parlor maid, so I'll have another situation soon. Delia."  The sergeant scowled. "I'm goin' to talk to Tom," he said, reaching out for the note. "He's got a nice family, and things like that're bad for the force."  I lighted the cigar, which had been my excuse for loitering on the pavement, and went on. It sounded involved for a novice, but if I could find Anderson's drug-store I could find Mamie Brennan; through Mamie Brennan I would get Delia; and through Delia I might find Carter. I was vague from that point, but what Miss Fleming had said of Carter had made me suspicious of him. Under an arc light I made the first note in my new business of man-hunter and it was something like this:  Anderson's drug-store.  Ask for Mamie Brennan.  Find Delia.  Advise Delia that a policeman with a family is a bad bet.  Locate Carter.  It was late when I reached the corner of Chestnut and Union Streets, where Fred had said Allan Fleming had come to grief in a cab. But the corner-man had gone, and the night man on the beat knew nothing, of course, of any particular collision.  "There's plinty of 'em every day at this corner," he said cheerfully. "The department sinds a wagon here every night to gather up the pieces, autymobiles mainly. That trolley pole over there has been sliced off clean three times in the last month. They say a fellow ain't a graduate of the autymobile school till he can go around it on the sidewalk without hittin' it!"  I left him looking reminiscently at the pole, and went home to bed. I had made no headway, I had lost conceit with myself and a day and evening at the office, and I had gained the certainty that Margery Fleming was safe in Bellwood and the uncertain address of a servant who _might_ know something about Mr. Fleming.  I was still awake at one o'clock and I got up impatiently and consulted the telephone directory. There were twelve Andersons in the city who conducted drug-stores.  When I finally went to sleep, I dreamed that I was driving Margery Fleming along a street in a broken taxicab, and that all the buildings were pharmacies and numbered eleven twenty-two.      After such a night I slept late. Edith still kept her honeymoon promise of no breakfast hour and she had gone out with Fred when I came down-stairs.  I have a great admiration for Edith, for her tolerance with my uncertain hours, for her cheery breakfast-room, and the smiling good nature of the servants she engages. I have a theory that, show me a sullen servant and I will show you a sullen mistress, although Edith herself disclaims all responsibility and lays credit for the smile with which Katie brings in my eggs and coffee, to largess on my part. Be that as it may, Katie is a smiling and personable young woman, and I am convinced that had she picked up the alligator on the back-stairs and lost part of the end of her thumb, she would have told Edith that she cut it off with the bread knife, and thus have saved to us Bessie the Beloved and her fascinating trick of taking the end of her tail in her mouth and spinning.  On that particular morning, Katie also brought me a letter, and I recognized the cramped and rather uncertain writing of Miss Jane Maitland.       "DEAR MR. KNOX:       "Sister Letitia wishes me to ask you if you can dine with us      to-night, informally. She has changed her mind in regard to the      Colored Orphans' Home, and would like to consult you about it.      "Very truly yours,      "SUSAN JANE MAITLAND."  It was a very commonplace note: I had had one like it after every board-meeting of the orphans' home, Miss Maitland being on principle an aggressive minority. Also, having considerable mind, changing it became almost as ponderous an operation as moving a barn, although not nearly so stable.  (Fred accuses me here of a very bad pun, and reminds me, quite undeservedly, that the pun is the lowest form of humor.)  I came across Miss Jane's letter the other day, when I was gathering the material for this narrative, and I sat for a time with it in my hand thinking over again the chain of events in which it had been the first link, a series of strange happenings that began with my acceptance of the invitation, and that led through ways as dark and tricks as vain as Bret Harte's Heathen Chinee ever dreamed of, to the final scene at the White Cat. With the letter I had filed away a half dozen articles and I ranged them all on the desk in front of me: the letter, the bit of paper with eleven twenty-two on it, that Margery gave me the first time I saw her; a note-book filled with jerky characters that looked like Arabic and were newspaper shorthand; a railroad schedule; a bullet, the latter slightly flattened; a cube-shaped piece of chalk which I put back in its box with a shudder, and labeled 'poison,' and a small gold buckle from a slipper, which I--at which I did not shudder.  I did not need to make the climaxes of my story. They lay before me.  I walked to the office that morning, and on the way I found and interviewed the corner-man at Chestnut and Union. But he was of small assistance. He remembered the incident, but the gentleman in the taxicab had not been hurt and refused to give his name, saying he was merely passing through the city from one railroad station to another, and did not wish any notoriety.  At eleven o'clock Hunter called up; he said he was going after the affair himself, but that it was hard to stick a dip net into the political puddle without pulling out a lot more than you went after, or than it was healthy to get. He was inclined to be facetious, and wanted to know if I had come across any more k. v's. Whereupon I put away the notes I had made about Delia and Mamie Brennan and I heard him chuckle as I rang off.  I went to Bellwood that evening. It was a suburban town a dozen miles from the city, with a picturesque station, surrounded by lawns and cement walks. Street-cars had so far failed to spoil its tree-bordered streets, and it was exclusive to the point of stagnation. The Maitland place was at the head of the main street, which had at one time been its drive. Miss Letitia, who was seventy, had had sufficient commercial instinct, some years before, to cut her ancestral acres--_their_ ancestral acres, although Miss Jane hardly counted--into building lots, except perhaps an acre which surrounded the house. Thus, the Maitland ladies were reputed to be extremely wealthy. And as they never spent any money, no doubt they were.  The homestead as I knew it, was one of impeccable housekeeping and unmitigated gloom. There was a chill that rushed from the old-fashioned center hall to greet the new-comer on the porch, and that seemed to freeze up whatever in him was spontaneous and cheerful. "It's not a ghost," I said decidedly.  "If it was a ghost it wouldn't rap: it would come through the keyhole."  Liddy looked at the keyhole. "But it sounds very much as though some one is trying to break into the house."  Liddy was shivering violently.  I told her to get me my slippers and she brought me a pair of kid gloves, so I found my things myself, and prepared to call Halsey.  As before, the night alarm had found the electric lights gone: the hall, save for its night lamp, was in darkness, as I went across to Halsey's room.  I hardly know what I feared, but it was a relief to find him there, very sound asleep, and with his door unlocked.  "Wake up, Halsey," I said, shaking him.  He stirred a little.  Liddy was half in and half out of the door, afraid as usual to be left alone, and not quite daring to enter. Her scruples seemed to fade, however, all at once.  She gave a suppressed yell, bolted into the room, and stood tightly clutching the foot-board of the bed.  Halsey was gradually waking.  "I've seen it," Liddy wailed.  "A woman in white down the hall!"  I paid no attention.  "Halsey," I persevered, "some one is breaking into the house. Get up, won't you?"  "It isn't our house," he said sleepily.  And then he roused to the exigency of the occasion.  "All right, Aunt Ray," he said, still yawning.  "If you'll let me get into something--"  It was all I could do to get Liddy out of the room.  The demands of the occasion had no influence on her: she had seen the ghost, she persisted, and she wasn't going into the hall.  But I got her over to my room at last, more dead than alive, and made her lie down on the bed.  The tappings, which seemed to have ceased for a while, had commenced again, but they were fainter.  Halsey came over in a few minutes, and stood listening and trying to locate the sound.  "Give me my revolver, Aunt Ray," he said; and I got it--the one I had found in the tulip bed--and gave it to him.  He saw Liddy there and divined at once that Louise was alone.  "You let me attend to this fellow, whoever it is, Aunt Ray, and go to Louise, will you?  She may be awake and alarmed."  So in spite of her protests, I left Liddy alone and went back to the east wing.  Perhaps I went a little faster past the yawning blackness of the circular staircase; and I could hear Halsey creaking cautiously down the main staircase.  The rapping, or pounding, had ceased, and the silence was almost painful. And then suddenly, from apparently under my very feet, there rose a woman's scream, a cry of terror that broke off as suddenly as it came.  I stood frozen and still.  Every drop of blood in my body seemed to leave the surface and gather around my heart.  In the dead silence that followed it throbbed as if it would burst. More dead than alive, I stumbled into Louise's bedroom.  She was not there!     I stood looking at the empty bed.  The coverings had been thrown back, and Louise's pink silk dressing-gown was gone from the foot, where it had lain.  The night lamp burned dimly, revealing the emptiness of the place.  I picked it up, but my hand shook so that I put it down again, and got somehow to the door.  There were voices in the hall and Gertrude came running toward me.  "What is it?" she cried.  "What was that sound?  Where is Louise?"  "She is not in her room," I said stupidly.  "I think--it was she--who screamed."  Liddy had joined us now, carrying a light.  We stood huddled together at the head of the circular staircase, looking down into its shadows. There was nothing to be seen, and it was absolutely quiet down there. Then we heard Halsey running up the main staircase.  He came quickly down the hall to where we were standing.  "There's no one trying to get in.  I thought I heard some one shriek. Who was it?"  Our stricken faces told him the truth.  "Some one screamed down there," I said.  "And--and Louise is not in her room."  With a jerk Halsey took the light from Liddy and ran down the circular staircase.  I followed him, more slowly.  My nerves seemed to be in a state of paralysis:  I could scarcely step.  At the foot of the stairs Halsey gave an exclamation and put down the light.  "Aunt Ray," he called sharply.  At the foot of the staircase, huddled in a heap, her head on the lower stair, was Louise Armstrong.  She lay limp and white, her dressing-gown dragging loose from one sleeve of her night-dress, and the heavy braid of her dark hair stretching its length a couple of steps above her head, as if she had slipped down.  She was not dead: Halsey put her down on the floor, and began to rub her cold hands, while Gertrude and Liddy ran for stimulants. As for me, I sat there at the foot of that ghostly staircase--sat, because my knees wouldn't hold me--and wondered where it would all end.  Louise was still unconscious, but she was breathing better, and I suggested that we get her back to bed before she came to.  There was something grisly and horrible to me, seeing her there in almost the same attitude and in the same place where we had found her brother's body.  And to add to the similarity, just then the hall clock, far off, struck faintly three o'clock.  It was four before Louise was able to talk, and the first rays of dawn were coming through her windows, which faced the east, before she could tell us coherently what had occurred.  I give it as she told it.  She lay propped in bed, and Halsey sat beside her, unrebuffed, and held her hand while she talked.  "I was not sleeping well," she began, "partly, I think, because I had slept during the afternoon.  Liddy brought me some hot milk at ten o'clock and I slept until twelve.  Then I wakened and--I got to thinking about things, and worrying, so I could not go to sleep.  "I was wondering why I had not heard from Arnold since the--since I saw him that night at the lodge.  I was afraid he was ill, because--he was to have done something for me, and he had not come back.  It must have been three when I heard some one rapping.  I sat up and listened, to be quite sure, and the rapping kept up.  It was cautious, and I was about to call Liddy.  "Then suddenly I thought I knew what it was.  The east entrance and the circular staircase were always used by Arnold when he was out late, and sometimes, when he forgot his key, he would rap and I would go down and let him in.  I thought he had come back to see me--I didn't think about the time, for his hours were always erratic.  But I was afraid I was too weak to get down the stairs.  "The knocking kept up, and just as I was about to call Liddy, she ran through the room and out into the hall.  I got up then, feeling weak and dizzy, and put on my dressing-gown.  If it was Arnold, I knew I must see him.  "It was very dark everywhere, but, of course, I knew my way.  I felt along for the stair-rail, and went down as quickly as I could.  The knocking had stopped, and I was afraid I was too late.  I got to the foot of the staircase and over to the door on to the east veranda.  I had never thought of anything but that it was Arnold, until I reached the door.  It was unlocked and opened about an inch.  Everything was black: it was perfectly dark outside.  I felt very queer and shaky. Then I thought perhaps Arnold had used his key; he did--strange things sometimes, and I turned around.  Just as I reached the foot of the staircase I thought I heard some one coming.  My nerves were going anyhow, there in the dark, and I could scarcely stand.  I got up as far as the third or fourth step; then I felt that some one was coming toward me on the staircase.  The next instant a hand met mine on the stair-rail.  Some one brushed past me, and I screamed.  Then I must have fainted."  That was Louise's story.  There could be no doubt of its truth, and the thing that made it inexpressibly awful to me was that the poor girl had crept down to answer the summons of a brother who would never need her kindly offices again.  Twice now, without apparent cause, some one had entered the house by means of the east entrance: had apparently gone his way unhindered through the house, and gone out again as he had entered.  Had this unknown visitor been there a third time, the night Arnold Armstrong was murdered?  Or a fourth, the time Mr. Jamieson had locked some one in the clothes chute?  Sleep was impossible, I think, for any of us.  We dispersed finally to bathe and dress, leaving Louise little the worse for her experience. But I determined that before the day was over she must know the true state of affairs.  Another decision I made, and I put it into execution immediately after breakfast.  I had one of the unused bedrooms in the east wing, back along the small corridor, prepared for occupancy, and from that time on, Alex, the gardener, slept there.  One man in that barn of a house was an absurdity, with things happening all the time, and I must say that Alex was as unobjectionable as any one could possibly have been.  The next morning, also, Halsey and I made an exhaustive examination of the circular staircase, the small entry at its foot, and the card-room opening from it.  There was no evidence of anything unusual the night before, and had we not ourselves heard the rapping noises, I should have felt that Louise's imagination had run away with her.  The outer door was closed and locked, and the staircase curved above us, for all the world like any other staircase.  Halsey, who had never taken seriously my account of the night Liddy and I were there alone, was grave enough now.  He examined the paneling of the wainscoting above and below the stairs, evidently looking for a secret door, and suddenly there flashed into my mind the recollection of a scrap of paper that Mr. Jamieson had found among Arnold Armstrong's effects.  As nearly as possible I repeated its contents to him, while Halsey took them down in a note-book.  "I wish you had told me that before," he said, as he put the memorandum carefully away.  We found nothing at all in the house, and I expected little from any examination of the porch and grounds.  But as we opened the outer door something fell into the entry with a clatter.  It was a cue from the billiard-room.  Halsey picked it up with an exclamation.  "That's careless enough," he said.  "Some of the servants have been amusing themselves."  I was far from convinced.  Not one of the servants would go into that wing at night unless driven by dire necessity.  And a billiard cue!  As a weapon of either offense or defense it was an absurdity, unless one accepted Liddy's hypothesis of a ghost, and even then, as Halsey pointed out, a billiard-playing ghost would be a very modern evolution of an ancient institution.  That afternoon we, Gertrude, Halsey and I, attended the coroner's inquest in town.  Doctor Stewart had been summoned also, it transpiring that in that early Sunday morning, when Gertrude and I had gone to our rooms, he had been called to view the body.  We went, the four of us, in the machine, preferring the execrable roads to the matinee train, with half of Casanova staring at us. And on the way we decided to say nothing of Louise and her interview with her stepbrother the night he died.  The girl was in trouble enough as it was.     In giving the gist of what happened at the inquest, I have only one excuse--to recall to the reader the events of the night of Arnold Armstrong's murder.  Many things had occurred which were not brought out at the inquest and some things were told there that were new to me. Altogether, it was a gloomy affair, and the six men in the corner, who constituted the coroner's jury, were evidently the merest puppets in the hands of that all-powerful gentleman, the coroner.  Gertrude and I sat well back, with our veils down.  There were a number of people I knew: Barbara Fitzhugh, in extravagant mourning--she always went into black on the slightest provocation, because it was becoming--and Mr. Jarvis, the man who had come over from the Greenwood Club the night of the murder.  Mr. Harton was there, too, looking impatient as the inquest dragged, but alive to every particle of evidence. From a corner Mr. Jamieson was watching the proceedings intently.  Doctor Stewart was called first.  His evidence was told briefly, and amounted to this: on the Sunday morning previous, at a quarter before five, he had been called to the telephone.  The message was from a Mr. Jarvis, who asked him to come at once to Sunnyside, as there had been an accident there, and Mr. Arnold Armstrong had been shot.  He had dressed hastily, gathered up some instruments, and driven to Sunnyside.  He was met by Mr. Jarvis, who took him at once to the east wing. There, just as he had fallen, was the body of Arnold Armstrong. There was no need of the instruments: the man was dead.  In answer to the coroner's question--no, the body had not been moved, save to turn it over.  It lay at the foot of the circular staircase.  Yes, he believed death had been instantaneous.  The body was still somewhat warm and rigor mortis had not set in. It occurred late in cases of sudden death.  No, he believed the probability of suicide might be eliminated; the wounds could have been self-inflicted, but with difficulty, and there had been no weapon found.  The doctor's examination was over, but he hesitated and cleared his throat.  "Mr. Coroner," he said, "at the risk of taking up valuable time, I would like to speak of an incident that may or may not throw some light on this matter."  The audience was alert at once.  "Kindly proceed, Doctor," the coroner said.  "My home is in Englewood, two miles from Casanova," the doctor began. "In the absence of Doctor Walker, a number of Casanova people have been consulting me.  A month ago--five weeks, to be exact--a woman whom I had never seen came to my office.  She was in deep mourning and kept her veil down, and she brought for examination a child, a boy of six. The little fellow was ill; it looked like typhoid, and the mother was frantic.  She wanted a permit to admit the youngster to the Children's Hospital in town here, where I am a member of the staff, and I gave her one.  The incident would have escaped me, but for a curious thing.  Two days before Mr. Armstrong was shot, I was sent for to go to the Country Club: some one had been struck with a golf-ball that had gone wild.  It was late when I left--I was on foot, and about a mile from the club, on the Claysburg road, I met two people.  They were disputing violently, and I had no difficulty in recognizing Mr. Armstrong.  The woman, beyond doubt, was the one who had consulted me about the child."  At this hint of scandal, Mrs. Ogden Fitzhugh sat up very straight. Jamieson was looking slightly skeptical, and the coroner made a note.  "The Children's Hospital, you say, Doctor?" he asked.  "Yes.  But the child, who was entered as Lucien Wallace, was taken away by his mother two weeks ago.  I have tried to trace them and failed."  All at once I remembered the telegram sent to Louise by some one signed F. L. W.--presumably Doctor Walker.  Could this veiled woman be the Nina Carrington of the message?  But it was only idle speculation.  I had no way of finding out, and the inquest was proceeding.  The report of the coroner's physician came next.  The post-mortem examination showed that the bullet had entered the chest in the fourth left intercostal space and had taken an oblique course downward and backward, piercing both the heart and lungs. The left lung was collapsed, and the exit point of the ball had been found in the muscles of the back to the left of the spinal column.  It was improbable that such a wound had been self-inflicted, and its oblique downward course pointed to the fact that the shot had been fired from above.  In other words, as the murdered man had been found dead at the foot of a staircase, it was probable that the shot had been fired by some one higher up on the stairs.  There were no marks of powder.  The bullet, a thirty-eight caliber, had been found in the dead man's clothing, and was shown to the jury.  Mr. Jarvis was called next, but his testimony amounted to little.  He had been summoned by telephone to Sunnyside, had come over at once with the steward and Mr. Winthrop, at present out of town. They had been admitted by the housekeeper, and had found the body lying at the foot of the staircase.  He had made a search for a weapon, but there was none around.  The outer entry door in the east wing had been unfastened and was open about an inch.  I had been growing more and more nervous.  When the coroner called Mr. John Bailey, the room was filled with suppressed excitement.  Mr. Jamieson went forward and spoke a few words to the coroner, who nodded. Then Halsey was called.  "Mr. Innes," the coroner said, "will you tell under what circumstances you saw Mr. Arnold Armstrong the night he died?"  "I saw him first at the Country Club," Halsey said quietly.  He was rather pale, but very composed.  "I stopped there with my automobile for gasolene.  Mr. Armstrong had been playing cards. When I saw him there, he was coming out of the card-room, talking to Mr. John Bailey."  "The nature of the discussion--was it amicable?"  Halsey hesitated.  "They were having a dispute," he said.  "I asked Mr. Bailey to leave the club with me and come to Sunnyside over Sunday."  "Isn't it a fact, Mr. Innes, that you took Mr. Bailey away from the club-house because you were afraid there would be blows?"  "The situation was unpleasant," Halsey said evasively.  "At that time had you any suspicion that the Traders' Bank had been wrecked?"  "No."  "What occurred next?"  "Mr. Bailey and I talked in the billiard-room until two-thirty."  "And Mr. Arnold Armstrong came there, while you were talking?"  "Yes.  He came about half-past two.  He rapped at the east door, and I admitted him."  The silence in the room was intense.  Mr. Jamieson's eyes never left Halsey's face.  "Will you tell us the nature of his errand?"  "He brought a telegram that had come to the club for Mr. Bailey."  "He was sober?"  "Perfectly, at that time.  Not earlier."  "Was not his apparent friendliness a change from his former attitude?"  "Yes.  I did not understand it."  "How long did he stay?"  "About five minutes.  Then he left, by the east entrance."  "What occurred then?"  "We talked for a few minutes, discussing a plan Mr. Bailey had in mind. Then I went to the stables, where I kept my car, and got it out."  "Leaving Mr. Bailey alone in the billiard-room?"  Halsey hesitated.  "My sister was there?"  Mrs. Ogden Fitzhugh had the courage to turn and eye Gertrude through her lorgnon.  "And then?"  "I took the car along the lower road, not to disturb the household. Mr. Bailey came down across the lawn, through the hedge, and got into the car on the road."  "Then you know nothing of Mr. Armstrong's movements after he left the house?"  "Nothing.  I read of his death Monday evening for the first time."  "Mr. Bailey did not see him on his way across the lawn?" "I'm doing it again: I don't seem to be able to help it. These are Granger's that I have on now."  She threw back her head and laughed again, joyously, this time.  "Oh, it's so ridiculous," she said, "and you have never seen me when I was not eating! It's too prosaic!"  "Which reminds me that the chicken is getting cold, and the ice warm,"  I suggested. "At the time, I thought there could be no place better than the farmhouse kitchen--but this is. I ordered all this for something I want to say to you--the sea, the sand, the stars."  "How alliterative you are!" she said, trying to be flippant. "You are not to say anything until I have had my supper. Look how the things are spilled around!"  But she ate nothing, after all, and pretty soon I put the tray down in the sand. I said little; there was no hurry. We were together, and time meant nothing against that age-long wash of the sea. The air blew her hair in small damp curls against her face, and little by little the tide retreated, leaving our boat an oasis in a waste of gray sand.    "If seven maids with seven mops swept it for half a year   Do you suppose, the walrus said, that they could get it clear?"  she threw at me once when she must have known I was going to speak. I held her hand, and as long as I merely held it she let it lie warm in mine. But when I raised it to my lips, and kissed the soft, open palm, she drew it away without displeasure.  "Not that, please," she protested, and fell to whistling softly again, her chin in her hands. "I can't sing," she said, to break an awkward pause, "and so, when I'm fidgety, or have something on my mind, I whistle. I hope you don't dislike it?"  "I love it," I asserted warmly. I did; when she pursed her lips like that I was mad to kiss them.  "I saw you--at the station," she said, suddenly. "You--you were in a hurry to go." I did not say anything, and after a pause she drew a long breath. "Men are queer, aren't they?" she said, and fell to whistling again.  After a while she sat up as if she had made a resolution. "I am going to confess something," she announced suddenly. "You said, you know, that you had ordered all this for something you--you wanted to say to me. But the fact is, I fixed it all--came here, I mean, because--I knew you would come, and I had something to tell you. It was such a miserable thing I--needed the accessories to help me out."  "I don't want to hear anything that distresses you to tell," I assured her. "I didn't come here to force your confidence, Alison. I came because I couldn't help it." She did not object to my use of her name.  "Have you found--your papers?" she asked, looking directly at me for almost the first time.  "Not yet. We hope to."  "The--police have not interfered with you?"  "They haven't had any opportunity," I equivocated. "You needn't distress yourself about that, anyhow."  "But I do. I wonder why you still believe in me? Nobody else does."  "I wonder," I repeated, "why I do!"  "If you produce Harry Sullivan," she was saying, partly to herself, "and if you could connect him with Mr. Bronson, and get a full account of why he was on the train, and all that, it--it would help, wouldn't it?"  I acknowledged that it would. Now that the whole truth was almost in my possession, I was stricken with the old cowardice. I did not want to know what she might tell me. The yellow line on the horizon, where the moon was coming up, was a broken bit of golden chain: my heel in the sand was again pressed on a woman's yielding fingers: I pulled myself together with a jerk.  "In order that what you might tell me may help me, if it will," I said constrainedly, "it would be necessary, perhaps, that you tell it to the police. Since they have found the end of the necklace--"  "The end of the necklace!" she repeated slowly. "What about the end of the necklace?"  I stared at her. "Don't you remember"--I leaned forward--"the end of the cameo necklace, the part that was broken off, and was found in the black sealskin bag, stained with--with blood?"  "Blood," she said dully. "You mean that you found the broken end? And then--you had my gold pocket-book, and you saw the necklace in it, and you--must have thought--"  "I didn't think anything," I hastened to assure her. "I tell you, Alison, I never thought of anything but that you were unhappy, and that I had no right to help you. God knows, I thought you didn't want me to help you."  She held out her hand to me and I took it between both of mine. No word of love had passed between us, but I felt that she knew and understood. It was one of the moments that come seldom in a lifetime, and then only in great crises, a moment of perfect understanding and trust.  Then she drew her hand away and sat, erect and determined, her fingers laced in her lap. As she talked the moon came up slowly and threw its bright pathway across the water. Back of us, in the trees beyond the sea wall, a sleepy bird chirruped drowsily, and a wave, larger and bolder than its brothers, sped up the sand, bringing the moon's silver to our very feet. I bent toward the girl.  "I am going to ask just one question."  "Anything you like." Her voice was almost dreary. "Was it because of anything you are going to tell me that you refused Richey?"  She drew her breath in sharply.  "No," she said, without looking at me. "No. That was not the reason."       She told her story evenly, with her eyes on the water, only now and then, when I, too, sat looking seaward, I thought she glanced at me furtively. And once, in the middle of it, she stopped altogether.  "You don't realize it, probably," she protested, "but you look like a--a war god. Your face is horrible."  "I will turn my back, if it will help any," I said stormily, "but if you expect me to look anything but murderous, why, you don't know what I am going through with. That's all."  The story of her meeting with the Curtis woman was brief enough. They had met in Rome first, where Alison and her mother had taken a villa for a year. Mrs. Curtis had hovered on the ragged edges of society there, pleading the poverty of the south since the war as a reason for not going out more. There was talk of a brother, but Alison had not seen him, and after a scandal which implicated Mrs. Curtis and a young attache of the Austrian embassy, Alison had been forbidden to see the woman.  "The women had never liked her, anyhow," she said. "She did unconventional things, and they are very conventional there. And they said she did not always pay her--her gambling debts. I didn't like them. I thought they didn't like her because she was poor--and popular. Then--we came home, and I almost forgot her, but last spring, when mother was not well--she had taken grandfather to the Riviera, and it always uses her up--we went to Virginia Hot Springs, and we met them there, the brother, too, this time. His name was Sullivan, Harry Pinckney Sullivan."  "I know. Go on."  "Mother had a nurse, and I was alone a great deal, and they were very kind to me. I--I saw a lot of them. The brother rather attracted me, partly--partly because he did not make love to me. He even seemed to avoid me, and I was piqued. I had been spoiled, I suppose. Most of the other men I knew had--had--"  "I know that, too," I said bitterly, and moved away from her a trifle. I was brutal, but the whole story was a long torture. I think she knew what I was suffering, for she showed no resentment.  "It was early and there were few people around--none that I cared about. And mother and the nurse played cribbage eternally, until I felt as though the little pegs were driven into my brain. And when Mrs. Curtis arranged drives and picnics, I--I slipped away and went. I suppose you won't believe me, but I had never done that kind of thing before, and I--well, I have paid up, I think."  "What sort of looking chap was Sullivan?" I demanded. I had got up and was pacing back and forward on the sand. I remember kicking savagely at a bit of water-soaked board that lay in my way.  "Very handsome--as large as you are, but fair, and even more erect."  I drew my shoulders up sharply. I am straight enough, but I was fairly sagging with jealous rage.  "When mother began to get around, somebody told her that I had been going about with Mrs. Curtis and her brother, and we had a dreadful time. I was dragged home like a bad child. Did anybody ever do that to you?"  "Nobody ever cared. I was born an orphan," I said, with a cheerless attempt at levity. "Go on."  "If Mrs. Curtis knew, she never said anything. She wrote me charming letters, and in the summer, when they went to Cresson, she asked me to visit her there. I was too proud to let her know that I could not go where I wished, and so--I sent Polly, my maid, to her aunt's in the country, pretended to go to Seal Harbor, and really went to Cresson. You see I warned you it would be an unpleasant story."  I went over and stood in front of her. All the accumulated jealousy of the last few weeks had been fired by what she told me. If Sullivan had come across the sands just then, I think I would have strangled him with my hands, out of pure hate.  "Did you marry him?" I demanded. My voice sounded hoarse and strange in my ears. "That's all I want to know. Did you marry him?"  "No."  I drew a long breath.  "You--cared about him?"  She hesitated.  "No," she said finally. "I did not care about him."  I sat down on the edge of the boat and mopped my hot face. I was heartily ashamed of myself, and mingled with my abasement was a great relief. If she had not married him, and had not cared for him, nothing else was of any importance.  "I was sorry, of course, the moment the train had started, but I had wired I was coming, and I could not go back, and then when I got there, the place was charming. There were no neighbors, but we fished and rode and motored, and--it was moonlight, like this."  I put my hand over both of hers, clasped in her lap. "I know," I acknowledged repentantly, "and--people do queer things when it is moonlight. The moon has got me to-night, Alison. If I am a boor, remember that, won't you?"  Her fingers lay quiet under mine. "And so," she went on with a little sigh, "I began to think perhaps I cared. But all the time I felt that there was something not quite right. Now and then Mrs. Curtis would say or do something that gave me a queer start, as if she had dropped a mask for a moment. And there was trouble with the servants; they were almost insolent. I couldn't understand. I don't know when it dawned on me that the old Baron Cavalcanti had been right when he said they were not my kind of people. But I wanted to get away, wanted it desperately."  "Of course, they were not your kind," I cried. "The man was married! The girl Jennie, a housemaid, was a spy in Mrs. Sullivan's employ. If he had pretended to marry you I would have killed him! Not only that, but the man he murdered, Harrington, was his wife's father. And I'll see him hang by the neck yet if it takes every energy and every penny I possess."  I could have told her so much more gently, have broken the shock for her; I have never been proud of that evening on the sand. I was alternately a boor and a ruffian--like a hurt youngster who passes the blow that has hurt him on to his playmate, that both may bawl together. And now Alison sat, white and cold, without speech.  "Married!" she said finally, in a small voice. "Why, I don't think it is possible, is it? I--I was on my way to Baltimore to marry him myself, when the wreck came."  "But you said you didn't care for him!" I protested, my heavy masculine mind unable to jump the gaps in her story. And then, without the slightest warning, I realized that she was crying. She shook off my hand and fumbled for her handkerchief, and failing to find it, she accepted the one I thrust into her wet fingers.  Then, little by little, she told me from the handkerchief, a sordid story of a motor trip in the mountains without Mrs. Curtis, of a lost road and a broken car, and a rainy night when they--she and Sullivan, tramped eternally and did not get home. And of Mrs. Curtis, when they got home at dawn, suddenly grown conventional and deeply shocked. Of her own proud, half-disdainful consent to make possible the hackneyed compromising situation by marrying the rascal, and then--of his disappearance from the train. It was so terrible to her, such a Heaven-sent relief to me, in spite of my rage against Sullivan, that I laughed aloud. At which she looked at me over the handkerchief.  "I know it's funny," she said, with a catch in her breath. "When I think that I nearly married a murderer--and didn't--I cry for sheer joy." Then she buried her face and cried again.  "Please don't," I protested unsteadily. "I won't be responsible if you keep on crying like that. I may forget that I have a capital charge hanging over my head, and that I may be arrested at any moment."  That brought her out of the handkerchief at once. "I meant to be so helpful," she said, "and I've thought of nothing but myself! There were some things I meant to tell you. If Jennie was--what you say, then I understand why she came to me just before I left. She had been packing my things and she must have seen what condition I was in, for she came over to me when I was getting my wraps on, to leave, and said, 'Don't do it, Miss West, I beg you won't do it; you'll be sorry ever after.' And just then Mrs. Curtis came in and Jennie slipped out."  "That was all?"  "No. As we went through the station the telegraph operator gave Har--Mr. Sullivan a message. He read it on the platform, and it excited him terribly. He took his sister aside and they talked together. He was white with either fear or anger--I don't know which. Then, when we boarded the train, a woman in black, with beautiful hair, who was standing on the car platform, touched him on the arm and then drew back. He looked at her and glanced away again, but she reeled as if he had struck her."  "Then what?" The situation was growing clearer.  "Mrs. Curtis and I had the drawing-room. I had a dreadful night, just sleeping a little now and then. I dreaded to see dawn come. It was to be my wedding-day. When we found Harry had disappeared in the night, Mrs. Curtis was in a frenzy. Then--I saw his cigarette case in your hand. I had given it to him. You wore his clothes. The murder was discovered and you were accused of it! What could I do? And then, afterward, when I saw him asleep at the farmhouse, I--I was panic-stricken. I locked him in and ran. I didn't know why he did it, but--he had killed a man."  Some one was calling Alison through a megaphone, from the veranda. It sounded like Sam. "All-ee," he called. "All-ee! I'm going to have some anchovies on toast! All-ee!" Neither of us heard.  "I wonder," I reflected, "if you would be willing to repeat a part of that story--just from the telegram on--to a couple of detectives, say on Monday. If you would tell that, and--how the end of your necklace got into the sealskin bag--"  "My necklace!" she repeated. "But it isn't mine. I picked it up in the car."  "All-ee!" Sam again. "I see you down there. I'm making a julep!"  Alison turned and called through her hands. "Coming in a moment, Sam,"  she said, and rose. "It must be very late: Sam is home. We would better go back to the house."  "Don't," I begged her. "Anchovies and juleps and Sam will go on for ever, and I have you such a little time. I suppose I am only one of a dozen or so, but--you are the only girl in the world. You know I love you, don't you, dear?"  Sam was whistling, an irritating bird call, over and over. She pursed her red lips and answered him in kind. It was more than I could endure.  "Sam or no Sam," I said firmly, "I am going to kiss you!"  But Sam's voice came strident through the megaphone. "Be good, you two,"  he bellowed, "I've got the binoculars!" And so, under fire, we walked sedately back to the house. My pulses were throbbing--the little swish of her dress beside me on the grass was pain and ecstasy. I had but to put out my hand to touch her, and I dared not.  Sam, armed with a megaphone and field glasses, bent over the rail and watched us with gleeful malignity.  "Home early, aren't you?" Alison called, when we reached the steps.  "Led a club when my partner had doubled no-trumps, and she fainted. Damn the heart convention!" he said cheerfully. "The others are not here yet."  Three hours later I went up to bed. I had not seen Alison alone again. The noise was at its height below, and I glanced down into the garden, still bright in the moonlight. Leaning against a tree, and staring interestedly into the billiard room, was Johnson.       That was Saturday night, two weeks after the wreck. The previous five days had been full of swift-following events--the woman in the house next door, the picture in the theater of a man about to leap from the doomed train, the dinner at the Dallases', and Richey's discovery that Alison was the girl in the case. In quick succession had come our visit to the Carter place, the finding of the rest of the telegram, my seeing Alison there, and the strange interview with Mrs. Conway. The Cresson trip stood out in my memory for its serio-comic horrors and its one real thrill. Then--the discovery by the police of the seal-skin bag and the bit of chain; Hotchkiss producing triumphantly Stuart for Sullivan and his subsequent discomfiture; McKnight at the station with Alison, and later the confession that he was out of the running.  And yet, when I thought it all over, the entire week and its events were two sides of a triangle that was narrowing rapidly to an apex, a point. And the said apex was at that moment in the drive below my window, resting his long legs by sitting on a carriage block, and smoking a pipe that made the night hideous. The sense of the ridiculous is very close to the sense of tragedy. I opened my screen and whistled, and Johnson looked up and grinned. We said nothing. I held up a handful of cigars, he extended his hat, and when I finally went to sleep, it was to a soothing breeze that wafted in salt air and a faint aroma of good tobacco. I was thoroughly tired, but I slept restlessly, dreaming of two detectives with Pittsburg warrants being held up by Hotchkiss at the point of a splint, while Alison fastened their hands with a chain that was broken and much too short. "It is blood," he asserted grimly.  I looked around with a dizzy attempt at nonchalance. "Even if it is,"  I remonstrated, "surely you don't suppose for a moment that I know anything about it!"  The amateur detective elbowed his way in. He had a scrap of transparent paper in his hand, and a pencil.  "I would like permission to trace the stains," he began eagerly. "Also"--to me--"if you will kindly jab your finger with a pin--needle--anything--"  "If you don't keep out of this," the conductor said savagely, "I will do some jabbing myself. As for you, sir--" he turned to me. I was absolutely innocent, but I knew that I presented a typical picture of guilt; I was covered with cold sweat, and the pounding in my ears kept up dizzily. "As for you, sir--"  The irrepressible amateur detective made a quick pounce at the pillow and pushed back the cover. Before our incredulous eyes he drew out a narrow steel dirk which had been buried to the small cross that served as a head.  There was a chorus of voices around, a quick surging forward of the crowd. So that was what had scratched my hand! I buried the wound in my coat pocket.  "Well," I said, trying to speak naturally, "doesn't that prove what I have been telling you? The man who committed the murder belonged to this berth, and made an exchange in some way after the crime. How do you know he didn't change the tags so I would come back to this berth?" This was an inspiration; I was pleased with it. "That's what he did, he changed the tags," I reiterated.  There was a murmur of assent around. The doctor, who was standing beside me, put his hand on my arm. "If this gentleman committed this crime, and I for one feel sure he did not, then who is the fellow who got away? And why did he go?"  "We have only one man's word for that," the conductor snarled. "I've traveled some in these cars myself, and no one ever changed berths with me."  Somebody on the edge of the group asserted that hereafter he would travel by daylight. I glanced up and caught the eye of the girl in blue.  "They are all mad," she said. Her tone was low, but I heard her distinctly. "Don't take them seriously enough to defend yourself."  "I am glad you think I didn't do it," I observed meekly, over the crowd. "Nothing else is of any importance."  The conductor had pulled out his note-book again. "Your name, please,"  he said gruffly.  "Lawrence Blakeley, Washington."  "Your occupation?"  "Attorney. A member of the firm of Blakeley and McKnight."  "Mr. Blakeley, you say you have occupied the wrong berth and have been robbed. Do you know anything of the man who did it?"  "Only from what he left behind," I answered. "These clothes--"  "They fit you," he said with quick suspicion. "Isn't that rather a coincidence? You are a large man."  "Good Heavens," I retorted, stung into fury, "do I look like a man who would wear this kind of a necktie? Do you suppose I carry purple and green barred silk handkerchiefs? Would any man in his senses wear a pair of shoes a full size too small?"  The conductor was inclined to hedge. "You will have to grant that I am in a peculiar position," he said. "I have only your word as to the exchange of berths, and you understand I am merely doing my duty. Are there any clues in the pockets?"  For the second time I emptied them of their contents, which he noted. "Is that all?" he finished. "There was nothing else?"  "Nothing."  "That's not all, sir," broke in the porter, stepping forward. "There was a small black satchel."  "That's so," I exclaimed. "I forgot the bag. I don't even know where it is."  The easily swayed crowd looked suspicious again. I've grown so accustomed to reading the faces of a jury, seeing them swing from doubt to belief, and back again to doubt, that I instinctively watch expressions. I saw that my forgetfulness had done me harm--that suspicion was roused again.  The bag was found a couple of seats away, under somebody's raincoat--another dubious circumstance. Was I hiding it? It was brought to the berth and placed beside the conductor, who opened it at once.  It contained the usual traveling impedimenta--change of linen, collars, handkerchiefs, a bronze-green scarf, and a safety razor. But the attention of the crowd riveted itself on a flat, Russia leather wallet, around which a heavy gum band was wrapped, and which bore in gilt letters the name "Simon Harrington."       The conductor held it out to me, his face sternly accusing.  "Is this another coincidence?" he asked. "Did the man who left you his clothes and the barred silk handkerchief and the tight shoes leave you the spoil of the murder?"  The men standing around had drawn off a little, and I saw the absolute futility of any remonstrance. Have you ever seen a fly, who, in these hygienic days, finding no cobwebs to entangle him, is caught in a sheet of fly paper, finds himself more and more mired, and is finally quiet with the sticky stillness of despair?  Well, I was the fly. I had seen too much of circumstantial evidence to have any belief that the establishing of my identity would weigh much against the other incriminating details. It meant imprisonment and trial, probably, with all the notoriety and loss of practice they would entail. A man thinks quickly at a time like that. All the probable consequences of the finding of that pocket-book flashed through my mind as I extended my hand to take it. Then I drew my arm back.  "I don't want it," I said. "Look inside. Maybe the other man took the money and left the wallet."  The conductor opened it, and again there was a curious surging forward of the crowd. To my intense disappointment the money was still there.  I stood blankly miserable while it was counted out--five one-hundred-dollar bills, six twenties, and some fives and ones that brought the total to six hundred and fifty dollars.  The little man with the note-book insisted on taking the numbers of the notes, to the conductor's annoyance. It was immaterial to me: small things had lost their power to irritate. I was seeing myself in the prisoner's box, going through all the nerve-racking routine of a trial for murder--the challenging of the jury, the endless cross-examinations, the alternate hope and fear. I believe I said before that I had no nerves, but for a few minutes that morning I was as near as a man ever comes to hysteria.  I folded my arms and gave myself a mental shake. I seemed to be the center of a hundred eyes, expressing every shade of doubt and distrust, but I tried not to flinch. Then some one created a diversion.  The amateur detective was busy again with the seal-skin bag, investigating the make of the safety razor and the manufacturer's name on the bronze-green tie. Now, however, he paused and frowned, as though some pet theory had been upset.  Then from a corner of the bag he drew out and held up for our inspection some three inches of fine gold chain, one end of which was blackened and stained with blood!  The conductor held out his hand for it, but the little man was not ready to give it up. He turned to me.  "You say no watch was left you? Was there a piece of chain like that?"  "No chain at all," I said sulkily. "No jewelry of any kind, except plain gold buttons in the shirt I am wearing."  "Where are your glasses?" he threw at me suddenly: instinctively my hand went to my eyes. My glasses had been gone all morning, and I had not even noticed their absence. The little man smiled cynically and held out the chain.  "I must ask you to examine this," he insisted. "Isn't it a part of the fine gold chain you wear over your ear?"  I didn't want to touch the thing: the stain at the end made me shudder. But with a baker's dozen of suspicious eyes--well, we'll say fourteen: there were no one-eyed men--I took the fragment in the tips of my fingers and looked at it helplessly.  "Very fine chains are much alike," I managed to say. "For all I know, this may be mine, but I don't know how it got into that sealskin bag. I never saw the bag until this morning after daylight."  "He admits that he had the bag," somebody said behind me. "How did you guess that he wore glasses, anyhow?" to the amateur sleuth.  That gentleman cleared his throat. "There were two reasons," he said, "for suspecting it. When you see a man with the lines of his face drooping, a healthy individual with a pensive eye,--suspect astigmatism. Besides, this gentleman has a pronounced line across the bridge of his nose and a mark on his ear from the chain."  After this remarkable exhibition of the theoretical as combined with the practical, he sank into a seat near-by, and still holding the chain, sat with closed eyes and pursed lips. It was evident to all the car that the solution of the mystery was a question of moments. Once he bent forward eagerly and putting the chain on the window-sill, proceeded to go over it with a pocket magnifying glass, only to shake his head in disappointment. All the people around shook their heads too, although they had not the slightest idea what it was about.  The pounding in my ears began again. The group around me seemed to be suddenly motionless in the very act of moving, as if a hypnotist had called "Rigid!" The girl in blue was looking at me, and above the din I thought she said she must speak to me--something vital. The pounding grew louder and merged into a scream. With a grinding and splintering the car rose under my feet. Then it fell away into darkness.       Have you ever been picked up out of your three-meals-a-day life, whirled around in a tornado of events, and landed in a situation so grotesque and yet so horrible that you laugh even while you are groaning, and straining at its hopelessness? McKnight says that is hysteria, and that no man worthy of the name ever admits to it.  Also, as McKnight says, it sounds like a tank drama. Just as the revolving saw is about to cut the hero into stove lengths, the second villain blows up the sawmill. The hero goes up through the roof and alights on the bank of a stream at the feet of his lady love, who is making daisy chains.  Nevertheless, when I was safely home again, with Mrs. Klopton brewing strange drinks that came in paper packets from the pharmacy, and that smelled to heaven, I remember staggering to the door and closing it, and then going back to bed and howling out the absurdity and the madness of the whole thing. And while I laughed my very soul was sick, for the girl was gone by that time, and I knew by all the loyalty that answers between men for honor that I would have to put her out of my mind.  And yet, all the night that followed, filled as it was with the shrieking demons of pain, I saw her as I had seen her last, in the queer hat with green ribbons. I told the doctor this, guardedly, the next morning, and he said it was the morphia, and that I was lucky not to have seen a row of devils with green tails.  I don't know anything about the wreck of September ninth last. You who swallowed the details with your coffee and digested the horrors with your chop, probably know a great deal more than I do. I remember very distinctly that the jumping and throbbing in my arm brought me back to a world that at first was nothing but sky, a heap of clouds that I thought hazily were the meringue on a blue charlotte russe. As the sense of hearing was slowly added to vision, I heard a woman near me sobbing that she had lost her hat pin, and she couldn't keep her hat on.  I think I dropped back into unconsciousness again, for the next thing I remember was of my blue patch of sky clouded with smoke, of a strange roaring and crackling, of a rain of fiery sparks on my face and of somebody beating at me with feeble hands. I opened my eyes and closed them again: the girl in blue was bending over me. With that imperviousness to big things and keenness to small that is the first effect of shock, I tried to be facetious, when a spark stung my cheek.  "You will have to rouse yourself!" the girl was repeating desperately. "You've been on fire twice already." A piece of striped ticking floated slowly over my head. As the wind caught it its charring edges leaped into flame.  "Looks like a kite, doesn't it?" I remarked cheerfully. And then, as my arm gave an excruciating throb--"Jove, how my arm hurts!"  The girl bent over and spoke slowly, distinctly, as one might speak to a deaf person or a child.  "Listen, Mr. Blakeley," she said earnestly. "You must rouse yourself. There has been a terrible accident. The second section ran into us. The wreck is burning now, and if we don't move, we will catch fire. Do you hear?"  Her voice and my arm were bringing me to my senses. "I hear," I said. "I--I'll sit up in a second. Are you hurt?"  "No, only bruised. Do you think you can walk?"  I drew up one foot after another, gingerly.  "They seem to move all right," I remarked dubiously. "Would you mind telling me where the back of my head has gone? I can't help thinking it isn't there."  She made a quick examination. "It's pretty badly bumped," she said. "You must have fallen on it."  I had got up on my uninjured elbow by that time, but the pain threw me back. "Don't look at the wreck," I entreated her. "It's no sight for a woman. If--if there is any way to tie up this arm, I might be able to do something. There may be people under those cars!"  "Then it is too late to help," she replied solemnly. A little shower of feathers, each carrying its fiery lamp, blew over us from some burning pillow. A part the wreck collapsed with a crash. In a resolute to play a man's part in the tragedy going on around, I got to my knees. Then I realized what had not noticed before: the hand and wrist of the broken left arm were jammed through the handle of the sealskin grip. I gasped and sat down suddenly.  "You must not do that," the girl insisted. I noticed now that she kept her back to the wreck, her eyes averted. "The weight of the traveling-bag must be agony. Let me support the valise until we get back a few yards. Then you must lie down until we can get it cut off."  "Will it have to be cut off?" I asked as calmly as possible. There were red-hot stabs of agony clear to my neck, but we were moving slowly away from the track.  "Yes," she replied, with dumfounding coolness. "If I had a knife I could do it myself. You might sit here and lean against this fence."  By that time my returning faculties had realized that she was going to cut off the satchel, not the arm. The dizziness was leaving and I was gradually becoming myself.  "If you pull, it might come," I suggested. "And with that weight gone, I think I will cease to be five feet eleven inches of baby."  She tried gently to loosen the handle, but it would not move, and at last, with great drops of cold perspiration over me, I had to give up.  "I'm afraid I can't stand it," I said. "But there's a knife somewhere around these clothes, and if I can find it, perhaps you can cut the leather."  As I gave her the knife she turned it over, examining it with a peculiar expression, bewilderment rather than surprise. But she said nothing. She set to work deftly, and in a few minutes the bag dropped free.  "That's better," I declared, sitting up. "Now, if you can pin my sleeve to my coat, it will support the arm so we can get away from here."  "The pin might give," she objected, "and the jerk would be terrible."  She looked around, puzzled; then she got up, coming back in a minute with a draggled, partly scorched sheet. This she tore into a large square, and after she had folded it, she slipped it under the broken arm and tied it securely at the back of my neck.  The relief was immediate, and, picking up the sealskin bag, I walked slowly beside her, away from the track.  The first act was over: the curtain fallen. The scene was "struck."       We were still dazed, I think, for we wandered like two troubled children, our one idea at first to get as far away as we could from the horror behind us. We were both bareheaded, grimy, pallid through the grit. Now and then we met little groups of country folk hurrying to the track: they stared at us curiously, and some wished to question us. But we hurried past them; we had put the wreck behind us. That way lay madness.  Only once the girl turned and looked behind her. The wreck was hidden, but the smoke cloud hung heavy and dense. For the first time I remembered that my companion had not been alone on the train.  "It is quiet here," I suggested. "If you will sit down on the bank I will go back and make some inquiries. I've been criminally thoughtless. Your traveling companion--"  She interrupted me, and something of her splendid poise was gone. "Please don't go back," she said. "I am afraid it would be of no use. And I don't want to be left alone."  Heaven knows I did not want her to be alone. I was more than content to walk along beside her aimlessly, for any length of time. Gradually, as she lost the exaltation of the moment, I was gaining my normal condition of mind. I was beginning to realize that I had lacked the morning grace of a shave, that I looked like some lost hope of yesterday, and that my left shoe pinched outrageously. A man does not rise triumphant above such handicaps. The girl, for all her disordered hair and the crumpled linen of her waist, in spite of her missing hat and the small gold bag that hung forlornly from a broken chain, looked exceedingly lovely.  "Then I won't leave you alone," I said manfully, and we stumbled on together. Thus far we had seen nobody from the wreck, but well up the lane we came across the tall dark woman who had occupied lower eleven. She was half crouching beside the road, her black hair about her shoulders, and an ugly bruise over her eye. She did not seem to know us, and refused to accompany us. We left her there at last, babbling incoherently and rolling in her hands a dozen pebbles she had gathered in the road.  The girl shuddered as we went on. Once she turned and glanced at my bandage. "Does it hurt very much?" she asked.  "It's growing rather numb. But it might be worse," I answered mendaciously. If anything in this world could be worse, I had never experienced it.  And so we trudged on bareheaded under the summer sun, growing parched and dusty and weary, doggedly leaving behind us the pillar of smoke. I thought I knew of a trolley line somewhere in the direction we were going, or perhaps we could find a horse and trap to take us into Baltimore. The girl smiled when I suggested it.  "We will create a sensation, won't we?" she asked. "Isn't it queer--or perhaps it's my state of mind--but I keep wishing for a pair of gloves, when I haven't even a hat!"  When we reached the main road we sat down for a moment, and her hair, which had been coming loose for some time, fell over her shoulders in little waves that were most alluring. Klopton, a very worthy woman, so labeled--and libeled--because of a ferocious pair of eyes and what McKnight called a bucaneering nose. I quietly closed the door into the hall.  "Keep your voice down, Richey," I said. "She is looking for the evening paper to see if it is going to rain. She has my raincoat and an umbrella waiting in the hall."  The collars being damaged beyond repair, he left them and went to the window. He stood there for some time, staring at the blackness that represented the wall of the house next door.  "It's raining now," he said over his shoulder, and closed the window and the shutters. Something in his voice made me glance up, but he was watching me, his hands idly in his pockets.  "Who lives next door?" he inquired in a perfunctory tone, after a pause. I was packing my razor.  "House is empty," I returned absently. "If the landlord would put it in some sort of shape---"  "Did you put those notes in your pocket?" he broke in.  "Yes." I was impatient. "Along with my certificates of registration, baptism and vaccination. Whoever wants them will have to steal my coat to get them."  "Well, I would move them, if I were you. Somebody in the next house was confoundedly anxious to see where you put them. Somebody right at that window opposite."  I scoffed at the idea, but nevertheless I moved the papers, putting them in my traveling-bag, well down at the bottom. McKnight watched me uneasily.  "I have a hunch that you are going to have trouble," he said, as I locked the alligator bag. "Darned if I like starting anything important on Friday."  "You have a congenital dislike to start anything on any old day," I retorted, still sore from my lost Saturday. "And if you knew the owner of that house as I do you would know that if there was any one at that window he is paying rent for the privilege."  Mrs. Klopton rapped at the door and spoke discreetly from the hall.  "Did Mr. McKnight bring the evening paper?" she inquired.  "Sorry, but I didn't, Mrs. Klopton," McKnight called. "The Cubs won, three to nothing." He listened, grinning, as she moved away with little irritated rustles of her black silk gown.  I finished my packing, changed my collar and was ready to go. Then very cautiously we put out the light and opened the shutters. The window across was merely a deeper black in the darkness. It was closed and dirty. And yet, probably owing to Richey's suggestion, I had an uneasy sensation of eyes staring across at me. The next moment we were at the door, poised for flight.  "We'll have to run for it," I said in a whisper. "She's down there with a package of some sort, sandwiches probably. And she's threatened me with overshoes for a month. Ready now!"  I had a kaleidoscopic view of Mrs. Klopton in the lower hall, holding out an armful of such traveling impedimenta as she deemed essential, while beside her, Euphemia, the colored housemaid, grinned over a white-wrapped box.  "Awfully sorry-no time-back Sunday," I panted over my shoulder. Then the door closed and the car was moving away.  McKnight bent forward and stared at the facade of the empty house next door as we passed. It was black, staring, mysterious, as empty buildings are apt to be.  "I'd like to hold a post-mortem on that corpse of a house," he said thoughtfully. "By George, I've a notion to get out and take a look."  "Somebody after the brass pipes," I scoffed. "House has been empty for a year."  With one hand on the steering wheel McKnight held out the other for my cigarette case. "Perhaps," he said; "but I don't see what she would want with brass pipe."  "A woman!" I laughed outright. "You have been looking too hard at the picture in the back of your watch, that's all. There's an experiment like that: if you stare long enough--"  But McKnight was growing sulky: he sat looking rigidly ahead, and he did not speak again until he brought the Cannonball to a stop at the station. Even then it was only a perfunctory remark. He went through the gate with me, and with five minutes to spare, we lounged and smoked in the train shed. My mind had slid away from my surroundings and had wandered to a polo pony that I couldn't afford and intended to buy anyhow. Then McKnight shook off his taciturnity.  "For heaven's sake, don't look so martyred," he burst out; "I know you've done all the traveling this summer. I know you're missing a game to-morrow. But don't be a patient mother; confound it, I have to go to Richmond on Sunday. I--I want to see a girl."  "Oh, don't mind me," I observed politely. "Personally, I wouldn't change places with you. What's her name--North? South?"  "West," he snapped. "Don't try to be funny. And all I have to say, Blakeley, is that if you ever fall in love I hope you make an egregious ass of yourself."  In view of what followed, this came rather close to prophecy.  The trip west was without incident. I played bridge with a furniture dealer from Grand Rapids, a sales agent for a Pittsburg iron firm and a young professor from an eastern college. I won three rubbers out of four, finished what cigarettes McKnight had left me, and went to bed at one o'clock. It was growing cooler, and the rain had ceased. Once, toward morning, I wakened with a start, for no apparent reason, and sat bolt upright. I had an uneasy feeling that some one had been looking at me, the same sensation I had experienced earlier in the evening at the window. But I could feel the bag with the notes, between me and the window, and with my arm thrown over it for security, I lapsed again into slumber. Later, when I tried to piece together the fragments of that journey, I remembered that my coat, which had been folded and placed beyond my restless tossing, had been rescued in the morning from a heterogeneous jumble of blankets, evening papers and cravat, had been shaken out with profanity and donned with wrath. At the time, nothing occurred to me but the necessity of writing to the Pullman Company and asking them if they ever traveled in their own cars. I even formulated some of the letter.  "If they are built to scale, why not take a man of ordinary stature as your unit?" I wrote mentally. "I can not fold together like the traveling cup with which I drink your abominable water."  I was more cheerful after I had had a cup of coffee in the Union Station. It was too early to attend to business, and I lounged in the restaurant and hid behind the morning papers. As I had expected, they had got hold of my visit and its object. On the first page was a staring announcement that the forged papers in the Bronson case had been brought to Pittsburg. Underneath, a telegram from Washington stated that Lawrence Blakeley, of Blakeley and McKnight, had left for Pittsburg the night before, and that, owing to the approaching trial of the Bronson case and the illness of John Gilmore, the Pittsburg millionaire, who was the chief witness for the prosecution, it was supposed that the visit was intimately concerned with the trial.  I looked around apprehensively. There were no reporters yet in sight, and thankful to have escaped notice I paid for my breakfast and left. At the cab-stand I chose the least dilapidated hansom I could find, and giving the driver the address of the Gilmore residence, in the East end, I got in.  I was just in time. As the cab turned and rolled off, a slim young man in a straw hat separated himself from a little group of men and hurried toward us.  "Hey! Wait a minute there!" he called, breaking into a trot.  But the cabby did not hear, or perhaps did not care to. We jogged comfortably along, to my relief, leaving the young man far behind. I avoid reporters on principle, having learned long ago that I am an easy mark for a clever interviewer.  It was perhaps nine o'clock when I left the station. Our way was along the boulevard which hugged the side of one of the city's great hills. Far below, to the left, lay the railroad tracks and the seventy times seven looming stacks of the mills. The white mist of the river, the grays and blacks of the smoke blended into a half-revealing haze, dotted here and there with fire. It was unlovely, tremendous. Whistler might have painted it with its pathos, its majesty, but he would have missed what made it infinitely suggestive--the rattle and roar of iron on iron, the rumble of wheels, the throbbing beat, against the ears, of fire and heat and brawn welding prosperity.  Something of this I voiced to the grim old millionaire who was responsible for at least part of it. He was propped up in bed in his East end home, listening to the market reports read by a nurse, and he smiled a little at my enthusiasm.  "I can't see much beauty in it myself," he said. "But it's our badge of prosperity. The full dinner pail here means a nose that looks like a flue. Pittsburg without smoke wouldn't be Pittsburg, any more than New York without prohibition would be New York. Sit down for a few minutes, Mr. Blakeley. Now, Miss Gardner, Westinghouse Electric."  The nurse resumed her reading in a monotonous voice. She read literally and without understanding, using initials and abbreviations as they came. But the shrewd old man followed her easily. Once, however, he stopped her.  "D-o is ditto," he said gently, "not do."  As the nurse droned along, I found myself looking curiously at a photograph in a silver frame on the bed-side table. It was the picture of a girl in white, with her hands clasped loosely before her. Against the dark background her figure stood out slim and young. Perhaps it was the rather grim environment, possibly it was my mood, but although as a general thing photographs of young girls make no appeal to me, this one did. I found my eyes straying back to it. By a little finesse I even made out the name written across the corner, "Alison."  Mr. Gilmore lay back among his pillows and listened to the nurse's listless voice. But he was watching me from under his heavy eyebrows, for when the reading was over, and we were alone, he indicated the picture with a gesture.  "I keep it there to remind myself that I am an old man," he said. "That is my granddaughter, Alison West."  I expressed the customary polite surprise, at which, finding me responsive, he told me his age with a chuckle of pride. More surprise, this time genuine. From that we went to what he ate for breakfast and did not eat for luncheon, and then to his reserve power, which at sixty-five becomes a matter for thought. And so, in a wide circle, back to where we started, the picture.  "Father was a rascal," John Gilmore said, picking up the frame. "The happiest day of my life was when I knew he was safely dead in bed and not hanged. If the child had looked like him, I--well, she doesn't. She's a Gilmore, every inch. Supposed to look like me."  "Very noticeably," I agreed soberly.  I had produced the notes by that time, and replacing the picture Mr. Gilmore gathered his spectacles from beside it. He went over the four notes methodically, examining each carefully and putting it down before he picked up the next. Then he leaned back and took off his glasses.  "They're not so bad," he said thoughtfully. "Not so bad. But I never saw them before. That's my unofficial signature. I am inclined to think--"  he was speaking partly to himself--"to think that he has got hold of a letter of mine, probably to Alison. Bronson was a friend of her rapscallion of a father."  I took Mr. Gilmore's deposition and put it into my traveling-bag with the forged notes. When I saw them again, almost three weeks later, they were unrecognizable, a mass of charred paper on a copper ashtray. In the interval other and bigger things had happened: the Bronson forgery case had shrunk beside the greater and more imminent mystery of the man in lower ten. And Alison West had come into the story and into my life.       I lunched alone at the Gilmore house, and went back to the city at once. The sun had lifted the mists, and a fresh summer wind had cleared away the smoke pall. The boulevard was full of cars flying countryward for the Saturday half-holiday, toward golf and tennis, green fields and babbling girls. I gritted my teeth and thought of McKnight at Richmond, visiting the lady with the geographical name. And then, for the first time, I associated John Gilmore's granddaughter with the "West" that McKnight had irritably flung at me.  I still carried my traveling-bag, for McKnight's vision at the window of the empty house had not been without effect. I did not transfer the notes to my pocket, and, if I had, it would not have altered the situation later. Only the other day McKnight put this very thing up to me.  "I warned you," he reminded me. "I told you there were queer things coming, and to be on your guard. You ought to have taken your revolver."  "It would have been of exactly as much use as a bucket of snow in Africa," I retorted. "If I had never closed my eyes, or if I had kept my finger on the trigger of a six-shooter (which is novelesque for revolver), the result would have been the same. And the next time you want a little excitement with every variety of thrill thrown in, I can put you by way of it. You begin by getting the wrong berth in a Pullman car, and end--"  "Oh, I know how it ends," he finished shortly. "Don't you suppose the whole thing's written on my spinal marrow?"  But I am wandering again. That is the difficulty with the unprofessional story-teller: he yaws back and forth and can't keep in the wind; he drops his characters overboard when he hasn't any further use for them and drowns them; he forgets the coffee-pot and the frying-pan and all the other small essentials, and, if he carries a love affair, he mutters a fervent "Allah be praised" when he lands them, drenched with adventures, at the matrimonial dock at the end of the final chapter.  I put in a thoroughly unsatisfactory afternoon. Time dragged eternally. I dropped in at a summer vaudeville, and bought some ties at a haberdasher's. I was bored but unexpectant; I had no premonition of what was to come. Nothing unusual had ever happened to me; friends of mine had sometimes sailed the high seas of adventure or skirted the coasts of chance, but all of the shipwrecks had occurred after a woman passenger had been taken on. "Ergo," I had always said "no women!" I repeated it to myself that evening almost savagely, when I found my thoughts straying back to the picture of John Gilmore's granddaughter. I even argued as I ate my solitary dinner at a downtown restaurant.  "Haven't you troubles enough," I reflected, "without looking for more? Hasn't Bad News gone lame, with a matinee race booked for next week? Otherwise aren't you comfortable? Isn't your house in order? Do you want to sell a pony in order to have the library done over in mission or the drawing-room in gold? Do you want somebody to count the empty cigarette boxes lying around every morning?"  Lay it to the long idle afternoon, to the new environment, to anything you like, but I began to think that perhaps I did. I was confoundedly lonely. For the first time in my life its even course began to waver: the needle registered warning marks on the matrimonial seismograph, lines vague enough, but lines.  My alligator bag lay at my feet, still locked. While I waited for my coffee I leaned back and surveyed the people incuriously. There were the usual couples intent on each other: my new state of mind made me regard them with tolerance. But at the next table, where a man and woman dined together, a different atmosphere prevailed. My attention was first caught by the woman's face. She had been speaking earnestly across the table, her profile turned to me. I had noticed casually her earnest manner, her somber clothes, and the great mass of odd, bronze-colored hair on her neck. But suddenly she glanced toward me and the utter hopelessness--almost tragedy--of her expression struck me with a shock. She half closed her eyes and drew a long breath, then she turned again to the man across the table.  Neither one was eating. He sat low in his chair, his chin on his chest, ugly folds of thick flesh protruding over his collar. He was probably fifty, bald, grotesque, sullen, and yet not without a suggestion of power. But he had been drinking; as I looked, he raised an unsteady hand and summoned a waiter with a wine list.  The young woman bent across the table and spoke again quickly. She had unconsciously raised her voice. Not beautiful, in her earnestness and stress she rather interested me. I had an idle inclination to advise the waiter to remove the bottled temptation from the table. I wonder what would have happened if I had? Suppose Harrington had not been intoxicated when he entered the Pullman car Ontario that night!  For they were about to make a journey, I gathered, and the young woman wished to go alone. I drank three cups of coffee, which accounted for my wakefulness later, and shamelessly watched the tableau before me. The woman's protest evidently went for nothing: across the table the man grunted monosyllabic replies and grew more and more lowering and sullen. Once, during a brief unexpected pianissimo in the music, her voice came to me sharply:  "If I could only see him in time!" she was saying. "Oh, it's terrible!"  In spite of my interest I would have forgotten the whole incident at once, erased it from my mind as one does the inessentials and clutterings of memory, had I not met them again, later that evening, in the Pennsylvania station. The situation between them had not visibly altered: the same dogged determination showed in the man's face, but the young woman--daughter or wife? I wondered--had drawn down her veil and I could only suspect what white misery lay beneath.  I bought my berth after waiting in a line of some eight or ten people. When, step by step, I had almost reached the window, a tall woman whom I had not noticed before spoke to me from my elbow. She had a ticket and money in her hand.  "Will you try to get me a lower when you buy yours?" she asked. "I have traveled for three nights in uppers."  I consented, of course; beyond that I hardly noticed the woman. I had a vague impression of height and a certain amount of stateliness, but the crowd was pushing behind me, and some one was standing on my foot. I got two lowers easily, and, turning with the change and berths, held out the tickets.  "Which will you have?" I asked. "Lower eleven or lower ten?"  "It makes no difference," she said. "Thank you very much indeed."  At random I gave her lower eleven, and called a porter to help her with her luggage. I followed them leisurely to the train shed, and ten minutes more saw us under way.  I looked into my car, but it presented the peculiarly unattractive appearance common to sleepers. The berths were made up; the center aisle was a path between walls of dingy, breeze-repelling curtains, while the two seats at each end of the car were piled high with suitcases and umbrellas. The perspiring porter was trying to be six places at once: somebody has said that Pullman porters are black so they won't show the dirt, but they certainly show the heat.  Nine-fifteen was an outrageous hour to go to bed, especially since I sleep little or not at all on the train, so I made my way to the smoker and passed the time until nearly eleven with cigarettes and a magazine. "What was the prisoner's manner at that time?"  "I thought he was surly."  "Now, Mrs. Pitman, tell us about the following morning."  "I saw Mr. Ladley at a quarter before seven. He said to bring breakfast for one. His wife had gone away. I asked if she was not ill, and he said no; that she had gone away early; that he had rowed her to Federal Street, and that she would be back Saturday. It was shortly after that that the dog Peter brought in one of Mrs. Ladley's slippers, water-soaked."  "You recognized the slipper?"  "Positively. I had seen it often."  "What did you do with it?"  "I took it to Mr. Ladley."  "What did he say?"  "He said at first that it was not hers. Then he said if it was, she would never wear it again--and then added--because it was ruined."  "Did he offer any statement as to where his wife was?"  "No, sir. Not at that time. Before, he had said she had gone away for a few days."  "Tell the jury about the broken knife."  "The dog found it floating in the parlor, with the blade broken."  "You had not left it down-stairs?"  "No, sir. I had used it up-stairs, the night before, and left it on a mantel of the room I was using as a temporary kitchen."  "Was the door of this room locked?"  "No. It was standing open."  "Were you not asleep in this room?"  "Yes."  "You heard no one come in?"  "No one--until Mr. Reynolds roused me."  "Where did you find the blade?"  "Behind the bed in Mr. Ladley's room."  "What else did you find in the room?"  "A blood-stained towel behind the wash-stand. Also, my onyx clock was missing."  "Where was the clock when the Ladleys were moved up into this room?"  "On the mantel. I wound it just before they came up-stairs."  "When you saw Mrs. Ladley on Sunday, did she say she was going away?"  "No, sir."  "Did you see any preparation for a journey?"  "The black and white dress was laid out on the bed, and a small bag. She said she was taking the dress to the theater to lend to Miss Hope."  "Is that all she said?"  "No. She said she'd been wishing her husband would drown; that he was a fiend."  I could see that my testimony had made an impression.      The slipper, the rope, the towel, and the knife and blade were produced in court, and I identified them all. They made a noticeable impression on the jury. Then Mr. Llewellyn, the lawyer for the defense, cross-examined me.  "Is it not true, Mrs. Pitman," he said, "that many articles, particularly shoes and slippers, are found floating around during a flood?"  "Yes," I admitted.  "Now, you say the dog found this slipper floating in the hall and brought it to you. Are you sure this slipper belonged to Jennie Brice?"  "She wore it. I presume it belonged to her."  "Ahem. Now, Mrs. Pitman, after the Ladleys had been moved to the upper floor, did you search their bedroom and the connecting room down-stairs?"  "No, sir."  "Ah. Then, how do you know that this slipper was not left on the floor or in a closet?"  "It is possible, but not likely. Anyhow, it was not the slipper alone. It was the other things _and_ the slipper. It was--"  "Exactly. Now, Mrs. Pitman, this knife. Can you identify it positively?"  "I can."  "But isn't it true that this is a very common sort of knife? One that nearly every housewife has in her possession?"  "Yes, sir. But that knife handle has three notches in it. I put the notches there myself."  "Before this presumed crime?"  "Yes, sir."  "For what purpose?"  "My neighbors were constantly borrowing things. It was a means of identification."  "Then this knife is yours?"  "Yes."  "Tell again where you left it the night before it was found floating down-stairs."  "On a shelf over the stove."  "Could the dog have reached it there?"  "Not without standing on a hot stove."  "Is it not possible that Mr. Ladley, unable to untie the boat, borrowed your knife to cut the boat's painter?"  "No painter was cut that I heard about The paper-hanger--"  "No, no. The boat's painter--the rope."  "Oh! Well, he might have. He never said."  "Now then, this towel, Mrs. Pitman. Did not the prisoner, on the following day, tell you that he had cut his wrist in freeing the boat, and ask you for some court-plaster?"  "He did not," I said firmly.  "You have not seen a scar on his wrist?"  "No." I glanced at Mr. Ladley: he was smiling, as if amused. It made me angry. "And what's more," I flashed, "if he has a cut on his wrist, he put it there himself, to account for the towel."  I was sorry the next moment that I had said it, but it was too late. The counsel for the defense moved to exclude the answer and I received a caution that I deserved. Then:  "You saw Mr. Ladley when he brought your boat back?"  "Yes."  "What time was that?"  "A quarter after four Monday morning."  "Did he come in quietly, like a man trying to avoid attention?"  "Not particularly. It would have been of no use. The dog was barking."  "What did he say?"  "That he had been out for medicine. That his wife was sick."  "Do you know a pharmacist named Alexander--Jonathan Alexander?"  "There is such a one, but I don't know him."  I was excused, and Mr. Reynolds was called. He had heard no quarreling that Sunday night; had even heard Mrs. Ladley laughing. This was about nine o'clock. Yes, they had fought in the afternoon. He had not overheard any words, but their voices were quarrelsome, and once he heard a chair or some article of furniture overthrown. Was awakened about two by footsteps on the stairs, followed by the sound of oars in the lower hall. He told his story plainly and simply. Under cross-examination admitted that he was fond of detective stories and had tried to write one himself; that he had said at the store that he would like to see that "conceited ass" swing, referring to the prisoner; that he had sent flowers to Jennie Brice at the theater, and had made a few advances to her, without success.  My head was going round. I don't know yet how the police learned it all, but by the time poor Mr. Reynolds left the stand, half the people there believed that he had been in love with Jennie Brice, that she had spurned his advances, and that there was more to the story than any of them had suspected.  Miss Hope's story held without any alteration under the cross-examination. She was perfectly at ease, looked handsome and well dressed, and could not be shaken. She told how Jennie Brice had been in fear of her life, and had asked her, only the week before she disappeared, to allow her to go home with her--Miss Hope. She told of the attack of hysteria in her dressing-room, and that the missing woman had said that her husband would kill her some day. There was much wrangling over her testimony, and I believe at least a part of it was not allowed to go to the jury. But I am not a lawyer, and I repeat what I recall.  "Did she say that he had attacked her?"  "Yes, more than once. She was a large woman, fairly muscular, and had always held her own."  "Did she say that these attacks came when he had been drinking?"  "I believe he was worse then."  "Did she give any reason for her husband's attitude to her?"  "She said he wanted to marry another woman."  There was a small sensation at this. If proved, it established a motive.  "Did she know who the other woman was?"  "I believe not. She was away most of the day, and he put in his time as he liked."  "Did Miss Brice ever mention the nature of the threats he made against her?"  "No, I think not."  "Have you examined the body washed ashore at Sewickley?"  "Yes--" in a low voice.  "Is it the body of Jennie Brice?"  "I can not say."  "Does the remaining hand look like the hand of Jennie Brice?"  "Very much. The nails are filed to points, as she wore hers."  "Did you ever know of Jennie Brice having a scar on her breast?"  "No, but that would be easily concealed."  "Just what do you mean?"  "Many actresses conceal defects. She could have worn flesh-colored plaster and covered it with powder. Also, such a scar would not necessarily be seen."  "Explain that."  "Most of Jennie Brice's dcollet gowns were cut to a point. This would conceal such a scar."  Miss Hope was excused, and Jennie Brice's sister from Olean was called. She was a smaller woman than Jennie Brice had been, very lady-like in her manner. She said she was married and living in Olean; she had not seen her sister for several years, but had heard from her often. The witness had discouraged the marriage to the prisoner.  "Why?"  "She had had bad luck before."  "She had been married before?"  "Yes, to a man named John Bellows. They were in vaudeville together, on the Keith Circuit. They were known as The Pair of Bellows."  I sat up at this for John Bellows had boarded at my house.  "Mr. Bellows is dead?"  "I think not. She divorced him."  "Did you know of any scar on your sister's body?"  "I never heard of one."  "Have you seen the body found at Sewickley?"  "Yes"--faintly.  "Can you identify it?"  "No, sir."  A flurry was caused during the afternoon by Timothy Senft. He testified to what I already knew--that between three and four on Monday morning, during the height of the flood, he had seen from his shanty-boat a small skiff caught in the current near the Ninth Street bridge. He had shouted encouragingly to the man in the boat, running out a way on the ice to make him hear. He had told him to row with the current, and to try to steer in toward shore. He had followed close to the river bank in his own boat. Below Sixth Street the other boat was within rope-throwing distance. He had pulled it in, and had towed it well back out of the current. The man in the boat was the prisoner. Asked if the prisoner gave any explanation--yes, he said he couldn't sleep, and had thought to tire himself rowing. Had been caught in the current before he knew it. Saw nothing suspicious in or about the boat. As they passed the police patrol boat, prisoner had called to ask if there was much distress, and expressed regret when told there was.  Tim was excused. He had made a profound impression. I would not have given a dollar for Mr. Ladley's chance with the jury, at that time.      The prosecution produced many witnesses during the next two days: Shanty-boat Tim's story withstood the most vigorous cross-examination. After him, Mr. Bronson from the theater corroborated Miss Hope's story of Jennie Brice's attack of hysteria in the dressing-room, and told of taking her home that night.  He was a poor witness, nervous and halting. He weighed each word before he said it, and he made a general unfavorable impression. I thought he was holding something back. In view of what Mr. Pitman would have called the denouement, his attitude is easily explained. But I was puzzled then.  So far, the prosecution had touched but lightly on the possible motive for a crime--the woman. But on the third day, to my surprise, a Mrs. Agnes Murray was called. It was the Mrs. Murray I had seen at the morgue.  I have lost the clipping of that day's trial, but I remember her testimony perfectly.  She was a widow, living above a small millinery shop on Federal Street, Allegheny. She had one daughter, Alice, who did stenography and typing as a means of livelihood. She had no office, and worked at home. Many of the small stores in the neighborhood employed her to send out their bills. There was a card at the street entrance beside the shop, and now and then strangers brought her work.  Early in December the prisoner had brought her the manuscript of a play to type, and from that time on he came frequently, sometimes every day, bringing a few sheets of manuscript at a time. Sometimes he came without any manuscript, and would sit and talk while he smoked a cigarette. They had thought him unmarried.  On Wednesday, February twenty-eighth, Alice Murray had disappeared. She had taken some of her clothing--not all, and had left a note. The witness read the note aloud in a trembling voice:      "DEAR MOTHER: When you get this I shall be married to Mr. Ladley.     Don't worry. Will write again from N.Y. Lovingly,      "ALICE."  From that time until a week before, she had not heard from her daughter. Then she had a card, mailed from Madison Square Station, New York City. The card merely said:      "Am well and working. ALICE."  The defense was visibly shaken. They had not expected this, and I thought even Mr. Ladley, whose calm had continued unbroken, paled.  So far, all had gone well for the prosecution. They had proved a crime, as nearly as circumstantial evidence could prove a crime, and they had established a motive. But in the identification of the body, so far they had failed. The prosecution "rested," as they say, although they didn't rest much, on the afternoon of the third day.  The defense called, first of all, Eliza Shaeffer. She told of a woman answering the general description of Jennie Brice having spent two days at the Shaeffer farm at Horner. Being shown photographs of Jennie Brice, she said she thought it was the same woman, but was not certain. She told further of the woman leaving unexpectedly on Wednesday of that week from Thornville. On cross-examination, being shown the small photograph which Mr. Graves had shown me, she identified the woman in the group as being the woman in question. As the face was in shadow, knew it more by the dress and hat: she described the black and white dress and the hat with red trimming.  The defense then called me. I had to admit that the dress and hat as described were almost certainly the ones I had seen on the bed in Jennie Brice's room the day before she disappeared. I could not say definitely whether the woman in the photograph was Jennie Brice or not; under a magnifying-glass thought it might be.  Defense called Jonathan Alexander, a druggist who testified that on the night in question he had been roused at half past three by the prisoner, who had said his wife was ill, and had purchased a bottle of a proprietary remedy from him. His identification was absolute.  The defense called Jennie Brice's sister, and endeavored to prove that Jennie Brice had had no such scar. It was shown that she was on intimate terms with her family and would hardly have concealed an operation of any gravity from them.  The defense scored that day. They had shown that the prisoner had told the truth when he said he had gone to a pharmacy for medicine that night for his wife; and they had shown that a woman, answering the description of Jennie Brice, spent two days in a town called Horner, and had gone from there on Wednesday after the crime. And they had shown that this woman was attired as Jennie Brice had been.  That was the way things stood on the afternoon of the fourth day, when court adjourned.  Mr. Reynolds was at home when I got there. He had been very much subdued since the developments of that first day of the trial, sat mostly in his own room, and had twice brought me a bunch of jonquils as a peace-offering. He had the kettle boiling when I got home.  "You have had a number of visitors," he said. "Our young friend Howell has been here, and Mr. Holcombe has arrived and has a man in his room."  Mr. Holcombe came down a moment after, with his face beaming.  "I think we've got him, Mrs. Pitman," he said. "The jury won't even go out of the box."  But further than that he would not explain. He said he had a witness locked in his room, and he'd be glad of supper for him, as they'd both come a long ways. And he went out and bought some oysters and a bottle or two of beer. But as far as I know, he kept him locked up all that night in the second-story front room. I don't think the man knew he was a prisoner. I went in to turn down the bed, and he was sitting by the window, reading the evening paper's account of the trial--an elderly gentleman, rather professional-looking.  Mr. Holcombe slept on the upper landing of the hall that night, rolled in a blanket--not that I think his witness even thought of escaping, but the little man was taking no chances.  At eight o'clock that night the bell rang. It was Mr. Howell. I admitted him myself, and he followed me back to the dining-room. I had not seen him for several weeks, and the change in him startled me. He was dressed carefully, but his eyes were sunken in his head, and he looked as if he had not slept for days.  Mr. Reynolds had gone up-stairs, not finding me socially inclined.  "You haven't been sick, Mr. Howell, have you?" I asked.  "Oh, no, I'm well enough, I've been traveling about. Those infernal sleeping-cars--"  His voice trailed off, and I saw him looking at my mother's picture, with the jonquils beneath.  "That's curious!" he said, going closer. "It--it looks almost like Lida Harvey."  "My mother," I said simply.  "Have you seen her lately?"  "My mother?" I asked, startled.  "No, Lida."  "I saw her a few days ago."  "Here?"  "Yes. She came here, Mr. Howell, two weeks ago. She looks badly--as if she is worrying."  "Not--about me?" he asked eagerly.  "Yes, about you. What possessed you to go away as you did? When my--bro--when her uncle accused you of something, you ran away, instead of facing things like a man."  "I was trying to find the one person who could clear me, Mrs. Pitman." He sat back, with his eyes closed; he looked ill enough to be in bed.  "And you succeeded?"  "No."  I thought perhaps he had not been eating and I offered him food, as I had once before. But he refused it, with the ghost of his boyish smile.  "I'm hungry, but it's not food I want. I want to see _her_," he said.  I sat down across from him and tried to mend a table-cloth, but I could not sew. I kept seeing those two young things, each sick for a sight of the other, and, from wishing they could have a minute together, I got to planning it for them.  "Perhaps," I said finally, "if you want it very much--"  "Very much!"  "And if you will sit quiet, and stop tapping your fingers together until you drive me crazy, I might contrive it for you. For five minutes," I said. "Not a second longer."  He came right over and put his arms around me.  "Who are you, anyhow?" he said. "You who turn to the world the frozen mask of a Union Street boarding-house landlady, who are a gentlewoman by every instinct and training, and a girl at heart? Who are you?"  "I'll tell you what I am," I said. "I'm a romantic old fool, and you'd better let me do this quickly, before I change my mind."  He freed me at that, but he followed to the telephone, and stood by while I got Lida. He was in a perfect frenzy of anxiety, turning red and white by turns, and in the middle of the conversation taking the receiver bodily from me and holding it to his own ear.  She said she thought she could get away; she spoke guardedly, as if Alma were near, but I gathered that she would come as soon as she could, and, from the way her voice broke, I knew she was as excited as the boy beside me.  She came, heavily coated and veiled, at a quarter after ten that night, and I took her back to the dining-room, where he was waiting. That Thursday proved to be an exciting day. For late in the afternoon Terry, digging the mud out of the cellar, came across my missing gray false front near the coal vault, and brought it up, grinning. And just before six, Mr. Graves, the detective, rang the bell and then let himself in. I found him in the lower hall, looking around.  "Well, Mrs. Pitman," he said, "has our friend come back yet?"  "She was no friend of mine."  "Not _she_. Ladley. He'll be out this evening, and he'll probably be around for his clothes."  I felt my knees waver, as they always did when he was spoken of.  "He may want to stay here," said Mr. Graves. "In fact, I think that's just what he _will_ want."  "Not here," I protested. "The very thought of him makes me quake."  "If he comes here, better take him in. I want to know where he is."  I tried to say that I wouldn't have him, but the old habit of the ward asserted itself. From taking a bottle of beer or a slice of pie, to telling one where one might or might not live, the police were autocrats in that neighborhood. And, respectable woman that I am, my neighbors' fears of the front office have infected me.  "All right, Mr. Graves," I said.  He pushed the parlor door open and looked in, whistling. "This is the place, isn't it?"  "Yes. But it was up-stairs that he--"  "I see. Tall woman, Mrs. Ladley?"  "Tall and blond. Very airy in her manner."  He nodded and still stood looking in and whistling. "Never heard her speak of a town named Horner, did you?"  "Horner? No."  "I see." He turned and wandered out again into the hall, still whistling. At the door, however, he stopped and turned. "Look anything like this?" he asked, and held out one of his hands, with a small kodak picture on the palm.  It was a snap-shot of a children's frolic in a village street, with some onlookers in the background. Around one of the heads had been drawn a circle in pencil. I took it to the gas-jet and looked at it closely. It was a tall woman with a hat on, not unlike Jennie Brice. She was looking over the crowd, and I could see only her face, and that in shadow. I shook my head.  "I thought not," he said. "We have a lot of stage pictures of her, but what with false hair and their being retouched beyond recognition, they don't amount to much." He started out, and stopped on the door-step to light a cigar.  "Take him on if he comes," he said. "And keep your eyes open. Feed him well, and he won't kill you!"  I had plenty to think of when I was cooking Mr. Reynolds' supper: the chance that I might have Mr. Ladley again, and the woman at Horner. For it had come to me like a flash, as Mr. Graves left, that the "Horn--" on the paper slip might have been "Horner."      After all, there was nothing sensational about Mr. Ladley's return. He came at eight o'clock that night, fresh-shaved and with his hair cut, and, although he had a latch-key, he rang the door-bell. I knew his ring, and I thought it no harm to carry an old razor of Mr. Pitman's with the blade open and folded back on the handle, the way the colored people use them, in my left hand.  But I saw at once that he meant no mischief.  "Good evening," he said, and put out his hand. I jumped back, until I saw there was nothing in it and that he only meant to shake hands. I didn't do it; I might have to take him in, and make his bed, and cook his meals, but I did not have to shake hands with him.  "You, too!" he said, looking at me with what I suppose he meant to be a reproachful look. But he could no more put an expression of that sort in his eyes than a fish could. "I suppose, then, there is no use asking if I may have my old room? The front room. I won't need two."  I didn't want him, and he must have seen it. But I took him. "You may have it, as far as I'm concerned," I said. "But you'll have to let the paper-hanger in to-morrow."  "Assuredly." He came into the hall and stood looking around him, and I fancied he drew a breath of relief. "It isn't much yet," he said, "but it's better to look at than six feet of muddy water."  "Or than stone walls," I said.  He looked at me and smiled. "Or than stone walls," he repeated, bowing, and went into his room.  So I had him again, and if I gave him only the dull knives, and locked up the bread-knife the moment I had finished with it, who can blame me? I took all the precaution I could think of: had Terry put an extra bolt on every door, and hid the rat poison and the carbolic acid in the cellar.  Peter would not go near him. He hobbled around on his three legs, with the splint beating a sort of tattoo on the floor, but he stayed back in the kitchen with me, or in the yard.  It was Sunday night or early Monday morning that Jennie Brice disappeared. On Thursday evening, her husband came back. On Friday the body of a woman was washed ashore at Beaver, but turned out to be that of a stewardess who had fallen overboard from one of the Cincinnati packets. Mr. Ladley himself showed me the article in the morning paper, when I took in his breakfast.  "Public hysteria has killed a man before this," he said, when I had read it. "Suppose that woman had been mangled, or the screw of the steamer had cut her head off! How many people do you suppose would have been willing to swear that it was my--was Mrs. Ladley?"  "Even without a head, I should know Mrs. Ladley," I retorted.  He shrugged his shoulders. "Let's trust she's still alive, for my sake," he said. "But I'm glad, anyhow, that this woman had a head. You'll allow me to be glad, won't you?"  "You can be anything you want, as far as I'm concerned," I snapped, and went out.  Mr. Holcombe still retained the second-story front room. I think, although he said nothing more about it, that he was still "playing horse." He wrote a good bit at the wash-stand, and, from the loose sheets of manuscript he left, I believe actually tried to begin a play. But mostly he wandered along the water-front, or stood on one or another of the bridges, looking at the water and thinking. It is certain that he tried to keep in the part by smoking cigarettes, but he hated them, and usually ended by throwing the cigarette away and lighting an old pipe he carried.  On that Thursday evening he came home and sat down to supper with Mr. Reynolds. He ate little and seemed much excited. The talk ran on crime, as it always did when he was around, and Mr. Holcombe quoted Spencer a great deal--Herbert Spencer. Mr. Reynolds was impressed, not knowing much beyond silks and the National League.  "Spencer," Mr. Holcombe would say--"Spencer shows that every occurrence is the inevitable result of what has gone before, and carries in its train an equally inevitable series of results. Try to interrupt this chain in the smallest degree, and what follows? Chaos, my dear sir, chaos."  "We see that at the store," Mr. Reynolds would say. "Accustom a lot of women to a silk sale on Fridays and then make it toothbrushes. That's chaos, all right."  Well, Mr. Holcombe came in that night about ten o'clock, and I told him Ladley was back. He was almost wild with excitement; wanted to have the back parlor, so he could watch him through the keyhole, and was terribly upset when I told him there was no keyhole, that the door fastened with a thumb bolt. On learning that the room was to be papered the next morning, he grew calmer, however, and got the paper-hanger's address from me. He went out just after that.  Friday, as I say, was very quiet. Mr. Ladley moved to the back parlor to let the paper-hanger in the front room, smoked and fussed with his papers all day, and Mr. Holcombe stayed in his room, which was unusual. In the afternoon Molly Maguire put on the striped fur coat and went out, going slowly past the house so that I would be sure to see her. Beyond banging the window down, I gave her no satisfaction.  At four o'clock Mr. Holcombe came to my kitchen, rubbing his hands together. He had a pasteboard tube in his hand about a foot long, with an arrangement of small mirrors in it. He said it was modeled after the something or other that is used on a submarine, and that he and the paper-hanger had fixed a place for it between his floor and the ceiling of Mr. Ladley's room, so that the chandelier would hide it from below. He thought he could watch Mr. Ladley through it; and as it turned out, he could.  "I want to find his weak moment," he said excitedly. "I want to know what he does when the door is closed and he can take off his mask. And I want to know if he sleeps with a light."  "If he does," I replied, "I hope you'll let me know, Mr. Holcombe. The gas bills are a horror to me as it is. I think he kept it on all last night. I turned off all the other lights and went to the cellar. The meter was going around."  "Fine!" he said. "Every murderer fears the dark. And our friend of the parlor bedroom is a murderer, Mrs. Pitman. Whether he hangs or not, he's a murderer."  The mirror affair, which Mr. Holcombe called a periscope, was put in that day and worked amazingly well. I went with him to try it out, and I distinctly saw the paper-hanger take a cigarette from Mr. Ladley's case and put it in his pocket. Just after that, Mr. Ladley sauntered into the room and looked at the new paper. I could both see and hear him. It was rather weird.  "God, what a wall-paper!" he said.      That was Friday afternoon. All that evening, and most of Saturday and Sunday, Mr. Holcombe sat on the floor, with his eye to the reflecting mirror and his note-book beside him. I have it before me.  On the first page is the "dog meat--two dollars" entry. On the next, the description of what occurred on Sunday night, March fourth, and Monday morning, the fifth. Following that came a sketch, made with a carbon sheet, of the torn paper found behind the wash-stand:  And then came the entries for Friday, Saturday and Sunday. Friday evening:  6:30--Eating hearty supper.  7:00--Lights cigarette and paces floor. Notice that when Mrs. P. knocks, he goes to desk and pretends to be writing.  8:00--Is examining book. Looks like a railway guide.  8:30--It is a steamship guide.  8:45--Tailor's boy brings box. Gives boy fifty cents. Query. Where does he get money, now that J.B. is gone?  9:00--Tries on new suit, brown.  9:30--Has been spending a quarter of an hour on his knees looking behind furniture and examining base-board.  10:00--He has the key to the onyx clock. Has hidden it twice, once up the chimney flue, once behind base-board.  10:15--He has just thrown key or similar small article outside window into yard.  11:00--Has gone to bed. Light burning. Shall sleep here on floor.  11:30--He can not sleep. Is up walking the floor and smoking.  2:00 A.M.--Saturday. Disturbance below. He had had nightmare and was calling "Jennie!" He got up, took a drink, and is now reading.  8:00 A.M.--Must have slept. He is shaving.  12:00 M.--Nothing this morning. He wrote for four hours, sometimes reading aloud what he had written.  2:00 P.M.--He has a visitor, a man. Can not hear all--word now and then. "Llewellyn is the very man." "Devil of a risk--" "We'll see you through." "Lost the slip--" "Didn't go to the hotel. She went to a private house." "Eliza Shaeffer."  Who went to a private house? Jennie Brice?  2:30--Can not hear. Are whispering. The visitor has given Ladley roll of bills.  4:00--Followed the visitor, a tall man with a pointed beard. He went to the Liberty Theater. Found it was Bronson, business manager there. Who is Llewellyn, and who is Eliza Shaeffer?  4:15--Had Mrs. P. bring telephone book: six Llewellyns in the book; no Eliza Shaeffer. Ladley appears more cheerful since Bronson's visit. He has bought all the evening papers and is searching for something. Has not found it.  7:00--Ate well. Have asked Mrs. P. to take my place here, while I interview the six Llewellyns.  11:00--Mrs. P. reports a quiet evening. He read and smoked. Has gone to bed. Light burning. Saw five Llewellyns. None of them knew Bronson or Ladley. Sixth--a lawyer--out at revival meeting. Went to the church and walked home with him. He knows something. Acknowledged he knew Bronson. Had met Ladley. Did not believe Mrs. Ladley dead. Regretted I had not been to the meeting. Good sermon. Asked me for a dollar for missions.  9:00 A.M.--Sunday. Ladley in bad shape. Apparently been drinking all night. Can not eat. Sent out early for papers, and has searched them all. Found entry on second page, stared at it, then flung the paper away. Have sent out for same paper.  10:00 A.M.--Paper says: "Body of woman washed ashore yesterday at Sewickley. Much mutilated by flood dbris." Ladley in bed, staring at ceiling. Wonder if he sees tube? He is ghastly.  That is the last entry in the note-book for that day. Mr. Holcombe called me in great excitement shortly after ten and showed me the item. Neither of us doubted for a moment that it was Jennie Brice who had been found. He started for Sewickley that same afternoon, and he probably communicated with the police before he left. For once or twice I saw Mr. Graves, the detective, sauntering past the house.  Mr. Ladley ate no dinner. He went out at four, and I had Mr. Reynolds follow him. But they were both back in a half-hour. Mr. Reynolds reported that Mr. Ladley had bought some headache tablets and some bromide powders to make him sleep.  Mr. Holcombe came back that evening. He thought the body was that of Jennie Brice, but the head was gone. He was much depressed, and did not immediately go back to the periscope. I asked if the head had been cut off or taken off by a steamer; he was afraid the latter, as a hand was gone, too.  It was about eleven o'clock that night that the door-bell rang. It was Mr. Graves, with a small man behind him. I knew the man; he lived in a shanty-boat not far from my house--a curious affair with shelves full of dishes and tinware. In the spring he would be towed up the Monongahela a hundred miles or so and float down, tying up at different landings and selling his wares. Timothy Senft was his name. We called him Tim.  Mr. Graves motioned me to be quiet. Both of us knew that behind the parlor door Ladley was probably listening.  "Sorry to get you up, Mrs. Pitman," said Mr. Graves, "but this man says he has bought beer here to-day. That won't do, Mrs. Pitman."  "Beer! I haven't such a thing in the house. Come in and look," I snapped. And the two of them went back to the kitchen.  "Now," said Mr. Graves, when I had shut the door, "where's the dog's-meat man?"  "Up-stairs."  "Bring him quietly."  I called Mr. Holcombe, and he came eagerly, note-book and all. "Ah!" he said, when he saw Tim. "So you've turned up!"  "Yes, sir."  "It seems, Mr. Dog's--Mr. Holcombe," said Mr. Graves, "that you are right, partly, anyhow. Tim here _did_ help a man with a boat that night--"  "Threw him a rope, sir," Tim broke in. "He'd got out in the current, and what with the ice, and his not knowing much about a boat, he'd have kept on to New Orleans if I hadn't caught him--or Kingdom Come."  "Exactly. And what time did you say this was?"  "Between three and four last Sunday night--or Monday morning. He said he couldn't sleep and went out in a boat, meaning to keep in close to shore. But he got drawn out in the current."  "Where did you see him first?"  "By the Ninth Street bridge."  "Did you hail him?"  "He saw my light and hailed me. I was making fast to a coal barge after one of my ropes had busted."  "You threw the line to him there?"  "No, sir. He tried to work in to shore. I ran along River Avenue to below the Sixth Street bridge. He got pretty close in there and I threw him a rope. He was about done up."  "Would you know him again?"  "Yes, sir. He gave me five dollars, and said to say nothing about it. He didn't want anybody to know he had been such a fool."  They took him quietly up stairs then and let him look through the periscope. _He identified Mr. Ladley absolutely_.  When Tim and Mr. Graves had gone, Mr. Holcombe and I were left alone in the kitchen. Mr. Holcombe leaned over and patted Peter as he lay in his basket.  "We've got him, old boy," he said. "The chain is just about complete. He'll never kick you again."  But Mr. Holcombe was wrong, not about kicking Peter,--although I don't believe Mr. Ladley ever did that again,--but in thinking we had him.  I washed that next morning, Monday, but all the time I was rubbing and starching and hanging out, my mind was with Jennie Brice. The sight of Molly Maguire, next door, at the window, rubbing and brushing at the fur coat, only made things worse.  At noon when the Maguire youngsters came home from school, I bribed Tommy, the youngest, into the kitchen, with the promise of a doughnut.  "I see your mother has a new fur coat," I said, with the plate of doughnuts just beyond his reach.  "Yes'm."  "She didn't buy it?"  "She didn't buy it. Say, Mrs. Pitman, gimme that doughnut."  "Oh, so the coat washed in!"  "No'm. Pap found it, down by the Point, on a cake of ice. He thought it was a dog, and rowed out for it."  Well, I hadn't wanted the coat, as far as that goes; I'd managed well enough without furs for twenty years or more. But it was a satisfaction to know that it had not floated into Mrs. Maguire's kitchen and spread itself at her feet, as one may say. However, that was not the question, after all. The real issue was that if it was Jennie Brice's coat, and was found across the river on a cake of ice, then one of two things was certain: either Jennie Brice's body wrapped in the coat had been thrown into the water, out in the current, or she herself, hoping to incriminate her husband, had flung her coat into the river.  I told Mr. Holcombe, and he interviewed Joe Maguire that afternoon. The upshot of it was that Tommy had been correctly informed. Joe had witnesses who had lined up to see him rescue a dog, and had beheld his return in triumph with a wet and soggy fur coat. At three o'clock Mrs. Maguire, instructed by Mr. Graves, brought the coat to me for identification, turning it about for my inspection, but refusing to take her hands off it.  "If her husband says to me that he wants it back, well and good," she said, "but I don't give it up to nobody but him. Some folks I know of would be glad enough to have it."  I was certain it was Jennie Brice's coat, but the maker's name had been ripped out. With Molly holding one arm and I the other, we took it to Mr. Ladley's door and knocked. He opened it, grumbling.  "I have asked you not to interrupt me," he said, with his pen in his hand. His eyes fell on the coat. "What's that?" he asked, changing color.