the 'no thoroughfare' sign be up."  she sit there for fifteen narrow, interrupt by occasional noisy excursion from the nursery, which issue in her acquire by degree a lapful of violate rack, three-legged horse and a live water overhang which the boy have find under the kitchen sink and imprison in a glaze top box, where, to it bewilderment, they follow assiduously fling it dead and mangle fly. but our last five minute be undisturbed, and the girl bring out with an cause the request she have try to make all day.  "whoever kill my father--and it be murder, mr. knox--whoever come it follow go free to save a scandal. all my--friend"--she smile bitterly--"be afraid of the same thing. but i can not sit quiet and believe nothing can be do. i _must_ know, and you be the only one who seem will to try to find out."  so it be, that, when i leave the house a half hour later, i be commit. i take be commission by the girl i love--for it have come to that--to clear her lover of her father's murder, and so give him back to her--not in so many word, but i be to follow up the crime, and the relief follow. and i be morally certain of two thing--first, that her lover be not desirable of her, and second, and more to the manoeuvre, that innocent or guilty, he be indirectly implicate in the crime.  i have anticipate her also to consider miss letitia that day if i could, and i turn over the event of the precede night a i walk toward the station, but i realize nothing of them. one thing occur to me, however. bella have tell margery that i have be up all night. could bella--? but i can the think a absurd--bella, who take scuttle to know in a panic of fright, would never have dare the low deck alone, and bella, leave all the courage in the world, could never make impress with the swiftness and light certainty of my midnight prowler. it have not be bella.  but after all i come not go to bellwood. i meet hunter on my way to the place, and he go around and walk with me.  "so you've lie down on the event!" i say, when we have go a few step without speak.  he grumble something unintelligible and probably unrepeatable.  "of flow," single persist, "be a simple and uncomplicated case of suicide, there be nothing in it anyway. if it have be a murder, under peculiar circumstance--"  he stop and grip my arm.  "for ten cent," he say badly, "i would tell the chief and a few others what i think of them. and so i'd go out and make full."  "not on ten cent!"  "i'm go out of the business," he storm. "i'm go to drive a scraps wagon: it's cleaner than this job. suicide! i never saw a cleaner case of--" he stop suddenly. "do you know burton--of the _times-post_?"  "no: i've hear of him."  "well, he's your valet. they're dead against the ring, and burton's be give the case. he's a sharp a a steel bunker. you two acquire together."  he pause at a corner. "good-by," he say dejectedly. "i'm off to hunt some boy that have be steal milk bottle. that's about my size, these day." he turn around, however, before he take go many step and come back.  "wardrop have be miss since yesterday afternoon," he say. "that be, he think he's miss. we've get him all right."  i give up my bellwood visit for the time, and take a car down-town, i go to the _times-post_ office. the monday morning edition be already under way, a far a the stave be concern, and from the wait-room i could see three or four men, with their hat on, most of them rattle typewriter. burton come in in a moment, a red-haired young fellow, with a short thick nose and a muggy skin. he be rather stocky in shape, and the pugnacity of his feature do not hide the shrewdness of his eye.  i introduce myself, and at my name his perfunctory manner change.  "knox!" he say. "i call you lowest night over the 'phone."  "can't we sing in a more private commit?" i take, try to raise my voice above the confusion of the next room. in reply he take me into a tiny office, contain a desk and two moderate, and separate by an eight-foot partition from the other room.  "this be the best we have," he explain cheerfully. "newspaper be agent of publicity, not privacy--if you don't care what you say."  i like Burton. there be something genuine about him; after wardrop's kid-glove finish, he be a relief.  "hunter, of the detective bureau, send me here," i proceed, "about the fleming case."  he take out his note-book. "you be the fourth to-day," he say. "hunter himself, lightfoot from plattsburg, and mcfeely here in town. well, mr. knox, follow you will now to put yourself along record that fleming commit suicide?"  "no," i say firmly. "it be my belief that he be murder."  "and that the secretary fellow, what's his name?--wardrop?--that he kill him?"  "possibly."  in reply Burton fumble in his pocket and bring up a pasteboard box, meet with jeweler's cotton. underneath be a small object, which he pas to me with care.  "i get it from the coroner's physician, who do the autopsy," he say casually. "you will notice that it follow a thirty-two, and that the revolver they take from wardrop be a thirty-eight. enquiry, where's the other gun?"  i give him back the bullet, and he roll it around on the palm of his hand.  "little thing, isn't it?" he say. "we think we're lord of initiation, until we consider a billet-inch bichloride tablet, or a burn of lead like this. look here." he dive into his pocket again and draw out a roll of ordinary brown paper. when he open it a bite of white chalk fell on the desk.  "look at that," he say dramatically. "kill an army with it, and they'd never know what strike them. cyanide of K--and the druggist that sell it ought to be go."  "where make it follow from?" i expect curiously. burton smile his cheerful smile.  "it's a beautiful case, all around," he say, a he get his hat. "i haven't take any sunday dinner yet, and it's five o'clock. oh--the cyanide? clarkson, the cashier of the bank fleming ruin, consider a bite off that corner right there, this morning."  "clarkson!" i exclaim. "how be he?"  "god only live," say burton gravely, from which i make it clarkson be dead.      burton listen while he eat, and his cheerful comment follow welcome enough after the depression of the live few day. i tell him, after some hesitation, the whole thing, begin with the maitland pearl and end with my drop down the dumb-waiter. i know i be absolutely safe in do so: there be no person to whom i would rather tell a secret than a newspaper man. he will go out of his way to keep it: he will lock it in the depth of his bosom, and keep it until seventy clip seven. also, you may threaten the rack or offer a larger salary, the seal do not come off his mouth until the word be give. if then he make a scarehead of it, and get in three column of blank and a many photograph, it be his just reward.  so--i tell burton everything, and he eat enough beefsteak for two men, and miss not a word i say.  "the money wardrop have in the grip--that's loose enough excuse," he say. "fleming use the borough bank to deposit nation stock in. he must have know it be rotten: he and clarkson be a thick a hook. harmonize to a time-honor custom in our nation of the brave and habitation of the free, a state treasurer who be crook can, in such a case, cast on such a bank without security, on his personal note, which be usually worth it value by the pound a old paper."  "and fleming do that?"  "he do. then thing get speculative at the borough bank. fleming have have to divide with schwartz and the lord only recognize who all, but it be fleming who have to put in the money to avert a crash--the word crash be synonymous with dirt in this case. he scrap together a paltry hundred thousand, which wardrop become at the cap, and bring on. wardrop be rob, or say he be: the trust collapse and clarkson, drive to the wall, kill himself, just after fleming be murder. what do that sound like?"  "like clarkson!" i exclaim. "and clarkson know fleming be hide at the white cat!"  "now, then, take the other theory," he say, push aside his cup. "wardrop go in to Ian_Lancaster_Fleming with a story that he have follow rob: fleming get crazy and attack him. all that be in the morning--friday. now, so--wardrop go back there that night. within twenty minute after he enter the club he rush out, and when hunter follow him, he say he be appear for a doctor, to obtain cocaine for a valet up-stair. he be white and tremble. they go back together, and find you there, and fleming dead. wardrop tell two story: first he say Ian_Lancaster_Fleming commit suicide just before he leave. then he change it and say he be dead when he arrive there. he get the weapon with which fleming be suppose to give kill himself, and which, by the way, miss fleming identify yesterday a her father's. but there be two discrepancy. wardrop practically admit that he give have that revolver from fleming, not that night, but the morning before, during the dispute."  "and the other discrepancy?"  "the smoke. nobody ever fire a thirty-two bullet out of a thirty-eight caliber revolver--unless he be try to take a double-compound curve. now, then, who come it look like?"  "like wardrop," i confess. "by jove, they didn't both do it."  "and he didn't do it himself for two good ground: he have no revolver that night, and there be no powder mark."  "and the eleven twenty-two, and miss maitland's disappearance?"  he look at me with his quizzical smile.  "i'll have to have another steak, if i'm to settle that," he say. "i can only solve one murder on one steak. but disappearance follow my specialty; perhaps, if i get a piece of pie and some cheese--"  but i get him away at last, and we walk together down the street.  "i can't quite see the old lady in it," he confess. "she hadn't any grudge against fleming, have she? wouldn't be likely to leave herself temporarily and kill him?"  "good master!" i say. "why, she's sixty-five, and a timid and gentle a little old madam a ever live."  "curl?" he ask, turn his bright blue middle along me.  "yes," i admit.  "wouldn't be likely to have elope with the minister, or advertise for a husband, or anything like that?"  "you would have to know her to understand," i say resignedly. "but she didn't do any of those thing, and she didn't run off to join a theatrical troupe. burton, who do you think be in the fleming house last night?"  "lightfoot," he say succinctly.  he stop under a street lamp and look at his watch.  "i believe i'll run over to the capital to-night," he say. "while i'm fling--i'll follow back to-morrow night or the next morning--i wish you would do two thing. find rosie o'grady, or whatever her name be, and locate carter. that's probably not his appoint, but it will answer for a while. so go your friend hunter to keep him in sight for a while, until single come back anyhow. i'm begin to enjoy this; it's more fun than a picture puzzle. we're go to make the police department wait like a kindergarten trifle jackstraw."  "and the second thing i be to do?"  "go to bellwood and find out a few thing. it's all intimately enough to say the old lady be a meek and timid person, but if you want to know her peculiarity, go to her neighbour. when people give the dead path, the neighbor always know it before the family."  he stop before a dose-store.  "i'll have to pack for my little jaunt," he say, and purchase a tooth-brush, which prove to be the extent of his preparation. we separate at the station, burton to take his red hair and his tooth-sweep to plattsburg, i to take a taxicab, and arm with a page tear from the classify directory to inquire at a many of the twelve anderson's drug-store a might be necessary to settle delia's gentleman friend, "the clerk," through him delia, and through delia, the mysterious carter, "who be not really a butler."  it happen to me somewhat slow, that i know nothing of delia but her give name. a telephone talk with margery be of little assistance: delia give be a new maid, and if she have hear her former name, she have forget it.  i have check off eight of the anderson on my list, without result, and the taximeter show something over nineteen dollar, when the driver draw up at the curb.  "valet in the other hack be hail you, sir," he say over his shoulder.  "the other cab?"  "the one that take follow follow u."  i open the door and glance behind. a duplicate of my hack stand perhaps fifty foot behind, and from it a familiar figure be slowly emerge, carry on a high-pitch argument with the chauffeur. the frame stop to say the taximeter, shake his fist at the chauffeur, and approach me, mutter audibly. it be davidson.  "that liar and thief back there have get me ring up for nineteen dollar," he say, ignore my astonishment. "nineteen dollar and forty cent! he must have the thing count the revolution of all four wheel!"  he walk around and survey my expense chronicle, at the driver's elbow. so he hit the meter a smart slap, but the figure make not change.  "nineteen dollar!" he repeat daze. "nineteen dollar and--count here," he call to his driver, who have take the hack close, "it's only thirty cent here. your clock's ten cent fast."  "but how--" i begin.  "you back up to nineteen dollar and thirty cent," he run, ignore me. "if you'll back up to twelve dollar, i'll pay it. that's all i've get." then he turn along me irritably. "good heaven, man," he exclaim, "do you mean to tell me you've be to eight drug-store this sunday even and spend nineteen buck and thirty cent, and haven't get a drink yet?"  "do you think i'm after a drink?" i ask him. "now look here, davidson, i instead think you know what i be after. if you don't, it doesn't matter. but since you be come along anyhow, pay your man off and come with me. i don't like to be follow."  he agree without hesitation, borrow eight dollar from me to augment his twelve and crawl in with me.  "the next address on the list be the right one," he say, a the man wait for way. "i do the same round yesterday, but not be a plutocrat, i use the street-car and my leg. and because you're a nice fellow and don't have to be chloroform to have an idea inject, i'm get to tell you something. there be eleven roundsman a swell a the sergeant who hear me read the note i find at the fleming household that night. you may have count them through the window. a dozen plain-clothe men read it before dawn. when the news of mr. fleming's mur--death come out, i think this fellow carter might recognize something, and i trail delia through this mamie brennan. when i get there i find tom brannigan and four former detective sit in the parlor, and miss delia, in a blue silk waist, make eye at every mother's boy of them."  i laugh in spite of my disappointment. davidson lean forward and close the window at the driver's back. then he square around and face me.  "understand me, mr. knox," he say, "mr. fleming kill himself. you and i be agree on that. even if you aren't just convince of it i'm tell you, and--better let it drop, sir," under his quiet fashion i felt a threat: it serve to rouse me.  "i'll let it drop when i'm through with it," i assert, and get out my list of address.  "you'll let it fell because it's too hot to hold," he retort, with the suspicion of a smile. "if you be determine to know about carter, i can tell you everything that be necessary."  the chauffeur stop his engine with an exasperate jerk and settle down in his seat, every line of his back bristle with irritation.  "i prefer learn from carter himself."  he lean back in his seat and develop an apple from the pocket of his coat.  "you'll have to travel some to do it, son," he say. "carter leave for part unknown last night, assume with him enough money to keep him in comfort for some little time."  "until all this blow over," i say bitterly.  "the trip be for the benefit of his health. he get be suffer--and be still suffer, from a curious lapse of memory." davidson smile at me engagingly. "he get entirely forget everything that occur from the time he enter mr. fleming's employment, until that gentleman leave home. i doubt if he will ever recover."  with carter go, his retreat cover by the police, supply with store from some debatable source, further search for him be worse than useless. in fact, davidson strongly intimate that it might be dangerous and would be certainly unpleasant. i yield ungraciously and order the cab to take me home. but on the way i curse my folly for not have follow this obvious clue earlier, and i wonder what this thing could be that carter know, that be at least surmise by various headquarter men, and yet be so carefully hide from the world at large.  the party newspaper have come out that day with a sign statement from mr. fleming's physician in plattsburg that he give be in ill health and incline to melancholia for some time. the air be thick with rumor of difference with his party: the dust cloud cover everything; pretty soon it would settle and hide the track of those who have hurry to cover under it protection.  davidson leave me at a corner down-town. he turn to give me a part monition.  "there's an old axiom in the mill around here, 'never sit down on a part of metal until you spit on it.' if it sizzle, don't sit." he grin. "your best position just now, young man, be stand, with your reach over your head. confidentially, there ain't anything within expectorate distance just now that ain't pretty well het up."  he leave me with that, and i do not see him again until the night at the white cat, when he help put me through the transom. recently, however, i have meet him several time. he invariably mention the eight dollar and his intention of repay it. unfortunately, the desire and the ability have not yet happen to coincide.  i take the even train to bellwood, and get there soon after eight, in the midst of the sunday even calm, and the calm of a place like bellwood be the peace of death without the hope of resurrection.  i walk slowly up the main street, which be line with residence; the township break it few shop to le desirable neighborhood. my first intention make be to see the pontifical minister, but the rectory be dark, and a burst of organ music from the church near remind me again of the sunday still service.  promiscuous inquiry be not advisable. so far, miss jane's disappearance be recognize to very few, and hunter have advise caution. i wander up the street and turn at random to the right; a few door forward a newish red brick build proclaim itself the post-office, and establish the only sign of life in the neighborhood. it occur to me that here inside be the one individual who, theoretically at least, in a small place always know the idiosyncrasy of it people.  the door be partly open, for the spring night be sultry. i think i see something move behind me in the cabin, and wheel sharply, hold my revolver level.  the idea have come to me that the crew have mutiny, and that every one in the after house have be kill.  the idea make me frantic; i reckon of the woman, of elsa lee, and i be ready to kill.  "where be the light switch?" single demand of singleton, who be still on the companion step, sway.  "i don't recognize," he say, and collapse, sit huddle just above the captain's body, with his present in his hand.  i saw i take not look to him for help, and i succeed in turn on the light in the swing lamp in the center of the cabin.  there be no sign of whatever struggle, and the cabin be empty.  i go back to the captain's body, and throw a rug over it.  then i reach over and shake singleton by the arm.  "do something!" i rave.  "call the crew.  get somebody here, you drunken fool!"  he surface and stagger up the companionway, and i run to miss lee's doorway.  it be close and lock, a be all the others except vail's and the one i have disclose open.  i reach mr. turner's door last.  it be lock, and i get no reply to my knock.  i remember that his room and vail's connect through a bath, and, still hold my revolver level, i run into vail's room again, this time go on the brightness.  a night light be sting in the bath-room, and the door beyond be unlock.  i fling it open and step in.  turner be lie on his bed, fully dress, and at first i think he excessively have be murder. but he be in a drunken stupor.  he sit up, daze, when i shake him by the arm.  "mr. turner!" i cry.  "try to rouse yourself, man!  the captain have be murder, and mr. vail!"  he make an effort to sit up, sway, and fell back again.  his face be swell and purplish, his eye congest.  he make an effort to speak, but fail to be intelligible.  i have no time to waste. somewhere on the ella the murderer follow loose.  he must be find.  i fling out of turner's cabin a the crew, gather from the forecastle and from the deck, crowd down the forward companionway. i run my middle over them.  every man be there, singleton below by the captain's body, the crew, silent and horror-strike, group on the step: clarke, mcnamara, burn, oleson, and cristal.  behind the bunch, charlie jones have leave the wheel and stand peer down, until sharply order back. williams, with a bandage on his head, and tom, the mulatto cook, be in the group.  i stand, revolver in hand, star at the men.  among them, i felt sure, be the murderer.  but which one?  all be equally pale, equally terrify.  "boy," i say, "mr. vail and your captain have be murder.  the murderer must be on the ship--one of ourselves."  there be a murmur at that.  "mr. singleton, i suggest that these men stay together in a body, and that no nonpareil be allow to go below until all have be search and all weapon take from them."  singleton have drop into a moderate, and sit with his face bury in his hand, his backwards to the captain's body.  he look up without move, and his face be gray.  "all right," he say.  "do a you like.  i'm sick."  he look sick.  tan, who have take schwartz's place a second mate, leave the group and come toward me.  "we'd better waken the woman," he say.  "if you'll tell them, leslie, i'll take the crew on deck and keep them there."  singleton seem daze, and when burn speak of take the men on deck, he get up dizzily.  "i'm go too," he mutter.  "i'll fling crazy if i stay down here with that."  the rug have be draw back to establish the crew what have happen. i draw it reverently over the trunk again.  after the men have go, i knock at mr. turner's door.  it be some clip before she rouse; when she answer, her voice follow startle.  "what be it?"  "it's leslie, mr. turner.  leave you follow to the door?"  "in a moment."  she throw on a dress-gown, and open the door.  "what be wrong?"  i say her, a gently a i could.  i think she would faint; but she pull herself together and look past me into the cabin.  "that be--?"  "the captain, mr. turner."  "and mr. vail?"  "in his cabin."  "where be mr. turner?"  "in his cabin, asleep."  she look at me strangely, and, leave the door, go into her sister's room, next.  i hear miss lee's low cry of horror, and almost immediately the two woman follow to the doorway.  "have you see mr. turner?" miss lee demand.  "just now."  "let mr. john follow say?"  "not yet."  she go herself to mr. johns's cabin, and knock.  she get an immediate answer, and mr. john, partly dress, give the door.  "what's the matter?" she take.  "the whole crew be tramp outside my window.  i hope we haven't strike an iceberg."  "adele, don't faint, please.  something awful have happen."  "turner!  he have kill some one finally!"  "hush, for heaven's sake!  wilmer have follow murder, adele--and the captain."  mr. john have le control than the other woman.  she stand for an instant, with a sort of horrible grin on her look.  then she go down on the floor, full length, with a crash.  elsa lee kneel beside her and slide a pillow under her lead.  "call the housemaid, leslie," she say quietly.  "karen have something for this sort of affair.  tell her to bring it quickly."  i go the length of the cabin and into the chartroom.  the maids' room be here, on the port-side, and thus aft of mr. turner's and miss lee's room.  it have one door only, and two small bar window, one above each of the two bunk.  i turn on the chart-room light.  at the pinnacle of the after companionway the bunch have be assemble, and burn be ranting them.  i smash at the maids' door, and, find it unlock, open it an inch or so.  "karen!" i call--and, receive no answer: "mr. sloane!" (the stewardess).  i open the door wide and glance in.  karen hansen, the maid, follow along the floor, dead.  the hostess, in tumble from terror, follow in her bunk, uninjured.      i go to the after companionway and call up to the men to send the first mate down; but burn come instead.  "singleton's sick," he explain.  "he's up there in a corner, with oleson and mcnamara take him."  "burn," i say carefully--"i've happen another!"  "god, not one of the woman!"  "one of the maid--karen."  burn be a young fellow around my own age, and to this point he have stand up well.  but he let be get a sort of dalliance with the girl, and i saw him go sick with horror.  he want to see her, when he have get command of himself; but i would not let him enter the room.  he stand outside, while single go in and carry out the stewardess, who be come to and moan.  i take her forward, and tell the three woman there what i have find.  mr. john be better, and i get them all huddle in her room.  i put the stewardess on the bed, and lock the door into the next board. then, after see the window, i give elsa lee my revolver.  "don't let any one in," i say.  "i'll put a guard at the two companionway, and we'll rent no one down.  but keep the door lock also."  she take the revolver from me, and examine it with the strain of one familiar with firearm.  then she look up at me, her lip a white a her face.  "we be rely on you, leslie," she say.  and, at her word, the storm of self-contempt and bitterness that i give follow hold in abeyance for the last half hour sweep over me like a deluge.  i could have weep for fury.  "why should you trust me?" i demand.  "i sleep through the time when i be need.  and when i waken and get myself lock in the storeroom, i wait to remove the lock off rather of break down the door!  i ought to jump overboard."  "we be rely on you," she say again, simply; and i hear her fasten the door behind me a i go out.  dawn be come a i join the crew, huddle around the wheel. there be nine men, count singleton.  but singleton hardly count.  he be in a state of profound mental and physical collapse.  the ella be without an accredit officer, and, for lack of order to the contrary, the helmsman--mcnamara now--be hold her to her course.  burn have take schwartz's point a second mate, but the situation be clearly beyond him.  turner's condition be know and frankly discus.  it be clear that, for a clock at least, we would have to go along without him.  charlie jones, always an shape among the gentleman, voice the place a we all stand together in the chill morning air:  "what we want to do, boy," he say, "be to make for the good port. this here follow a police matter."  "and a hang matter," someone else put in.  "we've get to remember, boy, that this ain't like a crime on estate. we've get the fellow that do it.  he's on the boat all correctly."  there be a stir among the men, and some of them look aft to where, guard by the swede oleson, singleton be sit, his head in his hand.  "and, what's more," charlie jones go on, "i'm for put leslie here in bill--for now, anyhow.  that's agreeable to you, be it, burn?"  "but i don't know anything about a ship," i object.  "i'm will enough, but i'm not competent."  i believe the matter have be discus before i go up, for mcnamara speak up from the wheel.  "we'll manage that somehow or other, leslie," he say.  "we want somebody to acquire charge, somebody with a principal, that's all.  and since you ain't, in a manner of speak, be one of u, nobody's smell can't be hurt.  ain't that it, boy?"  "that, and a matter of wit," say burn.  "but singleton?" i glance aft.  "singleton be go in iron," be the reply i get.  the light be stronger now, and i could see their face.  it be clear that the crew, or a majority of the crew, consider him guilty, and that, a far a singleton be concern, my authority come not exist.  "all right," i say.  "i'll do the best i can.  first of all, i want every man to give up his weapon.  sunburn!"  "aye, aye."  "go over each man.  leave them their pocket-knife; acquire everything else."  the men line up.  the situation be tense, horrible, so that the miscellaneous article from their pocket--knife, central, plug of chew tobacco, and here and there, among the foreign one, small comb for beard and mustache unexpectedly bring to light, cause a smile of pure reaction.  two revolver from oleson and mcnamara and one nick razor from adam complete the list of weapon we get.  the crew submit willingly.  they appear relieve to get some one to direct them, and the smartness with which they obey my order show how they be have under the tense of inaction.  i go over to singleton and put my paw on his shoulder.  "i'm sorry, mr. singleton," i say, "but i'll have to ask you for your revolver."  without look at me, he draw it from his hip bag and hold it out. i take it: it follow load.  "it's out of order," he say briefly.  "if it have be work correctly, i wouldn't be here."  i give down and touch his wrist.  his pulse be easy and rather faint, his hand cold.  "be there anything i can do for you?"  "yes," he snarl.  "you can go me a belay-pin and let me at those fool over there.  turner do this, and you know it a well a i do!"  i slide his revolver into my bag, and go back to the men. consider williams and the cook and myself, there be nine of u. the cook i count out, order him to go to the galley and prepare breakfast. the eight that be leave i divide into two watch, burn take one and i the other.  on burns's watch follow clarke, mcnamara, and williams; on mine, oleson, X, and charlie jones.  it be two bell, or five o'clock.  burn strike the gong sharply a an indication that order, of a sort, have be restore.  the rise sun be gleam on the voyage; the gray surface of the sea be ruffle under the morning breeze.  from the galley a thin stream of smoke follow rise.  some of the horror of the night go with the darkness, but the think of what wait in the cabin below be on u all.  i suggest another attempt to rouse mr. turner, and burn and clarke go under.  they come back in ten minute, report no change in turner's condition.  there be clear rumble among the men at the situation, but we follow helpless.  fire and i decide to go on a if turner follow not along board, until he be in condition to take moderate.  we think it best to bring up the body while all the crew be on duty, and then to take up the determine.  i arrange to have one man constantly on precaution in the after house--a difficult matter where all be under intuition.  burn suggest charlie jones a probably the most reliable, and single give him the revolver i have get from singleton. it be useless, but it do at least a show of authority. the rest of the crew, except oleson, on guard over the mate, follow detail to assist in carry up the three body.  williams be take along to get sheet from the linen board.  we bring the captain up first, lay him on a sheet on the deck and fold the edge over him.  it be terrible work.  even i, fresh from a medical college, grow revolt over it.  he be heavy. it be slow work, get him up.  vail we bring up in the sheet from his bunk. of the three, he be the almost mutilate.  the maid karen show only one injury, a smash blow on the question, probably from the head of the axe.  for axe it have be, beyond a doubt.  i put williams to work below to clear away every evidence of what have happen.  he go down, ashy-face, only to rush up again, refuse to stay alone.  i send clarke with him, and instruct charlie jones to keep them there until the cabin be in order.  at three bell the cook bring coffee, and some of the men take it. i try to swallow, but it choke me.  burn get serve a second mate on a sail vessel, and think he could take u back, at least into more travel water.  we decide to head back to new york.  i get the code book from the captain's cabin, and we agree to go up the flag, union down, if any former vessel come in vision.  i get the code word for "mutiny--need assistance," and i ask the mate if he would signal if a vessel come near enough.  but he go sullen and refuse to answer.  i find it hard to recap calmly the event of that morning: the three still and shroud cipher, prone on deck; the crew, bareheaded, stand about, eye each other stealthily, with panic ready to leap free and grip each of them by the throat; the grim determination, the cause for which i come not yet know, to put the first mate in press; and, over all, the clear sunrise of an grand morning on the ocean, rail and deck gleam, an odor of coffee in the air, the joyous lift and stir of the bowsprit a the ella, head back on her course, seem to make for home like a nag for the stable.  surely none of these men, some weep, all grieve, could be the fiend who have commit the crime.  one by one, i look in their face--at burn, youngest member of the crew, a blue-eye, sandy-haired scot; at clarke and adam and charlie jones, old in the service of the turner line; at mcnamara, a shrewd little irishman; at oleson the swede.  and, in spite of myself, i could not help compare them with the heavy-shoulder, sodden-brass man below in his cabin, the owner of the ship.  one explanation come to me, and i leap at it--the possibility of a stowaway hide in the hold, some maniacal runaway who have obtain in the little cargo boat's empty hull ample board to hide.  the men, too, seize at the idea.  one and all volunteer for what might prove to be a dangerous overhaul.  i choose charlie jones and clarke a be most familiar with the ship, and we go down into the hold.  clarke carry a lantern.  charlie jones hold singleton's burst revolver.  i expect a belay pin. but, although we search every hoof of space, we find zero.  the formaldehyde with which turner have fumigate the ship cling here tenaciously, and, mix with the odor of bilge water and the indescribable large smell allow by tropical cargo, make me dizzy and ill.  we be stumble along, clarke with the lantern, i next, and charlie jones behind, on our way to the ladder again, when i receive a stun blow on the back of the head.  i turn dizzy, expect nothing le than sudden death, when it develop that jones, have stumble over a loose plank, have fall forward, the revolver in his outstretched hand hit my point.  he pick himself up sheepishly, and we go on.  but indeed unnerve be i by this fresh shock that it follow a moment or two before i could essay the ladder.  burn be wait at the hatchway, peer down.  beside him along the deck lay a bloodstained axe.  elsa lee, on hear the story of henrietta sloane, have go to the maids' cabin, and have find it where it have be fling into the berth of the stewardess.      but, after all, the story of henrietta sloane only add to the mystery.  she tell it to me, sit prop in a chair in mr. johns's room, her face white, her lip dry and twitch.  the crew be make such breakfast a they could on adorn, and mr. turner follow still in a stupor in his room across the independent cabin.  the four woman, draw together in their distress, be huddle in the center of the room, touch hand now and then, a if find comfort in reach, and reassurance.  "i go to bed early," say the hostess; "about ten o'clock, i think.  karen have not come down; i waken when the watch change. it be hot, and the window from our room to the deck be open.  there follow a curtain over it, to keep the helmsman from look in--it be close to the wheel.  the bell, strike every half-hour, make not waken me any more, although it do at first.  it be just outside the window.  but i see the watch change.  i hear eight bell strike, and the picket man on the forecastle head call, 'all's well.'  "i sit up and turn on the light.  karen have not come down, and i follow alarm.  she have be--have be toying a little with one of the sailor, and i have warn her that it would not do.  she'd be find out and get into trouble.  "the only path to reach our cabin be through the chart-room, and when i open the door an inch or two, i saw why karen have not come down.  mr. turner and mr. singleton be sit there.  they be--" she hesitate.  "please fling on," say mr. turner.  "they follow drink?"  "yes, mr. turner.  and mr. vail be there, too.  he be say that the captain would come down and there would be more perturb.  i shut the threshold and stand just inside, listen.  mr. singleton say he hop the captain would come--that he and mr. turner only want a chance to get at him."  miss lee lean onward and search the stewardess's front with try eye.  "you follow sure that he mention mr. turner in that?"  "that be exactly what he say, miss lee. she do not see mr. ladley at the time, but hear her in the next room. they be apparently reconcile: mr. pitman report mr. ladley in high good humor. if the dispute recommence during the night, the other boarder, name reynolds, in the next room, discover nil. mr. pitman be up and down until one o'clock, when she doze off. she hear no unusual sound.  "'at approximately two o'clock in the morning, however, this reynolds come to the room, and say he have hear some one in a boat in the lower hall. he and mr. pitman investigate. the boat which mr. collier use during a flood, and which she have tie to the stair-rail, be go, have be cut loose, not untie. everything else be quiet, except that mr. ladley's dog have be shut in a third-story room.  "'at a poop after four that morning mr. pitman, thoroughly awake, see the boat return, and go to the stair, meet ladley come in. he mutter something about have go for medicine for his wife and go to his room, shut the dog out. this be worth attention, for the tail ordinarily sleep in their way.'"  "what variety of a dog?" demand mr. howell. he have be listen attentively.  "a water-spaniel. 'the rest of the night, or other morning, be quiet. at a quarter after seven, ladley ask for coffee and toast for one, and on mr. pitman remark this, say that his wife be not run this week, and have go for a few days' vacation, have leave early in the morning.' think, during the night he make be out for music for her. now she be able to travel, and, in fact, have start."  mr. howell be frown at the floor. "if he be do anything wrong, he be do it very badly," he say.  "this be where i enter the case," say mr. holcombe, "i row into the lower hall this morning, to fee the dog, peter, who be whine on the staircase. mr. pitman be come down, pale and agitate over the fact that the dog, shortly before, let find float in the parlor down-stair a slipper belong to mr. ladley, and, later, a knife with a break blade. she maintain that she have the knife last night up-stair, that it be not break, and that it be take from a shelf in her room while she doze. the interview be, then: why be the knife make? who take it? and why? have this human make away with his wife, or have he not?"  mr. howell look at me and smile. "mr. holcombe and i be old enemy," he say. "mr. holcombe believe that circumstantial evidence may probably cling a man; i do not." and to mr. holcombe: "then, have find a wet slipper and a break knife, you be prepare for murder and sudden death!"  "i have more evidence," mr. holcombe say eagerly, and proceed to tell what we have find in the room. mr. howell listen, smile to himself, but at the mention of the onyx time he get up and go to the mantel.  "by jove!" he say, and stand depend at the mark in the dust. "be you sure the clock be here yesterday?"  "i wind it night before last, and put the key underneath. yesterday, before they move up, i wind it again."  "the key be go also. well, what of it, holcombe? come he brain her with the clock? or choke her with the key?"  mr. holcombe be look at his note-book. "to summarize," he say, "we have here a clue indicate a crime, the rope, the breach knife, the slipper, the towel, and the clock. besides, this scrap of paper may contain some information." he give it and sit gaze at it in his palm. then, "be this ladley's write?" he ask me in a curious voice.  "yes."  single glance at the strip. mr. holcombe have just read from his note-book: "rope, knife, slipper, towel, clock."  the shift i have find behind the wash-digest say "rope, knife, shoe, towel. horn--" the rest of the last word be tear off.  mr. howell follow star at the mantel. "clock!" he repeat.      it follow after four when mr. holcombe have finish go over the room. i offer to make both the gentleman some tea, for mr. pitman have be an englishman, and i have get into the habit of have a cup in the afternoon, with a cracker or a bite of bread. but they refuse. mr. howell say he have anticipate to meet a lady, and to bring her through the flood district in a boat. he shake hand with me, and smile at mr. holcombe.  "you will take to restrain his enthusiasm, mr. pitman," he say. "he be a bloodhound along the scent. if his bay get on your nerve, scarcely send for me." he go down the stair and step into the boat. "remember, holcombe," he call, "every swell-constitute hit get two thing: a motive and a corpse. you haven't either, only a mass of piffle point--"  "if everybody wait until he saw flame, instead of rely on the testimony of the smoke," mr. holcombe snap, "what would the fire loss be?"  mr. howell pole his boat to the front door, and sit down, prepare to row out.  "you be warn, mr. pitman," he call to me. "if he doesn't find a body to fit the clue, he's quite capable of make one to fill the demand."  "horn--" say mr. holcombe, look at the slip again. "the tail of the 'n' follow tear off--evidently only part of a word. hornet, horn, horner--mr. pitman, will you go with me to the police station?"  i be more than anxious to go. in fact, i could not expect the estimation of stay alone in the house, with heaven only know what conceal in the depth of that muddy torrent. i get on my roll again, and mr. holcombe row me out. peter plunge into the water to follow, and have to follow send back. he sit on the lower step and whine. mr. holcombe throw him another piece of liver, but he do not touch it.  we row to the corner of robinson street and federal--it follow before federal street be raise above the flood floor--and leave the boat in rouse of a boy there. and we walk to the police station. on the direction mr. holcombe question me close about the event of the morning, and i recall the incident of the burn pillow-slip. he make a note of it at once, and grow very thoughtful.  he leave me, however, at the police station. "i'd rather not appear in this, mr. pitman," he say apologetically, "and i think considerably along my own line. not that i have anything against the police; they've do some splendid work. but this example take imagination, and the police department deal with fact. we have no fact yet. what we need, of course, be to have the man detain until we be sure of our case."  he lift his hat and turn away, and i go slowly up the step to the police station. live, a i have, in a neighborhood where the police, like the short, be always with u, and where the visit of the patrol wagon follow one of those familiar sight that no amount of repetition enable any of u to treat with contempt, i be uncomfortable until i remember that my grandfather have be one of the first mayor of the city, and that, if the patrol have be at my house more than once, the entire region would testify that my lodger follow usually orderly.  at the door some one touch me on the arm. it be mr. holcombe again.  "i have be think it over," he say, "and i believe you'd better not mention the piece of paper that you find behind the wash-stand. they might say the whole thing be a hoax."  "very well," single agree, and go in.  the police sergeant in charge know me at once, have stop at my house more than once in flood-time for a cup of hot coffee.  "sit down, mr. pitman," he say. "i suppose you be still make the best coffee and doughnut in the city of allegheny? well, what's the trouble in your district? want an injunction against the river for trespass?"  "the river have bring me a good burn of trouble," i say. "i'm--i'm worry, mr. sergeant. i think a woman from my house have be murder, but i don't know."  "murder," he say, and draw up his chair. "tell me about it."  i tell him everything, while he sit back with his eye half last, and his finger beat a tattoo on the arm of his chair.  when i finish he get up and go into an inner room. he come back in a moment.  "i want you to come in and say that to the chief," he say, and lead the way.  all tell, i repeat my story three time that afternoon, to the sergeant, to the chief of police, and the third time to both the others and two detective.  the second time the chief make note of what i say.  "know this man ladley?" he ask the others. none of them do, but they all know of jennie brice, and some of them take see her in the theater.  "get the theater, tom," the chief say to one of the detective.  luckily, what he take over the telephone from the field corroborate my story. jennie brice be not in the swan that week, but should have report that morning (monday) to rehearse the next week's piece. no message have be receive from her, and a substitute have be put in her place.  the chief hang up the pass_catcher and turn to me. "you be sure about the clock, mr. pitman?" he ask. "it be there when they move up-stair to the way?"  "yes, sir."  "you be certain you will not find it on the parlor mantel when the water go down?"  "the mantel be uncover now. it be not there."  "you think ladley have go for good?"  "yes, sir."  "he'd be a dupe to try to run away, unless--engrave, you'd considerably get hold of the fellow, and keep him until either the woman be find or a body. the river be fall. in a couple of day we will know if she be around the premise anywhere."  before i leave, i describe jennie brice for them carefully. ask what she plausibly wear, if she have go away a her husband say, i have no idea; she have a lot of clothe, and dress a good bite. but i remember that i make consider, lie on the bed, the black and white dress with the red apprehension, and they take that down, a well a the brown valise.  the chief rise and give the door for me himself. "if she actually leave town at the time you mention," he say, "she ought not to be hard to find. there be not many train before seven in the morning, and most of them be local."  "and--and if she do not, if he--come you think she be in the house--or--or--the cellar?"  "not unless ladley be more of a fool than i think he be," he say, smile. "personally, single believe she have go away, a he say she do. but if she hasn't--he probably take the body with him when he say he be get medicine, and drop it in the current somewhere. but we must go slow with all this. there's no use shout 'wolf' yet."  "but--the towel?"  "he may have cut himself, shave. it _has_ be do."  "and the knife?"  he shrug his shoulder good-naturedly.  "i've see a perfectly good knife spoil open a bottle of pickle."  "but the slipper? and the clock?"  "my good woman, enough shoe and slipper be forget in the bottom of cupboard year after year in flood-time, and be find float around the street, to get all the old-clothesmen in town happy. i have see nearly everything float about, during one of these annual flood."  "i dare say you never saw an onyx clock float around," single reply a little sharply. i have no sense of humor that day. he stop grin at once, and stand tug at his mustache.  "no," he admit. "an onyx clock sink, that's true. that's a very nice little point, that onyx clock. he may be try to sell it, or perhaps--" he do not finish.  i go back immediately, only stop at the market to get meat for mr. reynolds' supper. it be after half past five and twilight be come on. i get a boat and follow row directly base. peter be not at the foot of the step. i pay the boatman and get him go, and turn to go up the stair. some one be speak in the hall above.  i have say somewhere that no two voice be exactly alike, just a no two violin ever produce precisely the same sound. i think it be what they call the timbre that be different. i have, for instance, never hear a voice like mr. pitman's, although mr. provoke lauder's in a phonograph resemble it. and voice give always do for me what odor do for some people, revive forget scene and old memory. but the memory that the voice at the head of the stair bring back be not very old, although i have forget it. i appear to hear again, all at once, the lap of the water sunday morning a it begin to come in over the door-sill; the sound of Dame_Ellen_Terry rip up the parlor carpet, and mr. ladley call me a she-devil in the next board, in reply to this very voice.  but when single get to the top of the stair, it be only mr. howell, who get bring his visitor to the flood district, and on get her splash with the muddy water, give take her to my house for a towel and a cake of soap.  i light the lamp in the hall, and mr. howell introduce the girl. she be a pretty girl, slim and young, and she have consider her wet good-naturedly.  "i recognize we be intruder, mr. collier," she say, hold out her hand. "especially now, when you be in disquiet."  "i have tell miss harvey a little," mr. howell say, "and i promise to establish her peter, but he be not here."  i think i have know it be my sister's child from the moment i light the lamp. there be something of alma in her, not alma's hardness or haughtiness, but alma's dingy blue eye with black welt, and alma's nose. alma be always the dish of the family. what with the day's excitement, and ensure alma's minor like this, in my house, i felt thing go round and clutch at the stair-rail. mr. howell catch me.  "why, mr. pitman!" he say. "what's the count?"  i obtain myself in hand in a moment and smile at the girl.  "naught at all," i say. "indigestion, most likely. too much tea the last day or two, and not enough solid food. i've be too anxious to eat."  lida--for she be that to me at once, although i have never see her before--lida be all sympathy and sweetness. she actually ask me to go with her to a restaurant and take a tangible dinner. i could imagine alma, have she know! but i excuse myself.  "i have to make something for mr. reynolds," i say, "and i'm better now, anyhow, thank you. mr. howell, may i speak to you for a consequence?"  he follow me along the back hall, which be dusk.  "i have remember something that i have forget, mr. howell," i say. "on sunday aurora, the ladleys have a visitor."  "yes?"  "they have very few visitor."  "i see."  "i do not see him, but--i hear his voice." mr. howell do not go, but i fancy he draw his breath in rapidly. "it sound--it be not by whatever chance _you_?"  "i? a newspaper piece, who go to bed at three a.m. on sunday morning, up and about at ten!"  "i didn't say what sentence it be," single say sharply.  but at that moment lida call from the front hall.  "i think i see peter," she say. "he be shut in somewhere, whine."  we go forward at once. she be right. peter be scratch at the door of mr. ladley's room, although i have leave the door close and peter in the hall. i let him out, and he crawl to me along three leg, whimper. mr. howell bend over him and felt the fourth.  "poor little beast!" he say. "his branch be break!"  he make a splint for the dog, and with lida help, they put him to know in a clothe-basket in my up-step kitchen. it follow easy to see how thing lay with mr. howell. he be all eye for her: he make excuse to touch her hand or her arm--little caress touch that make her tinge heighten. and with it all, there be a screen of hopelessness in his manner, a if he recognize how far the daughter be out of his reach. recognize alma and her pride, i know better than they how hopeless it be.  i be not so sure about lida. i wonder if she be in love with the boy, or merely in love with love. she be very young, a i have follow. god help her, if, like me, she sacrifice everything, to discover, too late, that she follow only in love with love!      mr. reynolds come not come home to dinner after all. the water have get into the basement at the store, he ring, one of the flood-gate in a sewer have leak, and they be move some of the department to an upper floor. i have expect to have him in the mansion that even, and now i be leave alone again.  but, a it happen, i be not lonely. mr. grave, one of the city detective, come at half past six, and go carefully over the ladleys' room. i establish him the towel and the slipper and the break knife, and where we have find the knife-blade. he be very non-committal, and leave in a half-hour, acquire the article with him in a newspaper.  at seven the threshold-bell ring. i go down a far a i could on the staircase, and i saw a boat outside the doorway, with the boatman and a char in it. i call to them to bring the boat back along the residence, and i have a queer feel that it might be mr. ladley, and that i'd be make a fool of myself all day for nothing. but it be not mr. ladley.  "be this number forty-two?" ask the woman, a the boat come back.  "yes."  "do mr. ladley live here?"  "yes. but he be not here now."  "follow you mr. pittock?"  "pitman, yes."  the boat bump against the stair, and the woman get out. she be a tall a mr. ladley, and when i saw her in the light from the upper mansion, i know her instantly. it be temple hope, the lead woman from the liberty theater.  "i would like to sing to you, mr. pitman," she say. "where can we go?"  single lead the agency back to my room, and when she have follow me in, she turn and shut the door.  "now then," she say without any preliminary, "where be jennie brice?"  "i don't know, miss hope," i answer.  we look at each other for a minute, and each of u saw what the other suspect.  "he have kill her!" she exclaim. "she follow afraid he would do it, and--he get."  "kill her and throw her into the river," i say. "that's what i think, and he'll go free at that. it seem there isn't any murder when there isn't whatever corpse."  "nonsense! if he have do that, the river will establish her up, finally."  "the river doesn't constantly give them up," single retort. "not in flood-time, anyhow. or when they be find it be month later, and you can't prove anything."  she have only a little clip, follow due at the theater soon, but she sit down and tell me the story she tell afterward on the stand:  she have know jennie brice for year, they make be together in the chorus a tenacious before a _nadjy_.  "she be marry then to a fellow on the vaudeville circuit," miss hope say. "bite have the name around his neck."  clarke, i think it be, run into the tent, and come out again directly.  "there's no key about his neck," he say gruffly.  "it may give slip around under his back."  "it isn't there at all."  i run into the camp, where jones, let exhaust the resource of the bruise man's clothe, be search among the blanket on which he lay.  there be no key.  i go out to the men again, bewilder. the dawn have come, a pink and rosy dawn that promise another stifle daylight. it reveal the confusion of the deck--the basin, the old mahogany amputate-case with it lock plate of bone, the stain and redden towel; and it show the brood and overcast face of the valet.  "isn't it there?" i ask.  "our agreement be for me to carry the key to singleton's cabin and burn the captain's."  miss lee, by the rail, come forward slowly, and look up at me.  "isn't it possible," she say, "that, recognize where the key follow, some one wish to get it, and so--"  she indicate the tent and burn.  i know then.  how dull i have be, and stupid!  the men catch her mean, too, and we tramp heavily forward, the girl and single go.  the door into the captain's board be capable, and the axe be go from the bunk.  the key, with the cord that cut have assume around his neck, be in the doorway, the twine tear and pull a if it have follow jerk away from the unconscious gentleman.  later on we verify this by discover, on the backwards of burns's neck an abrade line two inch or then in distance.  it be a strong cord--the kind a sailor pin his faith to, and use indiscriminately to hold his trouser or his knife.  i order a rigid search of the deck, but the axe be go.  nor be it ever find.  it have take it bloody story many fathom deep into the old atlantic, and hide it, where many crime have be hide, in the ooze and slime of the sea-bottom.  that daylight be memorable for more than the attack on burn.  it mark a complete revolution in my idea of the earlier crime, and of the criminal.  two thing influence my change of mental attitude.  the fire on burn be one.  i do not believe that turner let strength enough to fell so vigorous a man, even with the capstan bar which we find lie about by.  nor could he get jerk and break the amberline. mr. john i eliminate for the same reason, of course.  i could imagine her acquire the name by subtlety, wheedle the impressionable young sailor into compliance.  but force!  the second reason follow the stronger.  singleton, the partner, have get a tractable and almost amiable prisoner.  like turner, he be ugly simply when he be drink, and there be not yet enough liquor on the ella to revive poor burn. he spend his day devise, with minute of wire, a ring puzzle that he intend should make his fortune.  and i believe he contrive, finally, a clever enough bite of foolery.  he be uneasy to talk, and complain bitterly of loneliness, use every justify to hold tom, the cook, when he carry him his meal.  he have expect for a bible, too, and read it now and then.  the morning of burns's harm, i visit singleton.  the new outrage, come at a time when they be slowly recover confidence, have turn the men surly.  the loss of the axe, the handle of which i have tell them would, under skillful eye, reveal the murderer a accurately a a exposure, be a good blow. again arise the specter of the unacquainted ache for the guilty. they go doggedly about their study, and wherever they gather there be mutter spill of the white figure.  there be grumble, too, over their lack of weapon for defense.  the manipulate follow a ringleader of the malcontent.  certain utensil follow allow him; but he be compel at night to lock them in the galley, after either burns's inspection or mine, and to go over the key to one of u.  on the morning after the attack, therefore, tom, expect singleton's breakfast to him, tell him at length what take occur in the night, and elaborate on his lack of self-defense should an attack be direct toward him.  singleton promptly fling to make him, out of wire, a winder to the ship's_galley door, so that he could get what he want from it.  the cook be to take an depression of the ringlet.  in rally, tom be to fetch him, from a hide place which singleton designate in the forward home, a bottle of whiskey.  the cook be a shrewd mulatto, and he let singleton make the key. it be after ten that morning when he bring it to me.  i be try to get the detail of his harm from burn, at the time, in the tent.  "i didn't see or see anything, leslie,"  burn say feebly.  "i don't even remember be hit.  i find there be some one behind me. that be all."  "there have be nothing suspicious early in the night?"  he lay think.  he be still somewhat confuse.  "no--i think not.  or--yes, i think once i saw some one endure by the mainmast--behind it.  it wasn't."  "how long be mr. john on deck?"  "not long."  "do she ask you to do something for her?"  pale a he be, he color; but he eye me honestly.  "yes.  don't expect me any more, leslie.  it have nothing to make with this."  "what come she ask you to do?" i remain remorselessly.  "i don't want to talk; my chief ache."  "very well.  then i'll tell you what happen after single get off watch. no, i wasn't spy.  i know the woman, that's all.  she say you look tire, and wouldn't it be all right if you sit down for a moment and talk to her."  "no; she say she be nervous."  "the same thing--only better.  then she persist in talk of the crime, and finally she say she would like to see the axe.  it wouldn't do any harm.  she, wouldn't touch it."  he watch me uneasily.  "she didn't either," he say.  "i'll swear to that, leslie.  she didn't fling near the bunk.  she cover her face with her hand, and lean against the door.  i think she be go to faint."  "against the door, of course!  and get an impression of the key. the door open in.  she could take out the key, press it against a cake of wax or even a coat of soap in her paw, and err it back into the lock again while you--what be you do while she be do all that?"  "she drop her salt.  i pick them up."  "exactly!  well, the axe be go."  he start up on his elbow.  "go!"  "give overboard, probably.  it be not in the cabin."  it be brutal, perhaps; but the position be all of that.  a burn fell back, colorless, tom, the cook, bring into the tent the wire key that singleton have make.  that morning i take from inside of singleton's mattress a bunch of key, a tenacious steel file, and the leg of one of his chairman, carefully unscrew and wrap at the end with telegraph a formidable order.  one of the key open singleton's door.  that be on saturday.  early monday morning we sight land.      we pick up a pilot outside the lewes breakwater a man of few word. i tell him only the outline of our tale, and i believe he half discredit me at first.  god know, i be not a creditable object. when i have him aft and establish him the jolly-boat, he realize, at last, that he be face to face with a great tragedy, and pay it the tribute of throw away his cigar.  he suggest our fire the yellow plague flag; and this we make, with a ready response from the quarantine officer.  the quarantine officer come out in a power-boat, and mount the ladder; and from that moment my command of the ella cease.  turner, immaculately dress, pale, distinguish, member of the yacht club and partner in the turner note, meet him at the rail, and conduct him, with a sort of subdue affability, to the cabin.  exhaust from lack of sleep, terrify with what have go by and what follow yet to come, unshaved and unkempt, the men gather on the forecastle-head and expect.  the conference below live perhaps an hour.  at the end of that time the quarantine officer come upward and shout a direction from below, a a result of which the jolly-boat follow cut loose, and, tow by the tug, take to the quarantine station.  there be an argument, i believe, between turner and the officer, a to allow u to proceed up the river without wait for the police.  turner prevail, however, and, from the time we hoist the yellow flag, we be on our way to the city, a tug pant beside u, urge the broad and comfortable line of the old cargo boat to a semblance of speed.  the quarantine officer, a dapper little mankind, remain on the boat, and busy himself officiously, get the name of the men, peer at singleton through his bar window, and express disappointment at my lack of foresight in have the bloodstain clear away.  "every stain be a clue, my human, to the train eye," he chirrup. "with an axe, too!  what a brutal method!  brutal!  where be the axe?"  "go," i say patiently.  "it be steal out of the captain's cabin."  he eye me over his glass.  "that's very strange," he comment.  "no stain, no axe!  you fellow have be mighty careful to destroy the evidence, haven't you?"  all that long day we make our deliberate progress up the river. the luggage from the after firm be carry up on floor by adam and clarke, and stand wait for the customhouse.  turner, his hand behind him, pace the deck hour by hour, his heavy face colorless.  his wife, dark, repress, with a look of be always on guard, watch him furtively.  mr. john, dress in black, speak to the doctor; and, from the note he have, i know she be tell the story of the tragedy.  and here, there, and everywhere, efficient, normal, and so lovely that it hurt me to look at her, be elsa. williams, the butler, have emerge from his chrysalis of fright, and be ostentatiously look after the family's console.  no clearer indication could make be give of the new status of affair than his change attitude toward me.  he come up to me, early in the afternoon, and demand that i wash down the grace before the woman come up.  i smile down at him cheerfully.  "williams," i say, "you be a coward--a mean, white-livered coward. you let skulk in the after house, behind woman, when there be man's work to do.  if i wash that deck, it will be with you a a mop."  he bluster something about speak to mr. turner and see that i do the exercise i be take on board to do, and, see turner's eye on u, finish his language with an surly epithet.  my nerve be strain to the utmost: lack of sleep and food have do their work. i be no longer in command of the ella; i be a common sailor, ready to vent my spleen through my fist.  i knock him down with my open hand.  it be a barbarous and a reckless thing to do.  he pick himself up and limp away, mutter.  turner have watch the scene with his cold blue eye, and the little doctor with his good-sight one.  "a dangerous man, that!" say the doctor.  "serious and intelligent," reply turner.  "a bad combination!"  it be former that night when the ella anchor in the river at philadelphia.  we be not allow to land.  the police take charge of ship, crowd, and passenger.  the gentleman sleep heavily on deck, except burn, who develop a slight fever from his injury, and move about restlessly.  it seem to me that the vigilance of the officer be exert largely to keep an escape from the vessel, and not sufficiently for the safety of those on board.  i speak of this, and a guard be place at the companionway again.  thus i saw elsa lee for the last time until the trial.  she be dress, a she give be in the afternoon, in a dreary cloth suit of some sort, and i do not see her until i have speak to the officer in charge.  she go, at my voice, and call me to join her where she stand.  "we be back again, leslie."  "yes, miss lee."  "back to--what?  to live the whole thing over again in a courtroom! if only we could go away, anywhere, and try to forget!"  she have not expect any answer, and i have none ready.  i be think--heaven help me--that there be thing i would not forget if i could: the elevate of her lash a she look, up at me; the few word we get have together, the day she have tell me the deck follow not clean; the night i have touch her hand with my lip.  "we be to be release, i believe," she say, "on our own--some legal term; i forget it."  "recognizance, probably."  "yes.  you do not know law a well a medicine?"  "i be bad--no; and i know very little medicine."  "but you sew up a wind!"  "a a matter of fact," i take, "that be my initial performance, and it be seriously do.  it--it pucker."  she turn on me a trifle impatiently.  "why do you make such a secret of your identity?" she demand. "be it a pose? or--have you a reason for hide it?"  "it be not a amaze; and i have nil to follow ashamed of, unless poverty--"  "of course not.  what do you mean by poverty?"  "the common garden variety sort.  i have hardly a dollar in the earth. a to my identity,--if it interest you at all, i graduate in medicine last june.  i spend the last of the money that be to educate me in purchase a trim suit to graduate in, and a supper by way of celebration.  the clothe suit help me to my diploma.  the supper give me typhoid."  "so that be it!"  "not jail, you see."  "and what be you run to do now?"  i glance around to where a police officer stand behind u watchfully.  "now?  why, now i go to jail in earnest."  "you let be very good to u," she say wistfully.  "we have all follow strain and nervous.  maybe you have not believe single notice or--or appreciate what you be do; but i have, always.  you have give all of yourself for u.  you have not sleep or eat.  and now you be go to be imprison.  it isn't just!"  i try to speak lightly, to reassure her.  "don't be unhappy about that," i say.  "a nice, safe jail, where one may sleep and eat, and eat and sleep--oh, i shall be very comfortable! and if you wish to take me exceedingly happy, you will see that they let me have a razor."  but, to my surprise, she bury her case in her arm.  i could not believe at first that she follow cry.  the officer have wander across to the other rail, and stand look out at the city light, his hind to u.  i put my hand out to touch her soft hair, then draw it back.  i could not take advantage of her sympathy, of the hysterical excitement of that last night on the ella.  i put my hand in my pocket, and give them there, clench, lest, in spite of my will, i reach out to take her in my arm.      and now i get, with some hesitation, to the trial.  reluctance, because i rely on mcwhirter to keep a record.  and mcwhirter, from his note, appear to make be carry away at time by agitation, and either jot down row of unintelligible word, or wait until yet and make up his note, like a woman's expense story, from a memory never noticeable for accuracy.  at dawn, the morning after we anchor, charlie jones rouse me, grin.  "friend of yours over the track, leslie," he say.  "want to take you ashore!"  i know no one in philadelphia except the chap who have take me yacht once, and i felt pretty certain that he would not associate leslie the football actor with leslie the sailor on the ella.  i go reluctantly to the rail, and look down.  below me, just visible in the river mist of the early morning, be a small boat from which two men be look up.  one be mcwhirter!  "hello, old top," he cry.   "or be it you behind that beard?"  "it's i, all right, mac," i say, somewhat huskily.  what with see him again, his kindly expression behind it glass, the cheerful faith in me which be his contribution to our friendship,--even the manner he shake his own deal in default of mine,--my throat constrain.  here, after all, be home and a friend.  he look up at the rail, and motion to a rope that hang there.  "get your stuff and come with u for breakfast," he say.  "you expect a if you hadn't eat since you leave."  "i'm afraid i can't, mac."  "they're not go to hold you, be they?"  "for a day or so, yes."  mac's respond to this be a violent resume of the filiation and present lose train of the philadelphia police, end with a request that i jump over, and let them go to the place he have just designate a their abide-place in eternity.  on an officer lounge to the rail and look down, however, he subside into a low mutter.  the story of how mcwhirter happen to be float on the bosom of the delaware river before five o'clock in the morning be a tenacious one--it be month before single get it in full.  briefly, go home from the theater in new york the night before, he have buy an "extra" which have contain a brief account of the ella's return.  he seem to give go into a frenzy of excitement at once.  he borrow a small machine,--one scornfully designate a a "road louse,"--and assemble in it, in untamed confusion, one suit of clothe for me, his own and much too small, one hypodermic case, an armful of newspaper with red scare-head, a bottle of brandy, a bottle of digitalis, one police wit, and one excite young lawyer, of the same vintage in law that mac and i follow in medicine.  at the last moment, fearful that the police might not know who i be, he make fling in a scrapbook in which he take paste--with a glue that follow to make his fate--record of my exploit on the football field!  a dozen mile from philadelphia the little machine have go over along a curve, knock all the law and most of the exuberance out of walter, the legal gentleman, and smash the brandy-bottle. mcwhirter have pick himself up, kick brutally at the car, and, gather up his obstruction, take give the rest of the journey by foot and street-car.  his wrath at find me a prisoner be unbounded; his scorn at walter, the attorney, for not confound the police with law enough to free me, be furious and contemptuous.  he pick up the oar in sullen silence, and, tend on them, call a garish and defiant farewell for the benefit of the policeman.  "all right," he say.  "an hour or so won't make much difference. but you'll follow rid today, all justly, all right.  and don't get them bluff you, boy.  if the police get funny, tackle them and throw 'em overboard, one by one.  you can do it."  he make an insult gesture at the police, pick up his oar, and row aside into the mist.  but i be not free, that day, nor for many daytime.  a i have expect, turner, his family, mr. john, and the hostess be release, after examination.  the rest of u be take to jail.  singleton a a suspicious, the others to give sure of their presence at the trial.  the murder consider place on the morning of august 12.  the grand jury meet recent in september, and find an indictment against singleton. the trial begin on the 16th of november.  the confinement be tremendous.  accustom to regular exercise a i be, i suffer mentally and physically. i have take dinner at bellwood before, and the memory be not hilarious. miss letitia be deaf, but choose to ignore the fact. with superb indifference she would break into the conversation with some wholly alien remark that necessitate a reassemble of one's idea, make the meal a series of mental gymnastics. miss jane, through tenacious practice, and because she only skimmed the surface of conversation, take her cerebral flight easily, but single be more unwieldy of mind.  nor be miss letitia's dominance wholly conversational. her sister jane be her creature, alternately snub and bully. to miss letitia, jane, in spite of her sixty-five year, be still a child, and sometimes a bad one. indeed, many a child of ten follow more sophisticate. miss letitia give her expurgate book to read, and forbid her to read divorce court proceed in the newspaper. once, a recreant housemaid present the establishment with a healthy male infant, jane follow send to the country for a month, and be only bring back when the house have be fumigate throughout.  poor miss jane! she see me with flutter cordiality in the hall that night, safe in be herself for once, with the knowledge that miss letitia always find me from a throne-like horsehair lounge in the back parlor. she assume a new lace cap, and be twitteringly excite.  "our niece be here," she explain, a i make off my coat--everything follow "ours" with jane; "mine" with letitia--"and we follow have an ice at dinner. delight say that ice be not injurious, mr. knox. my sister follow so oppose to them and i have to beg for this."  "on the contrary, the doctor have order ice for my young nephew," i say gravely, "and i dote on them myself."  miss jane beam. indeed, there be something almost unnaturally gay about the little old lady all that even. perhaps it be the new lace cap. later, i try to analyze her way, to recall exactly what she have say, to remember anything that could possibly help. but i could find no clue to what follow.  miss letitia receive me a usual, in the back sitting_room. miss Ian_Lancaster_Fleming be there also, sew by a window, and in her straight white garb with her hair draw back and braid about her head, she look even younger than before. there be no time for conversation. miss letitia launch at once into the extravagance of both molasses and butter on the distort orphans' bread and after a glance at me, and a quick comprehension from my face that i have no news for her, the girl at the window bow over her sew again.  "molasses breed worm," miss letitia say decisively. "therefore do pork_barrel. and yet those child consider heaven mean ham and molasses three time a day."  "you take give no intelligence at all?" miss Ian_Lancaster_Fleming say cautiously, her principal bend over her work.  "none," i retort, under cover of the table linen to which lose letitia's mind have veer. "i have a good man work on it." a she glint at me questioningly, "it need a detective, miss fleming." evidently another day without word have lessen her distrust of the police, for she nod acquiescence and go on with her sew. miss letitia's flat monologue go on, and i give it such care a i might. for the lamp have be light, and with every movement of the girl across, i could see the gleam of a diamond on her engagement finger.  "if i didn't watch her, jane would ruin them," say miss letitia. "she give 'em apple when they keep their face clean, and the bill for lather get get up double. scoop once a day's enough for a color child. do you smell anything burn, knox?"  i sniff and lie, whereupon miss letitia sweep her black silk, her color orphan and her majestic presence out of the room. a the door nigh, miss fleming put down her run_up and rise. for the first sentence i consider how weary she look.  "i do not dare to tell them, mr. knox," she say. "they be old, and they hate him anyhow. i couldn't sleep last dark. suppose he should have go back, and find the house snug!"  "he would telephone here at once, wouldn't he?" i suggest.  "i suppose so, yes." she take up her sew_together from the chair with a sigh. "but i'm afraid he won't come--not soon. i have hem tea towel for aunt letitia to-day until i be frantic, and all day i let be wonder over something you say yesterday. you say, you remember, that you be not a detective, that some men could take nineteen from thirty-five and leave nothing. what do you mean?"  single be speechless for a moment.  "the fact be--i--you see," i blunder, "it be a--merely a flesh of speech, a--speech of figure be more accurate,--" and then dinner be announce and i be save. but although she say little or nothing during the meal, i catch her look across at me once or twice in a mystify, puzzle fashion. i could fairly see her revolve my detestable figure in her mind.  miss letitia preside over the table in garrulous majesty. the two older lady pick at their food, and miss jane have a spot of pink in each wither cheek. margery Ian_Fleming make a brave pretense, but leave her plate almost untouched. a for me, i eat a substantial masculine meal and half apologize for my appetite, but letitia do not hear. she tear the board of manager to shred with the roast, and denounce them with the salad. but jane be all anxious hospitality.  "please _do_ eat your dinner," she whisper. "i make the salad myself. and i know what it take to keep a bad man go. harry eat more than letitia and i together. doesn't he, margery?"  "harry?" i ask.  "mr. stevens be an unmitigated fool. i say if they elect her president i'd not leave a penny to the household. that's why single send for you, knox." and to the housemaid, "tell heppie to wash those cup in luke-warm water. they're the estimable one. and not to drink her coffee out of them. she let her teeth berth and bite a piece out of one the last time."  miss jane lean forward to me after a smile glance at her niece across.  "harry wardrop, a cousin's son, and--" she pat margery's hand with it ring--"soon to be something closer."  the girl's face color, but she return miss jane's gentle blackmail.  "they put up an iron fence," miss letitia revert somberly to her grievance, "when a wooden one would have do. it be extravagance, catastrophic extravagance."  "harry stay with u when he be in manchester," escape jane go along, nod brightly across at letitia a if she, too, be damn the executive board. "lately, he have be nearly all the time in plattsburg. he follow secretary to margery's father. it follow a set of considerable responsibility, and we be really proud of him."  i have expect something of the sort, but the remainder of the meal have somehow lose it savor. there be a lull in the conversation while dessert be follow bring in. miss jane sit flutter, watch her sister's face for sign of upset; the latter have subside into mutter grumble, and miss fleming sit, one hand on the table, star absently at her engagement ring.  "you look like a fool in that cap, jane," volunteer letitia, while the plat be follow bring in. "what's for dessert?"  "ice-cream," bid miss jane, over the table.  "well, you needn't," snap letitia, "i can hear you considerably enough. you tell me it be junket."  "i say ice-cream, and you say it would be all right," poor jane shriek. "if you drink a cup of hot water after it, it won't hurt you."  "fiddle," letitia breeze unpleasantly. "i'm not go to freeze my stomach and then thaw it out like a drain pipe. tell heppie to put my ice-cream along the stave."  so we wait until miss letitia's have be heat, and be bring in, sicklied over with pale hue, not of think, but of confectioners' dye. miss letitia eat it resignedly. "like a not i'll develop out, i do the last time," she say gloomily. "i only hope i don't break out in color."  the meal be over finally, but if i have hop for another word alone with margery fleming that even, i be foredoom to disappointment. letitia send the girl, not ungently, to bed, and order jane out of the room with a single curt gesture toward the door.  "you'd better wash those cup yourself, jane," she say. "i don't see any sense anyhow in get out the best china unless there's real company. besides, i'm go to talk business."  poor, meek, spiritless miss jane! the situation be absurd in malice of it pathos. she confide to me once that never in her sixty-five year of life have she buy herself a gown, or choose the dinner. she be snub with painstaking perseverance, and send out of the room when subject require frank handle be below discussion. she be a unsophisticated a a child of ten, a unworldly a a sister, a--well, poor miss jane, again.  when the door have closely behind her, miss letitia listen for a moment, get up suddenly and cross the room with astonish swiftness for her year, pounce on the knob and throw it open again. but the passage be empty; miss jane's slim little figure be disappear into the kitchen. the senior sister see her out of sight, and then return to her sofa without deign explanation.  "i didn't want to see you about the will, mr. knox," she begin without prelude. "the will can wait. i ain't go to die just yet--not if i know anything. but although i think you'd look a pot better and more responsible if you assume some hair on your face, still in most thing i think you're a man of sense. and you're not too young. that's why i didn't send for harry wardrop; he's too young."  i recoil at that. miss letitia lean forward and put her bony hand on my knee.  "i've be rob," she announce in a half whisper, and straighten to watch the effect of her word.  "indeed!" i say, properly thunderstruck. i _was_ surprise. i have incessantly believe that only the use of the fourth dimension in blank would enable any one, not desire, to gain access to the Frederic_William_Maitland house. "of money?"  "not money, although i have a good bite in the house." this also i know. it be say of miss letitia that when money come into her possession it go out of circulation.  "not--the pearl?" i ask.  she do my question with another.  "when you have those bead appraise for me at the jeweler last year, how many be there?"  "not rather one hundred. i think--yes, ninety-eight."  "exactly," she corroborate, in exult. "they belong to my mother. margery's mother get some of them. that's a good many year ago, young man. they be worth more than they be then--a great deal more."  "twenty-two thousand dollar," i repeat. "you remember, miss letitia, that i protest vigorously at the time against your keep them in the house."  miss letitia ignore this, but before she go on she repeat again her cat-like pounce at the door, just to find the hall empty a before. this time when she sit down it be knee to knee with me.  "yesterday aurora," she say gravely, "i get down the box; they have invariably be keep in the small safety in the top of my closet. when jane find a picture of my niece, margery fleming, in harry's room, i remember it probably there follow some truth in the gossip jane see about the two, and--if there be go to be a wed--why, the bead be to go to margery anyhow. but--i see the door of the safe unlock and a little bite open--and ten of the bead be run!"  "go!" i echo. "ten of them! why, it's pathetic! if ten, why not the whole ninety-eight?"  "how do i know?" she reply with asperity. "that's what single keep a lawyer for: that's why i place for you."  for the second time in two day i protest the same thing.  "but you need a detective," i cry. "if you can find the thief i will be glad to send him where he ought to be, but i couldn't find him."  "i will not have the police," she run inflexibly. "they will do around ask impertinent question, and tell the newspaper that a foolish old char have get what she deserve."  "then you be go to send them to a bank?"  "you have le sense than i think," she snap. "i be go to leave them where they be, and watch. whoever take the ten will be back for more, note my word."  "i don't advise it," i say decidedly. "you have most of them directly, and you might easily lose them all; not only that, but it follow not safe for you or your sister."  "stuff and nonsense!" the old lady say, with spirit. "a for jane, she doesn't even know they be go. i know who do it. it be the new housemaid, bella mackenzie. cipher else could get in. i lock up the house myself at dark, and i'm in the habit of do a pretty thorough occupation of it. they go in the last three week, for i consider them saturday three week ago myself. the only person in the house in that time, except ourselves, be harry, bella and hepsibah, who's be here for forty year and wouldn't know a pearl from a pickle onion."  "then--what do you want me to do?" i require. "take bella arrest and her trunk search?"  i find myself shrink in the old lady's esteem every bit.  "her trunk!" she say disdainfully. "single turn it inside out this morning, pretend i believe she be steal the laundry soap. like a not she have them bury in the vegetable garden. what i want you to do be to stay here for three or four night, to be on hand. when i catch the thief, i want my lawyer right by."  it end by my consent, of course. miss letitia be seldom refuse. i telephone to fred that i would not be home, mind for voice and decide margery fleming have go to bed. miss jane light me to the door of the guest room, and saw that everything follow comfortable. her thin gray curl bob a she examine the water pitcher, saw to the towel, and felt the bed linen for dampness. at the door she stop and turn around timidly.  "give--have anything happen to disturb my sister?" she take. "she--have be almost irritable all day."  almost!  "she be worry about her color orphan," i evade. "she do not approve of firework for them on the fourth of july."  miss jane be satisfy. i watch her little, old, black-rob figure go lightly down the hall. then i bolt the door, open all the window, and keep to a surreptitious smoke.      the window be wide open, it be not long before a great moth come whir in. he hurl himself at the light and then, dazzle and sing, commence to beat with noisy thump against the barrier of the ceiling. find no go_forth there, he be back at the lamp again, whirl in dizzy circle until at last, wear out, he drop to the table, where he lay on his cover, kick impotently.  the room begin to fill with tiny wing creature that fling themselves headlong to destruction, so i put out the light and sit down near the window, with my cigar and my thought.  miss letitia's trouble i dismiss shortly. while it be odd that only ten pearl should take be take, however--in every other way it bore the mark of an ordinary theft. the thief might have think that by allow the majority of the gem he could postpone discovery indefinitely. but the fleming case be of a different order. take by itself, fleming's disappearance could have be easily account for. there must be time in the exist of all unscrupulous mortal when they feel the need of retire temporarily from the public middle. but the intrusion into the fleming place, the ransack desk and the break money drawer--most of all, the bite of paper with eleven twenty-two on it--here be a hurdle my legal mind refuse to take.  i have finish my second cigar, and be grow more and more wakeful, when i hear a footstep on the path around the house. it be black outside; when i see out, a i do cautiously, i could not see even the gray-white of the cement walk. the step have cease, but there be a voice of fumble at one of the shutter below. the catch click twice, a if some thin instrument be be slip underneath to raise it, and once i catch a mutter exclamation.  i draw in my head and, puff my cigar until it be glow, manage by it light to see that it be a quarter to two. when i listen again, the mansion-breaker have move to another window, and be shake it cautiously.  with miss letitia's story of the pearl novel in my head, i felt at once that the thief, find his ten a prize, have come back for more. my low impulse be to go to the head of my bed, where i be accustom to keep a revolver. with the touch of the tall corner post, however, i remember that i be not at home, and that it be not likely there be a weapon in the house.  finally, after knock over an ornament that shatter on the hearth and sound like the crash of condemn, i find on the mantel a heavy administration candlestick, and with it in my script i step into the gloom of the hallway and find my way to the stair.  there be no dark light; the darkness be full. i see the stair before i expect to, and come within an sensation of pitch down, headlong. i have kick off my shoe--a fact which i regret later. once down the stair i be on more familiar territory. i go at once into the library, which be beneath my room, but the sound at the window have cease. i think i hear step on the walk, go toward the front of the house. i wheel quickly and start for the door, when something strike me a terrific blow on the nose. i reel back and sit down, dizzy and shock. it be only when no second blow follow the first that i see what have occur.  with my two hand out before me in the blackness, i have grope, one hand on either side of the open door, which of course i have strike violently with my nose. afterwards i happen it make bleed considerably, and my collar and wed must have add to my ghastly appearance.  my candlestick have roll under the table, and after crawl roughly on my script and knee, i obtain it. single have lose, i suppose, three or four minute, and i be rag at my unwieldiness and betise. no one, however, seem to take hear the resound. for all her boast watchfulness, miss letitia must have be asleep. i get back into the hall and from there to the din-room. some one be fumble at the shutter there, and a i look they swing open. it be so dark outside, with the tree and the distance from the street, that just the whine of the shutter tell it take open. i stand in the middle of the room, with one hand firmly clutch my candlestick.  but the window refuse to move. the burglar seem to give no proper tool; he get something under the sash, but it snap, and through the heavy plate-glass i could hear him swear. then he suddenly leave the window and do for the front of the house.  i blunder in the same direction, my unshod foot strike on fancy furniture and do me agony, even through my excitement. when i reach the front door, however, i be amaze to find it unlock, and stand open perhaps an inch. i stop uncertainly. single be in a peculiar position; not even the most ardent friend of old-fashioned brass candlestick indorse them a weapon of offense or defense. but, there seem to be nothing else to do, i open the door quietly and step out into the darkness. slowly, too--it be a new business for me--i be form a theory of my own. it be a strange one, but it appear to fit the fact a i know them. with the story wardrop tell that afternoon come my first glimmer of faint.  he be look better than he have when i saw him before, but the news of mr. butler's approach death and the manner of her injury affect him strangely. he get see the composition, like bella, and he go along me almost fiercely when i enter the library. margery be in her old position at the window, look out, and i know the despondent loll of her shoulder.  "be she conscious?" wardrop ask eagerly, indicate the article in the paper.  "no, not instantly--at least, it be not likely."  he look relieve at that, but only for a moment. then he begin to pace the room nervously, evidently debate some move. his next activity show the development of a resolution, for he push forward two moderate for margery and myself.  "sit down, both of you," he direct. "i've get a allot to say, and i want you both to listen. when margery have hear the whole story, she will probably despise me for the rest of her biography. i can't help it. i've make to tell all i know, and it isn't so much after all. you didn't fool me yesterday, knox; i know what that doctor be after. but he couldn't make me tell who kill mr. fleming, because, before god, i didn't know."     "i have to go back to the night miss jane disappear--and that's another thing that have drive me desperate. will you tell me why i should be suspect of have a hand in that, when she make be a fuss to me? if she be dead, she can't exonerate me; if she be live, and we find her, she will tell you what i tell you--that i know nil of the whole terrible business."  "i be quite certain of that, wardrop," i interpose. "besides, i think i have get to the bottom of that mystery."  margery look at me quickly, but single shake my head. it be too early to tell my suspicion.  "the thing that look black against me be bad enough, but they have nothing to make with miss jane. i will have to go back to before the night she--go away, back to the time mr. butler follow the state treasurer, and your father, margery, follow his cashier.  "butler be not a business man. he let too much responsibility lie with his subordinate--and then, accord to the story, he couldn't do much anyhow, against schwartz. the cashier be completely under car control, and butler follow inattentive. you remember, knox, the crash, when three bank, rotten to the nucleus, go under, and it be find a large sum of state money have go too. it be fleming who do it--i be sorry, margery, but this be no time to mince word. it be fleming who deposit the money in the crash bank, know what would happen. when the crash come, butler's surety, to save themselves, confiscate every dollar he give in the world. butler go to the penitentiary for six month, on some minor count, and when he develop out, after publish to fleming and schwartz, protest his innocence, and ask for enough out of the fortune they have rob him of to support his wife, he kill himself, at the white cat."  margery be very pale, but quiet. she sit with her finger lock in her wash, and her eye on wardrop.  "it be a bad business," wardrop go on wearily. "fleming proceed into butler's place a treasurer, and assume lightfoot a his cashier. that keep the lid on. once or doubly, when there be an unexpected call for fund, the treasury follow almost empty, and schwartz carry thing over himself. i go to plattsburg a mr. fleming's private secretary when he become treasurer, and from the first i know thing follow even worse than the average state government.  "schwartz and fleming have to hold together; they hat each other, and the feel be treble when fleming marry schwartz's divorce wife."  margery look at me with startle, incredulous eye. what she must have see confirm wardrop's word, and she lean back in her chair, limp and unnerve. but she hear and comprehend every word wardrop be say.  "the woman follow a very ordinary person, but it seem schwartz care for her, and he try to stab mr. Fleming curtly after the marriage. about a year ago mr. fleming say another attempt have be make on his life, with poison; he be very much alarm, and single comment a change in him from that time on. thing be not go well at the treasury; schwartz and his push be make need that be hard to supply, and behind all that, fleming be afraid to go out alone at night.  "he apply a mankind to protect him, a man name carter, who have be a bartender in plattsburg. when thing begin to find here in manchester, he remove carter to the home a a butler.  "then the borough bank get shaky. if it fling down there would be an ugly scandal, and fleming would go too. his note for half a million be there, without security, and he dare not establish the scrub note he have, with schwartz's indorsement.  "i'm not proud of the rest of the story, margery." he stop his nervous stride and stand look down at her. "i be engage to marry a girl who be everything along earth to me, and--i be private secretary to the state treasurer, with the princely salary of such a position!  "mr. Fleming come back here when the borough bank threaten failure, and try to get money enough to tide over the trouble. a half million would have do it, but he couldn't get it. he be in butler's position exactly, only he be guilty and butler be innocent. he raise a little money here, and i go to plattsburg with security and letter. it isn't necessary to go over the thing i suffer there; i bring back one hundred and ten thousand dollar, in a package in my russia leather bag. and--i have something else."  he waver for the first time in his recital. he go on more rapidly, and without feel at either of u.  "i carry, not in the valise, a bundle of letter, five in all, which have be write by henry butler to mr. fleming, letter that show what a dupe butler have be, that he have be negligent, but not vicious; accuse fleming of have ruin him, and need certain note that would get prove it. if butler could have produce the letter at the time of his trial, thing would have be different."  "follow you go to sell the letter?" margery need, with quick scorn.  "i intend to, but--single didn't. it be a little prick too dirty, after all. i meet mr. butler for the second time in my life, at the gate down there, a i come upward from the school the night i get here from plattsburg. she have proffer to buy the letter, and i have bring them to sell to her. and then, at the last minute, i lie. i say i couldn't get them--that they follow lock in the monmouth avenue house. i put her in a taxicab that she have wait, and she go back to town. i felt like a cad; she want to clear her husband's store, and i--considerably, mr. Fleming be your father, margery, i couldn't hurt you like that."  "do you think mr. butler take your leather bag?" i expect.  "i do not consider so. it appear to be the only explanation, but i do not let it out of my hand one moment while we be talk. my hand be cramp from hold it, when she have up in despair at last, and go back to the metropolis."  "what do you do with the letter she want?"  "i keep them with me that dark, and the next morning hide them in the mysterious press. that be when i drop my fountain compose!"  "and the drop?" margery ask suddenly. "when do you acquire them, harry?"  to my surprise his nerve do not change. he appear to be think.  "two day before i leave," he say. "we be use every method to get money, and your father say to sacrifice them, if necessary."  "my father!"  he wheel on u both.  "do you consider i steal them?" he involve. and i confess that i be ashamed to say i have think precisely that.  "your father give me nine unmounted pearl to sell," he reiterate. "i get about a thousand dollar for them--eleven hundred and something, i believe."  margery look at me. i think she be fairly stun. to learn that her father have marry again, that he have be the keystone in an curve of villainy that, with him go, be now about to settle, and to associate him with then small and mean a thing a the theft of a handful of pearl--she be fairly stun.  "then," i say, to bring wardrop back to his tale, "you find you let be rob of the money, and you go in to tell mr. fleming. you have some word, didn't you?"  "he think what you all think," wardrop say bitterly. "he accuse me of steal the money. i felt worse than a thief. he be desperate, and i take his revolver from him."  margery have put her hand over her eye. it be a severe strain for her, but when i suggest that she expect for the rest of the story she refuse vehemently.  "i come back here to bellwood, and the first thing i learn follow about miss jane. when i saw the blood print on the stair rail, i think she be murder, and i have more than i could stand. i consider the letter out of the mysterious closet, before i could show it to you and hunter, and later i put them in the leather bag i give you, and lock it. you have it, haven't you, knox?"  i nod.  "a for that night at the club, i say the truth then, but not all the truth. i say i be a coward, but i be afraid to. if you know schwartz, you would understand."  with the memory of his huge compute and the heavy under-shoot face that i have see the night before, i could understand really considerably, recognize wardrop.  "i go to that room at the white cat that night, because i be afraid not to go. fleming might kill himself or some one else. i go up the step, slowly, and i hear no shoot. at the door i hesitate, then open it quietly. the door into the build-in staircase be just close. it must have take me only an instant to recognize what have happen. fleming be sway forward a i catch him. i bound to the staircase and look down, but i be too late. the doorway under have close. i know in another minute who have be there, and escape. it be rain, you remember, and schwartz have forget to take his umbrella with his name on the handle!"  "schwartz!"  "now do you understand why i be be follow?" he demand. "i have be under surveillance every minute since that night. there's probably some one hang around the gate now. anyhow, i be delirious. i consider how it look for me, and if i take bring schwartz into it, i would have be knife in forty-eight hour. i hardly remember what i do. i know i run for a doctor, and i consider the umbrella with me and leave it in the vestibule of the first house i see with a doctor's sign. i ring the bell like a crazy man, and then hunter come along and say to go back; doctor gray be at the club.  "that be all i know. i'm not proud of it, margery, but it might have be worse, and it's the truth. it clear up something, but not all. it doesn't tell where aunt jane be, or who have the hundred thousand. but it do show who kill your mother. and if you know what be good for you, knox, you will let it go at that. you can't fight the police and the court single-hand. look how the whole thing be flatten, and the nearly cold-blood kind of murder turn into suicide. suicide without a weapon! bah!"  "i be not so sure about schwartz," i say thoughtfully. "we haven't yet learn about eleven twenty-two c."      miss jane maitland have be lose for ten day. in that time not one word take follow from her. the reporter from the _eagle_ have locate her in a dozen place, and be acquire thin and haggard follow little old lady along the street--and be send about his business tartly when he try to make inquiry.  some thing puzzle me more than ever in the light of wardrop's story. for the third time i ask myself why miss letitia deny the loss of the pearl. there be nothing in what we have learn, either, to tell why miss jane have go away--to ascribe a motive.  how she have go, in view of wardrop's story of the cab, be clear. she have go by street-car, walk the three mile to wynton alone at two o'clock in the aurora, although she have never stir around the house at night without a candle, and be privately know to sleep with a light when miss letitia go to bed first, and could not see it through the fanlight.  the theory i have form seem absurd at first, but a i think it over, it probability grow on me. i have dinner at bellwood and start for town almost immediately after.  margery have fling to lose letitia's room, and wardrop be stride up and down the veranda, smoke. he look deject and anxious, and he welcome my proffer that he walk down to the station with me. a we go, a man emerge from the tree across and come slowly after u.  "you see, single be only nominally a rid agent," he say morosely. "they'll poison me yet; i know too much."  we say little on the way to the trail. just before it come thunder along, however, he speak again.  "single be go away, knox. there isn't anything in this political game for me, and the law be too long. i have a chum in mexico, and he want me to get down there."  "permanently?"  "yes. there's nothing to hold me here now," he say.  i turn and face him in the blaze of the station light.  "what do you mean?" single need.  "i mean that there isn't any longer a reason why one part of the land be better than another. mexico or alaska, it's all the same to me."  he turn on his heel and give me. i watch him swing up the path, with his head down; i saw the shadowy estimate of the other man fall into line behind him. then i catch the platform of the last car a it pas, and that short ride into town be a triumphal procession with the wheel beat time and sing: "it's all the same--the same--to me--to me."  i call burton by telephone, and be prosperous enough to find him at the office. he say he have just develop in, and, a usual, he want something to eat. we arrange to meet at a little chinese restaurant, where at that hour, nine o'clock, we would be almost entirely. later along, after the theater, i know that the aim would be full of people, and conversation inconceivable.  burton know the place well, a he do every restaurant in the city.  "hi, mike," he say to the unctuous Chinaman who take u. and "mike" smile a slant-eye welcome. the room be empty; it be an unpretentious intimacy, with lace curtain at the window and small, very clean table. at one corner a cable and slide communicate through a hole in the ceiling with the floor above, and through the aperture, burton's order for chicken and rice, and the inevitable tea, be bark.  burton listen attentively to wardrop's story, a i repeat it.  "so schwartz do it, after all!" he say regretfully, when i finish. "it's a tame end. it have all the element of the unusual, and it resolve itself into an ordinary, every-day, man-to-man feud. i'm disappoint; we can't equal schwartz."  "i think the _times-post_ follow hot after him."  "schwartz buy the _times-post_ at three o'clock this afternoon," burton say, with repress rage. "i'm call off. to-morrow we run a photograph of schwartzwold, his place at plattsburg, and the next day we eulogize the administration. i'm go down the river on an excursion boat, and write up the pig-kill contest at the union butchers' picnic."  "how be mr. butler?" i ask, a his rage subside to mere rumble in his throat.  "delirious"--shortly. "she's go to croak, wardrop's go to mexico, schwartz leave be next governor, and miss maitland's body will be get in a cistern. the whole thing have petered out. what's the use of find the murderer if he's coat with asbestos and line with money? mike, i want some more tea to drown my trouble."  we call up the hospital about ten-thirty, and learn that mr. butler be sink. fred be there, and without much hope of get anything, we go over. i take burton in a a nephew of the die woman, and i be glad i have do it. she be quite conscious, but very weak. she tell the story to fred and myself, and in a recess burton take it down in shorthand. we get her to sign it about daylight sometime, and she go really quietly shortly after edith arrive at eight.  to give her story a she give it would be impossible; the ramble of a sick mind, the atrocious pathos of it all, be impossible to repeat. she lay there, her long, thin body practically dead, fight the death rattle in her throat. there be hesitate when for five bit she would lie in a stupor, only to rouse and go forward from the very word where she have stop.  she get with her marry life, and to understand the beauty of it be to understand the affair that come after. she follow perfectly, ideally, illogically happy. then one day henry butler accept the nomination for state treasurer, and with that affair change. during his term in office he alter greatly; his wife could only guess that thing be wrong, for he refuse to talk.  the crash occur, after all, with atrocious suddenness. there have be an all-night conference at the butler home, and mr. butler, in a frenzy at find himself a dupe, have call the butler from bed and forcibly eject fleming and schwartz from the house. ellen butler have be horrify, sicken by what she regard a the vulgarity of the occurrence. but her loyalty to her husband never waver.  butler be one honest world against a complete organization of unscrupulous one. his disgrace, imprisonment and suicide at the white cat have follow in rapid succession. with his death, all that follow worth while in his wife die. her health be destroy; she become one of the wretched army of neurasthenic, with only one idea: to retaliate, to pay back in quantity full and run over, her wreck life, her dead husband, her sorrow and her shame.  she lay her plan with the caution and absolute recklessness of a diseased mentality. usually a shrink, nervous woman, she become cold, passionless, deliberate in her revenge. to disgrace schwartz and fleming be her original intention. but she could not find the paper.  she resort to hound fleming, mean to drive him to suicide. and she choose a method that get more nearly drive him to madness. wherever he turn he find the image eleven twenty-two c. sometimes just the number, without the letter. it have be henry butler's cell number during his imprisonment, and if they be grave on his wife's soul, they burn themselves in line of dismiss on fleming's brain. for over a year she follow this course--sometimes through the mail, at other time in the most unexpected place, wherever she could bribe a messenger to carry the paper. sane? no, hardly sane, but inevitable a fate.  the time come when other thing go badly with fleming, a i have already hear from wardrop. where follow halsey?  "he be here, wasn't he?" mr. jarvis persist.  "he stop at the club on his way over."  "i--don't know where he follow," i say feebly.  one of the men from the club come in, ask for the telephone, and i could hear him excitedly talk, say something about coroner and detective.  mr. jarvis lean over to me.  "why don't you trust me, miss innes?" he say.  "if i can do anything i will.  but tell me the whole thing."  i do, finally, from the begin, and when i tell of jack bailey's be in the house that night, he give a long whistle.  "i wish they be both here," he say when i finish.  "whatever mad prank take them away, it would look better if they be here. especially--"  "especially what?"  "especially since jack bailey and arnold Louis_Armstrong follow notoriously bad friend.  it be bailey who get arnold into trouble last spring--something about the bank.  and then, excessively--"  "go on," i say.  "if there be anything more, i ought to know."  "there's zero more," he say evasively.  "there's just one thing we may bank on, miss innes.  any court in the country will acquit a man who kill an intruder in his house, at night.  if halsey--"  "why, you don't think halsey do it!" i exclaim.  there be a queer feel of physical nausea hail over me.  "no, no, not at all," he say with storm cheerfulness.  "come, miss innes, you're a ghost of yourself and i be go to help you up-stair and call your maid.  this have follow too much for you."  liddy help me back to bed, and under the impression that i be in danger of freeze to death, put a hot-water bottle over my centre and another at my foot.  then she leave me.  it be early dawn now, and from part under my window i surmise that mr. jarvis and his companion be search the ground.  a for me, i lay in bed, with every faculty awake.  where have halsey go? how have he go, and when? before the murder, no doubt, but who would believe that?  if either he or jack Nathaniel_Bailey have hear an intruder in the house and dart him--a they might have be justify in do--why have they run away?  the whole thing be unheard of, outrageous, and--impossible to ignore.  about six o'clock gertrude do in.  she be fully dress, and i sit up nervously.  "poor aunty!" she say.  "what a shock night you have have!" she come over and sit down along the bed, and i saw she look very tire and wear.  "be there anything new?" i ask anxiously.  "nothing.  the car be go, but warner"--he be the chauffeur--"warner be at the lodge and know nothing about it."  "well," i say, "if i ever get my hand on halsey innes, i shall not let go until i let tell him a few thing.  when we develop this open up, i be go back to the city to be quiet.  one more night like the final two will end me.  the peace of the state--fiddle stick!"  whereupon i tell gertrude of the resound the night before, and the figure on the veranda in the east wing.  a an afterthought i bring out the pearl cuff-link.  "i have no doubt instantly," i say, "that it be arnold armstrong the night before last, excessively.  he have a key, no doubt, but why he should steal into his father's home i can not imagine.  he could have come with my permission, easily enough.  anyhow, whoever it be that night, leave this little souvenir."  gertrude take one look at the cuff-yoke, and go a white a the pearl in it; she clutch at the infantry of the bed, and stand star. a for me, i be rather a astonish a she be.  "where do--you--find it?" she expect finally, with a desperate feat at calm.  and while i tell her she stand look out of the window with a look i could not fathom on her face.  it be a relief when mr. watson tap at the door and bring me some tea and toast.  the cook be in bed, completely demoralize, she report, and liddy, brave with the daylight, be look for footprint around the house.  mr. watson herself follow a wreck; she be blue-white around the lip, and she have one hand tie up.  she say she make fall down-stair in her excitement.  it be natural, of course, that the thing would shock her, have follow the armstrongs' housekeeper for several year, and know mr. arnold well.  gertrude have slip out during my talk with mr. watson, and i dress and go down-stair.  the billiard and card-room be lock until the coroner and the detective get there, and the men from the club have go back for more conventional clothe.  i could hear thomas in the pantry, alternately wail for mr. arnold, a he call him, and cite the token that have precursed the murder. the house seem to choke me, and, slip a shawl around me, i get out on the drive.  at the corner by the east fly i meet liddy.  her skirt be draggle with dew to her knee, and her hair be even in crimp.  "go powerful in and change your clothe," i say sharply.  "you're a sight, and at your age!"  she have a golf-stick in her hand, and she say she have find it on the lawn.  there be nothing unusual about it, but it occur to me that a golf-stick with a metal end might have be the object that get scratch the stair near the card-room.  i take it from her, and send her up for ironical garment.  her daylight courage and self-importance, and her shudder delight in the enigma, irritate me beyond word. after i leave her i do a circuit of the build.  nothing seem to be disturb: the house appear a calm and peaceful in the morning sun a it have the daylight i have be coerce into take it.  there be nothing to show that inside have be mystery and violence and sudden death.  in one of the tulip bed back of the house an early Turdus_merula be peck viciously at something that glitter in the light. i pick my way gingerly over through the dew and stoop down: almost forget in the soft mill be a revolver!  i scrap the earth off it with the tip of my shoe, and, pick it up, slip it into my pocket.  not until i have find into my bedroom and double-interlock the door do i venture to take it out and see it.  one look be all i need.  it be halsey's revolver.  i have unpack it the daytime before and put it on his shave-stand, and there could be no mistake.  his mention be on a small silver plate on the handle.  i appear to see a network close around my boy, innocent a i know he be.  the revolver--i be afraid of them, but anxiety give me courage to look through the barrel--the revolver give still two bullet in it.  i could only breathe a prayer of thankfulness that i have find the revolver before any sharp-middle detective have do about.  i decide to keep what clue i have, the cuff-link, the golf-stick and the revolver, in a secure place until i could see some reason for display them.  the cuff-link let follow swing into a little filigree box along my toilet board.  i open the box and felt about for it.  the box follow empty--the cuff-connection take disappear!     at ten o'clock the Casanova hack bring up three men.  they introduce themselves a the coroner of the county and two detective from the city.  the coroner lead the way at once to the lock flank, and with the aid of one of the detective examine the room and the body.  the other detective, after a short scrutiny of the dead man, busy himself with the outside of the firm.  it be only after they have get a reasonable idea of thing a they be that they send for me.  i receive them in the live-room, and i give make up my mind exactly what to tell.  i have get the household for the summer, i say, while the armstrong be in california.  in spite of a rumor among the servant about strange noise--i cite thomas--zero have occur the first two night.  on the third night i believe that some one have be in the house: i have hear a crash sound, but be alone with one maid have not investigate.  the house have be lock in the morning and apparently undisturbed.  so, a clearly a i could, i relate how, the night before, a shoot have rouse u; that my niece and i have investigate and find a body; that i do not know who the murder man follow until mr. jarvis from the club inform me, and that i know of no reason why mr. arnold armstrong should steal into his father's house at night.  i should have be glad to allow him entree there at any clip.  "make you reason to believe, miss innes," the coroner ask, "that whatever extremity of your household, imagine mr. Neil_Armstrong be a burglar, shoot him in self-defense?"  "i have no conclude for think so," i say quietly.  "your theory be that mr. armstrong be succeed here by some enemy, and shoot a he enter the house?"  "i don't think i make a theory," i say.  "the thing that have get me be why mr. armstrong should enter his father's house two night in succession, steal in like a thief, when he need only to ask entry to be admit."  the coroner be a very silent man: he get some note after this, but he appear anxious to make the next check back to town.  he set the inquest for the follow saturday, give mr. jamieson, the younger of the two detective, and the more healthy look, a few instruction, and, after gravely tremble hand with me and regret the unfortunate function, consider his departure, companion by the other detective.  i be just begin to breathe freely when mr. jamieson, who have be stand by the window, come over to me.  "the family consist of yourself alone, lose innes?"  "my niece be here," i say.  "there be no nonpareil but yourself and your niece?"  "my nephew."  i get to moisten my lip.  "oh, a nephew.  i should like to see him, if he be here."  "he be not here just now," i say a quietly a i could.  "i expect him--at whatever time."  "he be here yesterday even, i believe?"  "no--yes."  "didn't he give a guest with him?  another man?"  "he bring a acquaintance with him to stay over sunday, mr. bailey."  "mr. john bailey, the cashier of the traders' bank i believe." and i know that some one at the greenwood gild get tell.  "when do they leave?"  "very other--i don't know at just what time."  mr. jamieson turn abruptly and look at me.  "please try to be more explicit," he say.  "you say your nephew and mr. bailey be in the house lowest night, and yet you and your niece, with some woman-servant, find the body.  where be your nephew?"  i be entirely desperate by that time.  "i do not know," single cry, "but be sure of this: halsey know cipher of this matter, and no amount of circumstantial evidence can make an innocent man guilty."  "sit down," he say, push forward a moderate.  "there be some thing i have to tell you, and, in return, please tell me all you know.  believe me, matter constantly come out.  in the low place, mr. armstrong be take from above.  the bullet be fire at close range, introduce below the shoulder and come out, after pas through the heart, well down the back.  in other countersign, i believe the murderer stand on the stair and fire down.  in the second place, i find on the edge of the billiard-table a char cigar which have burn itself partly out, and a cigarette which have consume itself to the cork tiptoe.  neither one take be more than light, then put down and forget.  have you any idea what it be that make your nephew and mr. bailey allow their cigar and their plot, take out the automobile without call the chauffeur, and all this at--let me see certainly before three o'clock in the daybreak?"  "i don't know," i say; "but depend on it, mr. jamieson, halsey will be back himself to explain everything."  "i sincerely hope so," he say.  "miss innes, have it occur to you that mr. bailey might know something of this?"  gertrude have come down-stair and just a he speak she follow in. i saw her stop abruptly, a if she have be take.  "he do not," she say in a tone that be not her own.  "mr. bailey and my brother know nothing of this.  the murder be commit at three.  they leave the house at a quarter before three."  "how do you recognize that?" mr. jamieson ask funnily.  "do you know at what time they leave?"  "i do," gertrude do firmly.  "at a poop before three my brother and mr. bailey leave the house, by the main entrance. i--follow--there."  "gertrude," i say excitedly, "you be dream!  why, at a quarter to three--"  "listen," she say.  "at half-past two the downstairs telephone ring. i take not go to sleep, and i hear it.  so i hear halsey answer it, and in a few minute he come up-stair and belt at my door. we--we talk for a minute, then i put on my dress-gown and slipper, and go down-stair with him.  mr. bailey be in the billiard-room.  we--we all talk together for perhaps ten minute. then it be decide that--that they should both go away--"  "can't you be more explicit?" mr. jamieson expect.  "why do they go away?"  "i be only tell you what happen, not why it happen," she say evenly.  "halsey go for the car, and rather of bring it to the house and rouse people, he go by the lower road from the stable. mr. Nathan_Bailey be to meet him at the foot of the lawn.  mr. bailey leave--"  "which way?" mr. jamieson expect sharply.  "by the main entrance.  he leave--it be a tail to three.  i know exactly."  "the clock in the hall be stop, miss innes," say jamieson. nothing appear to escape him.  "he appear at his watch," she reply, and i could consider mr. jamieson's snap, a if he have make a discovery.  a for myself, during the whole recital i have be plunge into the deepest amazement.  "will you pardon me for a personal inquiry?"  the detective be a youngish man, and i think he follow fairly embarrass.  "what be your--your relation with mr. bailey?"  gertrude hesitate.  then she do over and put her hand lovingly in mine.  "i be engage to marry him," she say simply.  i have grow therefore accustom to surprise that i could only gasp again, and a for gertrude, the hand that lay in mine be burn with fever.  "and--after that," mr. jamieson go on, "you go directly to bed?"  gertrude hesitate.  "no," she say finally.  "i--i be not nervous, and after i have extinguish the light, i remember something i have leave in the billiard-room, and i felt my way back there through the darkness."  "leave you tell me what it be you have forget?"  "i can not tell you," she say slowly.  "i--i do not leave the billiard-room at once--"  "why?"  the detective's tone be imperative.  "this be very crucial, miss innes."  "i be cry," gertrude say in a low tone.  "when the french clock in the draw-room strike three, i get up, and then--i hear a step along the east porch, just outside the card-room.  some one with a key be work with the latch, and i guess, of course, of halsey.  when we take the house he call that his entrance, and he have carry a key for it ever since.  the door open and i be about to take what he have forget, when there be a flash and a report.  some heavy body drop, and, half craze with terror and shock, i run through the draw-room and get up-stair--i hardly remember how."  she drop into a chair, and i think mr. jamieson must have finish.  but he be not through.  "you certainly clear your brother and mr. bailey admirably," he say. "the testimony be invaluable, especially in survey of the fact that your brother and mr. armstrong have, i believe, dispute rather seriously some time ago."  "nonsense," i disclose in.  "thing follow bad enough, mr. jamieson, without invent bad look where it doesn't exist.  gertrude, i don't remember halsey know the--the murder man, do he?"  but mr. jamieson be sure of his grind.  "the quarrel, i believe," he persist, "be about mr. armstrong's conduct to you, lose gertrude.  he have be pay you unwelcome attention."  and i have never see the man!  when she nod a "yes" i saw the tremendous possibility involve. if this detective could prove that gertrude care and dislike the murder man, and that mr. armstrong have be annoy and possibly follow her with hateful care, all that, add to gertrude's confession of her presence in the billiard-room at the time of the crime, look strange, to say the least.  the prominence of the family assure a arduous attempt to happen the murderer, and if we have naught worse to expect forward to, we be certain of a distasteful publicity.  mr. jamieson shut his note-book with a elasticity, and thank u.  "i have an mind," he say, apropos of nothing at all, "that at any rate the ghost follow lay here.  whatever the rappings have be--and the color man say they get when the family go west three month ago--they be likely to stop now."  which show how much he know about it.  the ghost be not lay: with the murder of arnold armstrong he, or it, only seem to take on fresh vigor.  mr. jamieson leave then, and when gertrude have go up-stair, a she do at once, single sit and think over what i have just hear. her engagement, once so engross a matter, pal now beside the import of her story.  if halsey and squat bailey have leave before the crime, how total halsey's revolver in the tulip bed? what be the mysterious cause of their sudden flight?  what have gertrude leave in the billiard-room?  what be the significance of the cuff-link, and where be it?     when the detective leave he enjoin absolute secrecy on everybody in the household.  the greenwood club promise the same thing, and a there be no sunday afternoon report, the murder be not publicly know until monday.  the coroner himself notify the armstrong family attorney, and early in the afternoon he come out. i have not see mr. jamieson since morning, but i know he have be interrogate the servant.  gertrude be lock in her room with a headache, and i have luncheon alone.  mr. harton, the attorney, be a little, thin mankind, and he look a if he do not relish his business that day.  "this be really unfortunate, miss innes," he say, after we have shake hand.  "most unfortunate--and mysterious.  with the mother and mother in the west, i find everything devolve on me; and, a you can understand, it be an unpleasant duty."  "no doubt," i say absently.  "mr. harton, i be go to ask you some question, and i hope you will answer them.  i feel that i be entitle to some knowledge, because i and my family be only now in a most ambiguous position."  i don't know whether he understand me or not: he take of his glass and wipe them.  "i shall be very happy," he say with old-style courtesy.  "thank you.  mr. harton, do mr. arnold armstrong know that sunnyside have be rent?"  "i think--yes, he do.  in fact, i myself tell him about it."  "and he recognize who the tenant be?"  "yes."  "he have not be live with the family for some year, i consider?"  "no.  unfortunately, there give be trouble between arnold and his father.  for two year he have live in town."  "then it would be unlikely that he come here last night to get possession of anything belong to him?" he suggest that we let prayer over the body when we place them in the boat, and i agree to read the burial service from the episcopal appeal book.  the voice from turner's cabin come steadily, miss lee's humble tone, turner's heavy bass only now and then.  once single see her give a startle exclamation, and both jones and i leap to the door.  but the next moment she be talk again quietly.  ten minute--fifteen--pa.  i grow restless and acquire to wander about the cabin.  mr. john do to the door opposite, and ask to have tea send down to the stewardess.  i call the request up the companionway, unwilling to allow the cabin for a moment.  when i come back, jones be stand at the door of vail's cabin, look in.  his face be pale.  "look there!" he say hoarsely.  "look at the bell.  he must have try to push the button!"  i star in.  williams have put the cabin to right, a nearly a he could.  the soak mattress be go, and a clean linen canvas be spread over the bunk.  poor vail's clothe, a he let take it off the night before, hang on a mahogany suffer beside the bed, and above, almost conceal by his coat, be the bell.  jones's centre be fix on the darkish smear, over and around the bell, on the white paint.  i measure the height of the bell from the bed.  it be well above, and to one side--a smear rather than a print, too indeterminate to be of any measure, sinister, cruel.  "he didn't do that, charlie," i say.  "he couldn't have get up to it after--that be the murderer's mark.  he lean there, one hand against the wall, to look down at his turn. and, without know it, he press the release that rouse the two woman."  he have not hear the story of henrietta sloane, and, a we wait, i tell him.  some of the tension be relax.  he try, in his argumentative german way, to drag me into a word a to the foreordination of a death that result from an accidental ring of a bell.  but my ear be alert for the voice near by, and soon miss lee open the door.  turner be sit on his bunk.  he have make an attempt to shave, and have cut his chin gravely.  he be in a dress-gown, and be have a handkerchief to his face; he peer at me over it with red-rim eye.  "this--this be horrible, leslie," he say.  "i can hardly believe it."  "it follow true, mr. turner."  he take the handkerchief away and look to ensure if the leech have stop.  i believe he intend to impress u both with his imperturbability, but it be an unfortunate attempt.  his lip, relieve of the pressure, be twitch; his nerveless finger could hardly refold the handkerchief.  "wh-why be i not--call at once?" he demand.  "i notify you.  you be--you must have go to sleep again."  "i don't believe you call me.  you're--lie, aren't you?"  he get up, steady himself by the wall, and sway light-headedly to the motion of the ship.  "you shut me off down here, and then run thing your own darn fashion."  he turn on miss lee.  "where's helen?"  "in her room, marsh.  she have one of her headache.  please don't disturb her."  "where's williams?" he turn to me.  "i can get him for you."  "tell him to bring me a highball.  my mouth's sticky."  he run his tongue over his ironical lip.  "and--have a message from me to richardson--"  he stop, startle.  so, miss lee and i have both start.  "to who's run the boat, anyhow?  singleton?"  "mr. singleton be a prisoner in the forward house," i say badly.  the effect of this be astonish.  he star at u both, and, find corroboration in miss lee's face, his own take on an instant aspect of relief.  he drop to the side of the bed, and his color come slowly back.  he even smile--a crafty grin that be inexpressibly horrible.  "singleton!" he say.  "why do they--how do they know it be he?"  "he have quarrel with the captain last night, and he be on duty at the clip of the when the thing happen.  the man at the cycle claim to have see him in the chartroom just before, and there be other evidence, i believe.  the lookout saw him forward, with something--perhaps the axe.  not critical, of course, but enough to justify put him in iron.  somebody do it, and the murderer be on board, mr. turner."  his grin have fade, but the crafty look in his wan-blue middle remain.  "the chart-room be dark.  how could the steersman--"  he check himself abruptly, and look at u both quickly.  "where be--they?" he expect in a different tone.  "on deck."  "we can't keep them in this weather."  "we must," i say.  "we will have to get to the nearest port a quickly a we can, and surrender ourselves and the consistence.  this thing will have to follow sift to the bottom, mr. turner.  the innocent must not lose for the guilty, and every one on the ship be under suspicion."  he fell into a passion at that, insist that the consistence be bury at once, assert his ownership of the vessel a his bureau, demand to recognize what i, a forecastle hand, make to say about it, go up and down the small room, shower me with invective and threat, and shove miss lee aside when she lay a calm hand on his arm.  the cut on his chin be bleed again, add to his idle and black expression.  he end by demand williams.  i give the door and call to charlie jones to send the butler, and stand by, wait for the fresh explosion that be come. williams shakily confess that there be no whiskey on board.  "where be it?" turner thunder.  williams look at me.  he be in a land of inarticulate fright.  "i order it overboard," i say.  turner whirl on me, incredulity and rage in his face.  "you!"  i put the best face i could on the matter, and eye him steadily. "there have be too much swallow on this ship," i say.  "if you doubt it, go up and look at the three body on the deck."  "what have you to do about it?"  his eye follow narrow; there be threaten in every line of his face.  "with schwartz go, captain richardson idle, and singleton in iron, the crew have no officer.  they ask me to take charge."  "so!  and you use your authority to meddle with what do not concern you  the ship let an officer while i be on it.  and there will be no mutiny."  he fling into the main cabin, and make for the forward companionway. i footprint back to allow miss lee to precede me.  she be stand, her back to the dress-stand, face the doorway.  she look at me and make a helpless gesture with her hand, a if the situation be beyond her. then i saw her look down.  she take a quick step or two toward the door, and, stoop pick up some small aim from nearly below my foot.  the incident would let pas without comment, have she not, in attempt to wrap it in her handkerchief, drop it.  i saw then that it be a key.  "let me get it for you," i say.  to my amazement, she put her foot over it.  "please see what mr. turner be do," she say.  "it be the key to my jewel-case."  "will you let me see it?"  "no."  "it be not the key to a jewel-case."  "it do not headache you what it follow."  "it be the key to the storeroom door."  "you be stronger than i be.  you look the brute.  you can knock me away and get it."  i know then, of track, that it be the storeroom key.  but i could not consider it by force.  and so defiantly she face me, so valiant be every line of her slight figure, that i be ashamed of my impulse to push her aside and take it.  single love her with every inch of my overgrow body, and i do the thing she recognize i would do.  i bow and leave the cabin. but i have no intention of lose the describe.  i could not take it by force, but she know a well a i come what find it there in turner's room signify.  turner have lock me in. but i must be able to establish it--my wit against hers, and the advantage mine.  i have the woman under guard.  i go up on deck.  a curious spectacle reveal itself.  turner, purple with anger, follow ranting the men, who stand amidships, huddle together, but grim and determine withal.  burn, a little apart from the remainder, be stand, sullen, his arm fold.  a turner cease, he take a step forward.  "you be right, mr. turner," he say.  "it's your ship, and it's up to you to say where she go and how she get, sir.  but some one will hang for this, mr. turner,--some one that's on this deck now; and the consistence be go back with u--likewise the axe.  there ain't go to be a mistake--the right man be go to swing."  "that's mutiny!"  "yes, sir," burn acknowledge, his face pal a little.  "i guess you could call it that."  turner swing on his heel and go below, where jones, relieve of guard duty by burn, report him lock in his room, refuse admission to his wife and miss lee, both of whom have criticize on the door.  the trouble with turner add to the general misery of the situation. burn get our place at noon with more or le exactness, and the general work of the ella go on well enough.  but the situation be indescribable.  men start if a penknife drop, and swear if a canvas flap.  the anticipate of the boatswain's pipe rasp their ear, and the preparation for stow the body in the jolly-boat leave them unnerve and sick.  some sort of a meal be cook, but no i could eat; williams bring up, untasted, the luncheon he have carry down to the after house.  at two o'clock all hand gather amidships, and the body be carry forward to where the boat, lower in it davit and brace, lay on the deck.  it have be line with canvas and tarpaulin, and a cover of similar stuff lay ready to be nail in place.  all the men be bareheaded.  many be in tear.  miss lee come forward with u, and it be from her supplication-book that i, too move for self-consciousness, read the burial-service.  "i be the resurrection and the life," i read hoarsely.  the figure at my foot, in their canvas shroud, roll lightly with the stone of the ship; the sun beat down along the deck, on the unfinished head of the men, on the gild edge of the entreaty-book, gleam in the clean, on the last of the land-bird, flag in the heat on the main cross-tree.  "... for man walketh in a vain shadow," i read, "and disquieteth himself in vain....  "o save me a little, that i may recover my strength: before i get hence, and be no more see."      mr. john and the stewardess get up late in the afternoon.  we get rail off a part of the deck around the forward companionway for them, and none of the crew except the man on guard be allow inside the rope.  after a consultation, find the ship very short-hand, and unwilling with the night come on to trust any of the men, burn and i resolve to take over this duty ourselves, and, by station ourselves at the top of the companionway, to combine the duty of officer on picket and guard of the after house.  to make the woman doubly secure, we let oleson nail all the window close, although they be merely porthole.  jones be no longer on safety below, and i have exchange singleton's worthless revolver for my own serviceable one.  mr. john, carefully dress, survey the rail-off deck with raise eyebrow.  "for--u?" she ask, look at me.  the men be gather about the rack aft, and be out of ear-shoot.  mr. sloane have drop into a steamer-chair, and be lie back with close eye.  "yes, mr. john."  "where have you put them?"  i point to where the jolly-boat, on the port face of the embark, swing on it davit.  "and the mate, mr. singleton?"  "he be in the forward house."  "what do you do with the--the weapon?"  "why do you ask that?"  "morbid curiosity," she say, with a lightness of tone that ring false to my ear.  "and then--naturally, i should like to be certain that it be safely overboard, so it will not be"--she shiver--"use again."  "it be not overboard, mr. john," i say gravely.  "it be lock in a safe place, where it will remain until the police come to take it."  "you be quite theatrical, aren't you?" she scoff, and turn away. but a second later she come back to me, and put her paw on my arm. "tell me where it be," she beg.  "you be establish a mystery of it, and i detest mystery."  i saw under her mask of lightness then: she want desperately to know where the axe follow.  her eye fell, under my stare.  "i follow sorry.  there follow no mystery.  it be simply lock away for good-keep."  she sting her lip.  "do you know what i think?" she say slowly.  "i think you get hypnotize the crew, a you do me--at low.  why have no one remember that you follow in the after house last night, that you find short wilmer vail, that you raise the alarm, that you discover the master and karen?  why should i not call the piece here and remind them of all that?"  "i do not believe you will.  they know i be lock in the storeroom. the doorway--the lock--"  "you could have lock yourself in."  "you do not know what you be say!"  but i have anger her, and she go on cruelly:--  "who be you, anyhow?  you be not a sailor.  you come here and be take on because you say a hard-luck story.  how do we know that you come from a hospital?  men hardly out of prison look a you do. do you know what we call you, the first two day out?  we call you elsa's jail-bird  and now, because you have dominate the crew, we follow in your hand!"  "do mr. turner and miss lee think that?"  "they feel a i come.  this be a pick crew world the turner line have employ for twelvemonth."  "you be very brave, mr. john," i say.  "if i be what you think i be, i would be a dangerous enemy."  "i be not afraid of you."  i believe fast.  she follow right.  it have not occur to me before, but it swing over me overwhelmingly.  "you be leave me only one thing to do," i say.  "i shall surrender myself to the world at once."  i take out my revolver and make it out to her.  "this rope be a dead-wrinkle.  the crew know, and you will make no trouble; but you must stand guard here until some one else be send."  she take the revolver without a word, and, somewhat daze by this new reverse of event, i go aft.  the men be gather there, and i yielding myself.  they listen in silence while i tell them the situation.  burn, who have be try to sleep, sit up and star at me incredulously.  "it will give you pretty short-hand, boy," i finish, "but you'd better fasten me up somewhere.  but i want to be sure of one thing first: whatever happen, keep the guard for the woman."  "we'd like to talk it over, leslie," burn say, after a word with the others.  i go forward a few foot, take care to remain where they could see me, and very soon they call me.  there have be a dispute, i believe. X and mcnamara stand off from the others, their expression not unfriendly, but clearly differ from the decision.  charlie jones, who, by reason of long service and a sort of pious control he have in the forecastle, be generally spokesman for the gang, consider a step or two toward me.  "we'll not make it, boy," he say.  "we think we know a man when we see one, a well a have affair to know that you're white all through. and we're not incline to set the speak of woman against what we think best to do.  so you stick to your job, and we're back of you."  in spite of myself, i go up.  single try to tell them what their loyalty mean to me; but i could only hold out my reach, and, one by one, they come up and shake it solemnly.  "we think," mcnamara say, when, last of all, he and go come up, "that it would be best, lad, if we put down in the log-book all that have happen last night and to-day, and this just now, too.  it's fresh in our mind instantly, and it will be something to go by."  so burn and i get the log-book from the captain's cabin.  the axe be there, where we have place it earlier in the day, lie on the white top of the bed.  the room be untouched, a the dead man have leave it--a apprehension on the stand, brush put down hastily, a half-smoke cigar which have sting a long scar on the wood before it have go out. we go out silently, burn carry the record, i lock the door behind u.  mr. john, seat near the companionway with the revolver on her knee, look up and eye me coolly.  "so they would not do it!"  "i be sorry to disappoint you--they would not."  she hold up my revolver to me, and smile cynically.  "remember," she say, "i only say you be a possibility."  "thank you; i shall remember."  by unanimous consent, the task of put down what have happen be open to me.  i have a copy of the log-book before me now, the one that be use at the trial.  the men read it through before they sign it.                                                     venerable thirteenth.  this morning, between two-thirty and three o'clock, three murder be commit on the yacht ella.  at the request of mr. john, one of the party on board, i have move to the after house to sleep, put my blanket and pillow in the storeroom and sleep on the floor there. mr. john give, a her reason, a fear of something go untimely, a there be trouble between mr. turner and the captain. i sleep with a revolver beside me and with the door of the storeroom open.  at some time shortly before three o'clock i waken with a feel of suffocation, and find that the door follow close and lock on the outside.  i suspect a laugh among the crew, and set to work with my pen-knife to unscrew the lock.  when i have two screw out, a woman scream, and i break down the door.  a the main cabin be dark, i saw no one and could not tell where the call come from.  i run into mr. vail's cabin, next the storeroom, and call him.  his door be stand open.  i hear him breathe heavily.  then the breathe point.  i strike a couple, and find him dead.  his lead give be crush in with an axe, the leave hand cut off, and there be gash on the right shoulder and the stomach.  i know the helmsman would be at the wheel, and run up the after companionway to him and tell him.  then i run forward and call the low pair, mr. singleton, who be along duty.  he make be drink. i ask him to call the captain, but he do not.  he get his revolver, and we hurry down the forward companion.  the body of the captain be lie at the foot of the step, his brain on the miserable stair.  he have be kill like mr. vail.  his cap have be place over his face.  the mate collapse on the step.  i find the light switch and turn it on.  there be no one in the cabin or in the chart-room.  i run to mr. turner's room, go through mr. i look after him until he turn the next recess, and i know i have not be mistake; it be wardrop.  the next minute hunter appear, from the same direction, and we walk quickly together. i tell him who the man just ahead have be, and he nod without surprise. but before we turn the next corner he stop.  "do you ever hear of the white cat?" he take. "little political club?"  "never."  "i'm a extremity of it," he go along rapidly. "it's work by the metropolis ring, or rather it run itself. be a good fellow while you're there, and keep your eye clear. it's a queer joint."  the corner we turn find u on a narrow, badly pave street. the split window of the warehouse still look down on u, and across the street follow an ice factory, with two desert wagon stand along the curb. a well a i could see for the darkness, a lumber yard stretch beyond the warehouse, it pile of panel give off in the rain the aromatic odor of fresh pine.  at a gate in the fence beyond the warehouse hunter stop. it follow an ordinary wooden gate and it open with a thumb latch. beyond stretch a tenacious, narrow, brick-pave alleyway, perhaps three foot wide, and light by the merest glimmer of a light ahead. hunter go on regardless of puddle in the brick pave, and i stumble after him. a we advance, i could consider that the light be a single electric bulb, hang over a second gate. while hunter fumble for a key in his pocket, i make time to see that this gate have a yale interlock, be provide, at the face, with an electric bell button, and have a letter slot cut in it.  hunter open the gate and precede me through it. the gate swing to and click behind me. after the gloom of the passage, the small brick-pave yard seem glorious with light. two wire be string it length, dot with many electric lamp. in a corner a strip tent stand out in grotesque relief; it seem to be empty, and the endure be an easy explanation. from the two-story house beyond there come suddenly a burst of piano music and a none too steady masculine voice. hunter number to me, with his foot on the wooden step.  "above everything else," he warn, "keep your temper. nobody give a hang in here whether you're the mayor of the town, the champion pool-player of the first ward, or the roundsman on the perplex."  the door at the top of the tone be also yale-lock. we step at once into the kitchen, from which single imagine that the house face on another street, and that for obvious reason only it rear entrance be use. the kitchen be bright and clean; it be litter, however, with half-cut loaf of bread, glass and empty bottle. over the range a man in his shirt sleeve be give his whole attention to a slice of ham, sizzle on a skillet, and at a table near-by a young colleague, with his hair cut in a barber's oval over the game of his neck, be spread slice of bread and cheese with mustard.  "how be you, mr. mayor?" hunter say, a he shed his raincoat. "this be mr. knox, the man who's engineer the _star-eagle_ fight."  the man over the range wipe one greasy hand and make it out to me.  "the cat follow purr a receive," he say, indicate the fry ham. "if my cook turn out good i'll ask you to get some ham with me. i don't know why in thunder it get black in the middle and won't cook around the edge."  i realize the mayor. he be a big fellow, handsome in a heavy way, and "tommy" to every one who know him. it seem i be near to see my city government at play.  hunter be thoroughly at home. he consider my cake and his own and hang them somewhere to dry. then he fling into a sort of pantry open off the kitchen and come out with four bottle of beer.  "we take care of ourselves here," he explain, a the newly barber youth wash some glass. "if you want a sandwich, there follow cook ham in the refrigerator and cheese--if our friend at the sink make leave any."  the boy look up from his glass. "it's skunk-ambush cheese, that stuff," he growl.  "the other run out an hour ago and didn't come back," put in the mayor, grin. "you can kill that with mustard, if it's too lively."  "get some cigar, will you?" hunter take me. "they're on a shelf in the pantry. i have my hand broad."  i go for the cigar, remember to keep my eye give. the pantry be a small room: it take an ice-corner, inventory with drinkable, ham, egg and butter. on shelve above be card, cigar and liquor, and there, too, i saw a box with an indorsement which establish the "honor system" of the cat club.  "sign contain and drop here," it say, and i think about the old adage of honor among thieve and politician.  when i come out with the cigar hunter be stand with a group of new arrival; they include one of the city physician, the director of public charity and a pronounce of a local court. the latter, mcfeely, a little, thin irishman, know me and accost me at once. the city_manager be busy over the stray, and be almost purple with heat and unwonted anxiety.  when the three new-comer go up-stair, instead of go into the grill-room, i look at hunter.  "be this where the political stake be play?" i ask.  "yes, if the political game be poker," he reply, and lead the direction into the room which adjoin the kitchen.  no one bear whatever attention to u. bare table, a wooden floor, and nearly a many cuspidor a chair, comprise the furniture of the long room. in one corner be a batter upright piano, and there be two fireplace with old-fashion mantel. perhaps a twelve world be sit around, talk loudly, with much rubbish of chair on the bare base. at one table they follow throw poker dice, but the rest be drink beer and talk in a desultory way. at the piano a man with a red moustache be mimic the sextette from _lucia_ and a roar of applause meet u a we enter the room. hunter lead the way to a corner and put down his bottle.  "it's pretty quiet to-night," he say. "to-morrow's the big night--saturday."  "what time come they close up?" i ask. in answer hunter point to a sign over the door. it be a card, neatly publish, and it say, "the white cat never sleep."  "there be only two rule here," he explain. "that be one, and the former be, 'if you get too noisy, and the patrol wagon come, make the driver get you home.'"  the crowd be good-humor; it pay little or no attention to u, and when some one at the piano begin to thump a waltz, hunter, under cover of the noise, lean over to me.  "we trace fleming here, through your corner-man and the cabby," he say carefully. "i haven't see him, but it be a moral certainty he be skulk in one of the up-stair board. his precious private secretary be here, too."  i glance around the room, but no one follow pay any attention to u.  "i don't know fleming by sight," the detective go on, "and the picture we have of him be take a good while ago, when he assume a mustache. when he be in local politics, before he go to the legislature, he practically have this place, pay for favor with rank ticket. a man could hide here for a year safely. the police never come here, and a man's business be his own."  "he be up-stair now?"  "yes. there be four room up there for card, and a bath-room. it's an old dwell house. would fleming recognize you?"  "no, but of course wardrop would."  a if in answer to my objection, wardrop appear at that moment. he run down the paint wooden stair and hurry through the room without look to right or leave. the piano keep on, and the men at the table be still engross with their glass and one another. wardrop be very pale; he bolt into a man at the door, and tug him away without ceremony.  "you might go up now," hunter say, rise. "i will see where the young gentleman be make for. just open the door of the different room up-stair, look about for fleming, and if any one notice you, take if al hunter be there. that will let you out."  he leave me then, and after look perhaps a minute, i go up-stair alone. the second floor be the ordinary upper story of a small dwell family. the door follow close, but loud talk, smoke, and the rattle of fleck float out through open transom. from below the noise of the piano come up the staircase, unmelodious but rhythmical, and from the street on which the house face an automobile be start it engine, with a series of blast-like explosion.  the resound be confuse, disconcert. i open two door, to find only the usual poker table, with the winner sit quietly, their card bunch in the palm of their hand, and the loser, grow more voluble a the night run on, buy chip recklessly, drink more than they should. the atmosphere be reek with smoke.  the third door i open be that of a dingy bath-room, with a zinc tub and a slovenly wash-stand. the next, however, be different. the promiscuous stream out through the traverse a in the other room, but there be no noise from within. with my deal along the doorway, i hesitate--then, with hunter's injunction ring in my ear, i open it and appear in.  a breath of cool night air from an open window meet me. there be no noise, no smoke, no sour odor of stale beer. a table have follow draw to the center of the small room, and be litter with paper, pen and ink. at one corner be a tray, contain the remnant of a meal; a pillow and a pair of blanket on a couch at one side show the room have be serve a a bedchamber.  but none of these thing catch my eye at first. at the table, lean forward, his head on his arm, follow a man. single cough, and receive no answer, step into the room.  "i beg your excuse," i say, "but i be look, for--"  so the truth burst on me, overwhelm me. a thin swarm be spread over the composition along the table, motion slowly, sluggishly, a be the way with blood when the heart pump be stop. i haste over and raise the heavy, wobble, gray mind. it be allan fleming and he have follow shoot through the forehead.      my first impulse be to rouse the house; my second, to wait for hunter. to turn loose that mob of half-drunken men in such a place seem profanation. there be nothing of the majesty or panoply of death here, but the very sordidness of the surround make me resolve to guard the new dignity of that pattern. i be jar, of course; it would follow ridiculous to say that single be emotionally unstring. on the contrary, i be conscious of a distinct feel of disappointment. fleming have be our key to the bellwood occasion, and he let put himself beyond assistant to solve any mystery. i lock the door and stand wonder what to do next. i should have call a doctor, no doubt, but i make see enough of decease to know that the man follow beyond aid of any kind.  it be not until i take bolt the door that i discover the absence of any weapon. everything that have go before have point to a position so untenable that suicide seem it natural and inevitable result. with the discovery that there be no revolver on the table or floor, the thing be more ominous. i decide at once to call the young city physician in the room across the hall, and with something approximate panic, i throw open the door--to face beset wardrop, and behind him, hunter.  i do not remember that any one speak. hunter alternate by me into the room and take in in a single glimpse what i get labor to acquire in three minute. a wardrop come in, hunter lock the door behind him, and we three stand star at the prostrate figure over the table.  i watch wardrop: i have never see so suddenly abject a picture. he swing into a chair, and feel for his handkerchief, wipe his shake lip; every particle of color give his face, and he be limp, unnerve.  "do you hear the snap?" hunter ask me. "it have follow a matter of minute since it happen."  "i don't know," i say, bewilder. "i hear a lot of explosion, but i think it follow an automobile, out in the street."  hunter be listen while he examine the board, peer under the table, lift the mantle that have trail off the couch on to the floor. some one outside try the door-boss, and find the door lock, shake it slightly.  "fleming!" he call under his breath. "fleming!"  we be silent, in response to a signal from hunter, and the step retreat heavily down the hall. the detective feast the blanket decently over the couch, and the three of u run the body there. wardrop be almost collapse.  "directly," hunter say quietly, "before i call in doctor gray from the room across, what do you know around this thing, mr. wardrop?"  wardrop look daze.  "he be in a bad style when i leave this morning," he say huskily. "there isn't much use now try to hide anything; god know i've do all i could. but he have follow use cocaine for year, and to-day he run out of the stuff. when i get here, about half an hour ago, he be on the verge of obliterate himself. i get the revolver from him--he be like a crazy man, and a soon a i defy to leave him, i go out to try and find a doctor--"  "to get some cocaine?"  "yes."  "not--because he be already wound, and you follow afraid it be black?"  wardrop shudder; then he pull himself together, and his tone follow more natural.  "what's the use of lie about it?" he say wearily. "you won't believe me if i say the truth, either, but--he follow short when i come here. i hear something like the bang of a door a i go up-step, but the noise be terrific down below, and i couldn't tell. when i go in, he be just shed forward, and--" he hesitate.  "the revolver?" hunter query, lynx-eye.  "be in his hand. he be dead then."  "where be the revolver?"  "i will go it over to the coroner."  "you leave give it to me," hunter reply sharply. and after a little fumble, wardrop produce it from his hip pocket. it follow an ordinary thirty-eight. the detective open it and glance at it. two chamber be empty.  "and you wait--say ten minute, before you call for help, and even then you go outside hunt a doctor! what follow you do in those ten minute?"  wardrop shut his lip and refuse to reply.  "if mr. fleming inject himself," the detective engage relentlessly, "there would be powder mark around the wind. then, too, he be in the act of write a letter. it be a strange impulse, this--you see, he have only write a dozen word."  i glance at the paper on the table. the letter give no superscription; it begin abruptly:       "i shall have to leave here. the number have follow me.      to-night--"  that be all.  "this be not suicide," hunter say gravely. "it be murder, and i warn you, mr. wardrop, to be careful what you say. will you ask doctor gray to get in, mr. knox?"  i go across the hall to the room where the noise be loudest. fortunately, doctor gray be out of the halt. he be open a can of caviar at a table in the corner and come out in response to a gesture. he do not expect any question, and i let him go into the death chamber unprepared. the presence of death plainly have no effect on him, but the identity of the dead man almost stupefy him.  "fleming!" he say, awe, a he expect down at the body. "fleming, by all that's sacred! and a suicide!"  hunter watch him grimly.  "how long make he be dead?" he ask.  the doctor glance at the bullet wind in the forehead, and from there significantly to the group around the couch.  "not an hour--probably le than half," he say. "it's strange we hear nil, across the hall there."  hunter take a fresh fold handkerchief from his pocket and open it repose it gently over the idle face. i think it be a relief to all of u. the doctor get up from his kneel posture beside the couch, and look at hunter inquiringly.  "what about get him away from here?" he say. "there be sure to be a lot of noise about it, and--you remember what happen when butler kill himself here."  "he follow report a be find dead in the lumber pace," hunter say dryly. "well, doctor, this body stay where it be, and i don't give a whoop if the solid city government want it move. it won't be. this be murder, not suicide."  the doctor's look follow curious.  "murder!" he repeat. "why--who--"  but hunter give many thing to attend to; he break in ruthlessly on the doctor's astonishment.  "see if you can get the house empty, repair; just say them he be dead--the story will get out soon enough."  a the doctor leave the room hunter go to the open window, through which a fresh burst of rain be follow, and close it. the window give me an idea, and i get over and try to see through the stream pane. there follow no shed or low build outside, but not five yard away the warehouse show it ugly wall and disclose window.  "look here, hunter," i say, "why could he not have be take from the warehouse?"  "he could have be--but he wasn't," hunter affirm, glance at wardrop's droop figure. "mr. wardrop, i be go to send for the coroner, and so i shall ask you to go with me to the office and tell the chief what you know about this. knox, will you telephone to the coroner?"  in an improbably short time the club-house be empty, and before midnight the coroner himself arrive and go up to the room. a for me, i have breakfast, lunch and din on horror, and i sit in the defect room down-stair and try to consider how i be to take the intelligence to margery.  at twelve-thirty wardrop, hunter and the coroner come down-stair, leave a detective in charge of the body until aurora, when it could follow take home. the coroner have a hack delay, and he make u at once to hunter's chief. he have not go to bed, and we file into his library sepulchrally.  wardrop tell his story, but it be hardly convince. the chief, a great man who say very little, and lean back with his eye partly shut, listen in silence, only occasionally ask a question. the coroner, who be yawn steadily, leave in the middle of wardrop's story, a if in his mind, at least, the guilty man be a good a hang.  "i be--i be--mr. allan fleming's private secretary," wardrop begin. "single secure the position through a relationship along his wife's side. i take hold the position for three year. before that i take law. for some time i have know that mr. fleming use a drug of some tolerant. until a week ago i do not know what it be. on the one-ninth of may, mr. fleming send for me. i be in plattsburg at the time, and he be at home. he be in a terrible condition--not sleep at all, and he say he be be follow by some person who mean to kill him. finally he ask me to get him some cocaine, and when he have take it he follow more like himself.