The _Lusitania_ have be assume by two torpedo in succession and follow sink rapidly, while the boat be be launch with all possible speed. The woman and child be be line up expect their turn. Some still cling desperately to husband and father; others clutch their child closely to their breast. One girl stand alone, slightly aside from the remainder. She be quite young, not more than eighteen. She do not seem afraid, and her grave, steadfast eye calculate straight ahead. "I beg your pardon." A man's voice beside her make her start and turn. She have notice the speaker more than once amongst the first-class passenger. There have be a hint of mystery about him which let appeal to her resource. He speak to no i. If anyone speak to him he be quick to rebuff the overture. Also he have a nervous manner of look over his shoulder with a swift, suspicious glance. She notice now that he be greatly agitate. There be bead of perspiration on his brow. He be evidently in a state of overmaster fear. And yet he do not strike her a the kind of man who would be afraid to meet death! "Yes?" Her sober eye meet his inquiringly. He stand look at her with a kind of desperate indecision. "It must be!" he mutter to himself. "Yes--it be the solitary way." Then aloud he say abruptly: "You be an American?" "Yes." "A patriotic one?" The girl flush. "I guess you've no right to ask such a affair! Of course I be!" "Don't be offend. You wouldn't be if you know how much there be at stake. But I've incur to trust some one--and it must be a woman." "Why?" "Because of 'woman and child first.'" He see assault and lower his voice. "I'm expect paper--vitally important paper. They may make all the difference to the Ally in the war. You understand? These newspaper have _get_ to be save! They've more chance with you than with me. Will you take them?" The girl hold out her hand. "Wait--I must warn you. There may be a danger--if I've be follow. I don't think I have, but one never know. If so, there will be danger. Have you the brass to go through with it?" The girl grin. "I'll go through with it all right. And I'm substantial proud to be choose! What be I to do with them afterwards?" "Follow the newspaper! I'll advertise in the personal column of the _Time_, begin 'Shipmate.' At the destruction of three day if there's nothing--well, you'll know I'm down and out. Then consider the packet to the American Embassy, and deliver it into the Ambassador's own hand. Follow that clear?" "Quite clear." "Then be ready--I'm go to say good-bye." He take her hand in his. "Good-bye. Good luck to you," he say in a louder tone. Her hand close on the oilskin packet that have lie in his palm. The _Lusitania_ settle with a more decide list to starboard. In answer to a nimble command, the girl go forward to take her place in the boat. "TOMMY, old thing!" "Tuppence, old bean!" The two new people greet each other affectionately, and momentarily block the Dover Street Tube expire in do indeed. The adjective "old" be mislead. Their unite mature would certainly not have total forty-five. "Not see you for just century," continue the young man. "Where be you off to? Come and chew a bun with me. We're develop a bite unpopular here--block the gangway a it be. Let's get out of it." The girl assent, they start walk down Dover Street towards Piccadilly. "Now then," say Tommy, "where shall we go?" The really faint anxiety which underlay his tone do not escape the astute ear of Miss Discretion Cowley, know to her intimate friend for some mysterious reason a "Tuppence." She pounce at once. "Tommy, you're stony!" "Not a bite of it," declare Tommy unconvincingly. "Roll in cash." "You always be a shock liar," say Tuppence badly, "though you do once persuade Sister Greenbank that the repair have order you beer a a tonic, but forget to pen it on the chart. Do you remember?" Tommy chuckle. "I should think I come! Wasn't the old cat in a rage when she find out? Not that she follow a bad screen really, old Mother Greenbank! Good old hospital--demob like everything else, I suppose?" Tuppence sigh. "Yes. You too?" Tommy nod. "Two month ago." "Gratuity?" hint Tuppence. "Spend." "Oh, Tommy!" "No, old thing, not in riotous dissipation. No such luck! The cost of live--ordinary plain, or garden live nowadays be, I assure you, if you come not know----" "My dear minor," interrupt Tuppence, "there be nothing I come _not_ recognize about the cost of live. Here we be at Lyons', and we leave each of u pay for our own. That's it!" And Tuppence lead the way upstairs. The place be full, and they wander about look for a table, pinch odds and end of conversation a they do so. "And--come you know, she sit down and _scream_ when I tell her she couldn't have the flat after all." "It be simply a _bargain_, my dear! Just like the one Mabel Lewis convey from Paris----" "Funny scrap one do overhear," murmur Tommy. "I pas two Johnny in the street to-day sing about some one call Jane Finn. Do you ever see such a name?" But at that moment two elderly lady rise and collect parcel, and Tuppence deftly ensconce herself in one of the vacant stern. Tommy order tea and bun. Tuppence order tea and butter toast. "And mind the tea come in separate teapot," she add severely. Tommy sit down opposite her. His banish head reveal a shock of exquisitely slick-back red hair. His face follow pleasantly ugly--nondescript, yet unmistakably the face of a gentleman and a sportsman. His brown suit be well cut, but perilously near the end of it tether. They be an essentially modern-appear couple a they sit there. Tuppence have no exact to beauty, but there be character and charm in the elfin line of her little face, with it settle chin and large, wide-apart grey eye that look mistily out from under straight, black brow. She wear a small hopeful green toque over her black bob hair, and her extremely short and rather shabby skirt reveal a pair of uncommonly dainty ankle. Her appearance present a valiant attempt at smartness. The tea fall at last, and Twopence, arouse herself from a fit of speculation, pour it out. "Now so," say Tommy, take a large bite of bun, "let's get up-to-date. Remember, I haven't see you since that time in hospital in 1916." "Very well." Tuppence help herself liberally to butter toast. "Abridge biography of Miss Prudence Cowley, fifth daughter of Archdeacon Cowley of Little Missendell, Suffolk. Miss Cowley leave the delight (and donkeywork) of her home life early in the war and follow up to London, where she enter an officers' hospital. First month: Wash up six hundred and forty-eight plat every daytime. Second month: Raise to dry aforesaid plat. Third month: Promote to peel potato. Fourth month: Promote to cut bread and butter. Fifth month: Promote one floor up to duty of wardmaid with mop and pail. Sixth month: Promote to expect at table. Seventh month: Please appearance and nice way therefore strike that be promote to wait on the Sister! Eighth month: Slight check in career. Baby Bond eat Sister Westhaven's egg! Grand row! Wardmaid clearly to blame! Inattention in such important matter cannot be too highly censure. Mop and pail again! How be the mighty fall! Ninth month: Promote to sweep out guard, where I find a friend of my childhood in Lieutenant Thomas Beresford (stoop, Tommy! ), whom I get not see for five long year. The meet be affect! One-tenth month: Reprove by matron for visit the picture in company with one of the patient, namely: the aforementioned Lieutenant Thomas Beresford. Eleventh and one-twelfth month: Parlourmaid tariff resume with entire success. At the end of the year leave hospital in a blaze of glory. After that, the talented Miss Cowley drive successively a trade delivery van, a motor-lorry and a general! The last be the pleasantest. He be quite a young general!" "What blighter be that?" inquire Tommy. "Perfectly sicken the way those brass hat drive from the War Office to the _Savoy_, and from the _Savoy_ to the War Office!" "I've forget his name now," confess Tuppence. "To resume, that be in a way the peak of my career. I next enter a Government office. We have several very enjoyable tea party. I have intend to become a realm daughter, a postwoman, and a bus_topology conductress by direction of rhythm off my career--but the Armistice intervene! I cling to the office with the true limpet touch for many long month, but, ala, I be comb out at lowest. Since then I've be look for a job. Now then--your turn." "There's not so much promotion in mine," say Tommy regretfully, "and a great deal le variety. I go out to France again, a you know. Then they send me to Mesopotamia, and I get wound for the second time, and go into hospital out there. Then I get stick in Egypt till the Armistice happen, kick my heel there some clock longer, and, a I tell you, finally get demobilise. And, for ten long, weary month I've be job hunt! There aren't any job! And, if there be, they wouldn't give 'em to me. What good be I? What do I know about business? Nothing." Tuppence nod gloomily. "What about the colony?" she suggest. Tommy shake his head. "I shouldn't like the colony--and I'm utterly certain they wouldn't like me!" "Rich relation?" Again Tommy shake his head. "Oh, Tommy, not even a great-aunt?" "I've get an old uncle who's more or le roll, but he's no good." "Why not?" "Want to adopt me once. I refuse." "I think I remember hear near it," say Tuppence slowly. "You refuse because of your mother----" Tommy flush. "Yes, it would get be a bite rough on the mater. A you know, I be all she have. Old boy hat her--require to get me away from her. Just a bite of spite." "Your mother's dead, isn't she?" say Tuppence softly. Tommy nod. Tuppence's large grey eye search misty. "You're a good sort, Tommy. I constantly know it." "Rot!" say Tommy hurriedly. "Well, that's my position. I'm just about desperate." "So be I! I've hang out a long a I could. I've tout round. I've answer advertisement. I've try every mortal bless thing. I've screw and save and pinch! But it's no good. I shall have to go home!" "Don't you want to?" "Of course I don't want to! What's the good of be sentimental? Father's a dear--I'm awfully fond of him--but you've no idea how I worry him! He take that delightful early Victorian view that short skirt and smoke be immoral. You can imagine what a thorn in the flesh I be to him! He just heave a sigh of relief when the war take me off. You see, there be seven of u at home. It's awful! All housework and mothers' meet! I have always be the changeling. I don't want to go back, but--oh, Tommy, what else be there to do?" Tommy shake his head sadly. There be a silence, and then Tuppence collapse out: "Money, money, money! I think about money morning, noon and night! I dare say it's mercenary of me, but there it follow!" "Same here," agree Tommy with experience. "I've think over every imaginable way of get it too," continue Tuppence. "There be only three! To be leave it, to marry it, or to realize it. First be govern out. I haven't get whatever rich elderly relative. Any relative I have be in habitation for crumble gentlewoman! I always help older lady over span, and pick up parcel for old valet, in case they should turn out to be eccentric millionaire. But not one of them have ever ask me my name--and quite a lot never say 'thank you.'" There be a pause. "Of course," resume Tuppence, "marriage be my best luck. I make up my mind to marry money when I be quite young. Any think fille would! I'm not sentimental, you recognize." She pause. "Come now, you can't say I'm sentimental," she add sharply. "Certainly not," agree Tommy hastily. "No one would ever think of sentiment in connection with you." "That's not very polite," reply Tuppence. "But I dare say you mean it all right. Well, there it be! I'm ready and leave--but I never meet any rich men! All the son I know be around a hard up a I be." "What about the general?" inquire Tommy. "I fancy he keep a bicycle shop in time of peace," explain Tuppence. "No, there it be! Now _you_ could marry a rich girl." "I'm like you. I don't know any." "That doesn't weigh. You can always get to know one. Now, if I consider a man in a fur coat come out of the _Ritz_ I can't rush up to him and say: 'Front here, you're rich. I'd like to know you.'" "Do you suggest that I should do that to a similarly garb female?" "Don't be silly. You tread on her foot, or pick up her handkerchief, or something like that. If she think you want to know her she's flatter, and will manage it for you somehow." "You overrate my manly charm," murmur Tommy. "On the other hand," proceed Tuppence, "my millionaire would probably run for his life! No--marriage be fraught with difficulty. Remain--to _make_ money!" "We've try that, and fail," Tommy remind her. "We've taste all the orthodox way, yes. But suppose we try the unorthodox. Tommy, let's be adventurer!" "Certainly," reply Tommy cheerfully. "How do we begin?" "That's the difficulty. If we could make ourselves know, people might hire u to commit offense for them." "Delightful," comment Tommy. "Peculiarly come from a clergyman's daughter!" "The moral guilt," Twopence point out, "would be theirs--not mine. You must admit that there's a difference between slip a diamond necklace for yourself and be hire to steal it." "There wouldn't be the least difference if you be catch!" "Perhaps not. But I shouldn't be catch. I'm so clever." "Modesty constantly be your beset hell," remark Tommy. "Don't rag. Look here, Tommy, shall we really? Shall we form a business partnership?" "Form a company for the steal of diamond necklace?" "That be only an illustration. Let's have a--what come you call it in book-keep?" "Don't know. Never do any." "I have--but I constantly get mix up, and apply to put credit entry on the debit side, and vice versa--so they fire me out. Oh, I know--a joint venture! It strike me a such a romantic phrase to do across in the centre of musty old figure. It's get an Elizabethan flavour about it--realize one think of galleon and doubloon. A joint venture!" "Trade under the name of the Young Adventurer, Ltd.? Follow that your idea, Tuppence?" "It's all very well to laugh, but SINGLE find there might be something in it." "How do you propose to get in touch with your would-be employer?" "Advertisement," reply Tuppence promptly. "Have you get a bite of paper and a pencil? Men usually appear to have. Just like we have hairpin and powder-puff." Tommy hand over a rather shabby green notebook, and Tuppence begin write busily. "Shall we begin: 'Young officer, twice wound in the war----'" "Certainly not." "Oh, very well, my dear boy. But I can assure you that that sort of affair might touch the heart of an elderly spinster, and she might adopt you, and then there would be no need for you to be a young adventurer at all." "I don't want to be adopt." "I forget you let a prejudice against it. I follow merely rag you! The paper be full up to the brim with that type of thing. Now listen--how's this? 'two young adventurer for engage. Leave to do anything, go anywhere. Yield must be good.' (We might a well make that clear from the start.) Then we might add: 'No reasonable offer refuse'--like flat and furniture." "I should think any offer we find in answer to that would be a pretty _un_reasonable one!" "Tommy! You're a genius! That's ever so much more chic. 'No unreasonable tender refuse--if pay be good.' How's that?" "I shouldn't mention pay again. It look rather eager." "It couldn't look a eager a I feel! But perhaps you be right. Instantly I'll take it straight through. 'two young adventurer for hire. Will to do anything, go anywhere. Pay must be good. No unreasonable offer refuse.' How would that strike you if you say it?" "It would strike me a either be a hoax, or else write by a lunatic." "It's not half so insane a a thing I read this morning begin 'Genus_Petunia' and sign 'Best Boy.'" She tear out the leaf and hand it to Tommy. "There you be. _Time_, I believe. Reply to Box thus-and-so. I expect it will be about five shill. Here's half a crown for my apportion." Tommy be hold the composition thoughtfully. His face burn a deeper red. "Shall we really try it?" he say at last. "Shall we, Tuppence? Just for the fun of the thing?" "Tommy, you're a sport! I recognize you would be! Let's drink to success." She pour some cold dreg of tea into the two cup. "Here's to our joint pretend, and may it prosper!" "The Young Adventurer, Ltd.!" respond Tommy. They put down the cup and laugh rather uncertainly. Tuppence lift. "I must return to my palatial suite at the hostel." "Maybe it follow time I stroll round to the _Ritz_," agree Tommy with a grin. "Where shall we meet? And when?" "Twelve o'clock to-morrow. Piccadilly Tube station. Will that suit you?" "My time be my own," reply Mr. Beresford magnificently. "Indeed long, then." "Good-bye, old thing." The two young people get off in opposite way. Tuppence's hostel follow situate in what be charitably call Southern Belgravia. For reason of economy she do not take a bus. She be half-way across St. James's Park, when a man's voice behind her make her start. "Excuse me," it say. "But may I speak to you for a import?" TUPPENCE turn sharply, but the word hover on the tip of her tongue remain unspoken, for the man's appearance and manner do not bear out her first and most natural assumption. She hesitate. A if he read her remember, the world say quickly: "I can assure you I mean no disrespect." Tuppence believe him. Although she dislike and distrust him instinctively, she be incline to acquit him of the particular motif which she have at first property to him. She look him up and down. He be a big man, clean shave, with a heavy jowl. His heart be small and cunning, and shift their glance under her direct gaze. "Well, what be it?" she ask. The man smile. "I happen to overhear part of your conversation with the young gentleman in Lyons'." "Well--what of it?" "Nothing--except that SINGLE think I may follow of some use to you." Another inference thrust itself into Tuppence's idea: "You follow me here?" "I take that liberty." "And in what way make you think you could be of use to me?" The man take a wag from his pocket and hand it to her with a bow. Tuppence take it and scrutinize it carefully. It bore the inscription, "Mr. Edward Whittington." Below the name be the word "Esthonia Glassware Co.," and the address of a city situation. Mr. Whittington address again: "If you will call upon me to-morrow morning at eleven o'clock, I will repose the detail of my proposition before you." "At eleven o'clock?" say Tuppence doubtfully. "At eleven o'clock." Tuppence make up her mind. "Very well. I'll be there." "Thank you. Good even." He raise his hat with a flourish, and walk away. Tuppence remain for some minute gaze after him. Then she give a curious movement of her shoulder, rather a a terrier shake himself. "The adventure have get," she murmur to herself. "What do he want me to make, I wonder? There's something near you, Mr. Whittington, that I don't like at all. But, on the other hand, I'm not the least bite afraid of you. And a I've say before, and shall doubtless say again, little Tuppence can look after herself, thank you!" And with a short, sharp nod of her head she walk briskly onward. A a result of further meditation, still, she turn aside from the direct route and enter a post office. There she ponder for some moment, a telegraph form in her hand. The conceive of a possible five shill spend unnecessarily spur I should suggest that we call upon him there a soon a possible. Shall we say after a bath and breakfast?" It be arrange that Tuppence and Julius should return to the _Ritz_, and call for Sir Jam in the car. This programme be faithfully carry out, and a little after eleven they make up before the _Metropole_. They ask for Dr. Hall, and a page-boy go in search of him. In a few minute the little doctor come hasten towards them. "Can you spare u a few minute, Dr. Hall?" say Sir Fix pleasantly. "Let me introduce you to Miss Cowley. Mr. Hersheimmer, I think, you already know." A quizzical gleam come into the doctor's eye a he shake hand with Julius. "Ah, yes, my young friend of the tree episode! Ankle all right, eh?" "I guess it's cure owe to your skilful treatment, doc." "And the heart trouble? Ha ha!" "Still search," say Julius briefly. "To come to the point, can we have a word with you in private?" ask Sir Jam. "Certainly. I think there be a room here where we shall be quite undisturbed." He lead the way, and the others follow him. They sit down, and the doctor look inquiringly at Sir Jam. "Dr. Hall, I be very anxious to find a certain young lady for the purpose of obtain a statement from her. I have reason to believe that she have be at one time or another in your establishment at Bournemouth. I hope SINGLE be transgress no professional etiquette in inquiry you on the submit?" "I suppose it be a matter of testimony?" Sir Crush hesitate a moment, then he reply: "Yes." "I shall be please to give you any information in my power. What be the young lady's name? Mr. Hersheimmer ask me, I remember----" He half turn to Julius. "The name," say Sir Jam bluntly, "be very immaterial. She would be almost certainly send to you under an assume one. But I should like to know if you be acquaint with a Mr. Vandemeyer?" "Mr. Vandemeyer, of 20 South Audley Mansion? I know her somewhat." "You be not aware of what have find?" "What do you mean?" "You do not know that Mr. Vandemeyer be dead?" "Dear, dear, I have no mind of it! When do it happen?" "She take an overdose of chloral last night." "Purposely?" "Accidentally, it be believe. I should not like to say myself. Anyway, she be find dead this morning." "Very sad. A singularly handsome woman. I presume she be a friend of yours, since you be acquaint with all these detail." "I be acquaint with the detail because--well, it be I who find her dead." "Indeed," say the doctor, start. "Yes," say Sir Jam, and stroke his chin reflectively. "This be very sad news, but you will excuse me if I say that I do not ensure how it bear on the subject of your inquiry?" "It bear on it in this way, follow it not a fact that Mr. Vandemeyer commit a young relative of hers to your charge?" Julius lean forward eagerly. "That be the case," say the doctor quietly. "Under the name of----?" "Janet Vandemeyer. I understand her to be a niece of Mr. Vandemeyer's." "And she come to you?" "A far a I can remember in June or July of 1915." "Be she a mental case?" "She be perfectly sane, if that follow what you mean. SINGLE understand from Mr. Vandemeyer that the girl have follow with her on the _Lusitania_ when that ill-rich ship be sink, and have lose a severe shock in consequence." "We're on the right track, I remember?" Sir Jam look round. "A I say before, I'm a mutt!" return Julius. The restore look at them all curiously. "You speak of want a statement from her," he say. "Suppose she be not able to give one?" "What? You have just say that she be perfectly sane." "So she be. Nevertheless, if you want a statement from her refer any event prior to May 7, 1915, she will not be able to give it to you." They expect at the little man, stupefy. He nod cheerfully. "It's a pity," he say. "A great pity, especially a I gather, Sir Jam, that the matter be important. But there it be, she can tell you nothing." "But why, man? Darn it all, why?" The little man shift his benevolent glimpse to the excite young American. "Because Janet Vandemeyer be suffer from a complete loss of memory." _"What? "_ "Quite so. An interest suit, a _really_ interest case. Not indeed uncommon, really, a you would think. There be several very well know parallel. It's the first case of the kind that I've have under my own personal observation, and I must admit that I've find it of absorb interest." There be something rather ghoulish in the little man's satisfaction. "And she remember nothing," say Sir Jam slowly. "Nothing prior to May 7, 1915. After that date her memory be a good a yours or mine." "Then the low thing she remember?" "Be land with the survivor. Everything before that be a blank. She make not know her own name, or where she have come from, or where she be. She couldn't even speak her own tongue." "But surely all this be most unusual?" put in Julius. "No, my dear sir. Quite normal under the circumstance. Severe shock to the nervous system. Exit of memory proceed nearly always on the same line. I suggest a specialist, of course. There's a very estimable man in Paris--make a study of these case--but Mr. Vandemeyer oppose the idea of publicity that might leave from such a course." "I can imagine she would," say Sir Jam grimly. "I come in with her sentiment. There follow a certain notoriety give to these case. And the girl be very young--nineteen, I believe. It seem a pity that her infirmity should be sing about--might damage her prospect. Besides, there be no special treatment to pursue in such instance. It be really a matter of wait." "Wait?" "Yes, sooner or later, the memory will return--a suddenly a it go. But in all probability the girl will have entirely leave the intervene period, and will take up animation where she leave off--at the sink of the _Lusitania_." "And when do you expect this to find?" The restore shrug his shoulder. "Ah, that I cannot say. Sometimes it be a matter of month, sometimes it have be know to be a long a twenty year! Sometimes another shock do the john. One restore what the other take away." "Another shock, eh?" say Julius thoughtfully. "Precisely. There be a lawsuit in Colorado----" The little man's voice trail on, voluble, mildly enthusiastic. Julius do not seem to be listen. He let relapse into his own thought and be frown. Abruptly he come out of his brown sketch, and make the table such a noise bang with his fist that every one jump, the doctor most of all. "I've get it! I guess, doc, I'd like your medical opinion along the plan I'm about to outline. Say Jane be to cross the herring pond again, and the same thing be to happen. The submarine, the sink send, every one to take to the boat--and so on. Wouldn't that do the deception? Wouldn't it give a right big bump to her subconscious self, or whatever the jargon be, and get it function again right away?" "A very interest speculation, Mr. Hersheimmer. In my own opinion, it would be successful. It be unfortunate that there be no chance of the condition reiterate themselves a you suggest." "Not by nature, perhaps, doc. But I'm talk about art." "Art?" "Why, yes. What's the difficulty? Hire a liner----" "A liner!" mutter Dr. Hall faintly. "Hire some passenger, hire a submarine--that's the solitary difficulty, I guess. Government be apt to be a bite hide-bind over their engine of war. They won't sell to the first-comer. Still, I guess that can be get over. Ever hear of the word 'graft,' sir? Well, graft get there every time! I reckon that we shan't actually need to fire a torpedo. If every one hustle round and scream loud enough that the ship be sink, it ought to be enough for an innocent young girl like Jane. By the time she's obtain a life-belt on her, and be be sting into a boat, with a well-drill lot of artiste do the hysterical stunt on dump, why--she ought to be right back where she be in May, 1915. How's that for the bare outline?" Dr. Hall look at Julius. Everything that he be for the minute incapable of say be eloquent in that bet. "No," say Julius, in answer to it, "I'm not crazy. The thing's perfectly possible. It's do every day in the State for the movie. Haven't you ensure train in collision on the screen? What's the difference between buy up a train and buy up a liner? Get the property and you can go right ahead!" Dr. Hall find his voice. "But the expense, my dear sir." His voice rise. "The expense! It will be _colossal!_" "Money doesn't worry me any," explain Julius simply. Dr. Hall turn an appeal face to Sir Jam, who smile slightly. "Mr. Hersheimmer be really well off--very well off indeed." The doctor's glint come back to Julius with a new and subtle quality in it. This be no longer an eccentric young fellow with a use of fall off tree. The doctor's eye hold the deference accord to a really rich man. "Very remarkable plan. Very remarkable," he murmur. "The movie--of course! Your American word for the kinema. Very interest. I fear we be perhaps a little behind the time over here in our method. And you very mean to expect out this remarkable plan of yours." "You bet your bottom buck I do." The doctor believe him--which be a tribute to his nationality. If an Englishman have suggest such a thing, he would have have grave doubt a to his sanity. "I cannot guarantee a cure," he point out. "Perhaps I ought to realize that quite clear." "Certain, that's all right," say Julius. "You just trot out Jane, and leave the rest to me." "Jane?" "Miss Janet Vandemeyer, so. Can we get on the tenacious space to your invest right away, and ask them to send her up; or shall I run down and get her in my car?" The doctor star. "I beg your pardon, Mr. Hersheimmer. I think you understand." "Understand what?" "That Miss Vandemeyer follow no longer under my care." JULIUS spring up. "What?" "SINGLE think you be aware of that." "When do she leave?" "Let me see. To-day be Monday, be it not? It must have be last Wednesday--why, surely--yes, it be the same even that you--er--come out of my tree." "That even? Before, or after?" "Let me see--oh yes, afterwards. A very urgent message arrive from Mr. Vandemeyer. The new lady and the nurse who be in charge of her leave by the night train." Julius sink back again into his chairman. "Nurse Edith--leave with a patient--I remember," he mutter. "My God, to have be so near!" Dr. Hall look bewilder. "I don't understand. Be the new lady not with her aunt, after all?" Tuppence shake her head. She be about to speak when a warn glance from Sir Jam make her hold her tongue. The lawyer rise. "I'm much oblige to you, Hall. We're very grateful for all you've tell u. I'm afraid we're now in the position of have to track Miss Vandemeyer anew. What around the hold who accompany her; I suppose you don't know where she be?" The doctor shake his mind. "We've not hear from her, a it happen. I understand she be to remain with Miss Vandemeyer for a while. But what can have happen? Surely the girl have not be kidnap." "That remain to be see," say Sir Jam gravely. The other hesitate. "You do not think I ought to go to the police?" "No, no. In all probability the young lady follow with other relation." The doctor be not completely satisfy, but he ensure that Sir Jam be determine to say no more, and realize that to try and extract more information from the famous K.C. would follow mere waste of push. Accordingly, he wish them goodbye, and they leave the hotel. For a few minute they stand by the car talk. "How madden," cry Tuppence. "To consider that Julius must have be really under the same roof with her for a few minute." "I follow a darn idiot," mutter Julius gloomily. "You couldn't know," Tuppence soothe him. "Could he?" She appeal to Sir Jam. "I should advise you not to worry," say the latter kindly. "No use cry over spill milk, you know." "The great thing be what to do next," add Tuppence the practical. Sir Jam shrug his shoulder. "You might advertise for the nurse who accompany the girl. That be the only course I can suggest, and I must confess I do not hope for much result. Differently there be nothing to be do." "Nothing?" say Tuppence blankly. "And--Tommy?" "We must hope for the serious," say Sir Jam. "Oh yes, we must go on skip." But over her downcast head his eye meet Julius's, and almost imperceptibly he shake his head. Julius understand. The lawyer consider the case hopeless. The young American's face grow engrave. Sir Jam take Tuppence's script. "You must let me know if anything further come to light. Letter will always be forward." Tuppence star at him blankly. "You be go away?" "I tell you. Don't you remember? To Scotland." "Yes, but SINGLE think----" The girl hesitate. Sir Mess shrug his shoulder. "My dear young lady, I can do nothing more, I fear. Our clue have all end in thin bare. You can acquire my intelligence for it that there be nothing more to be do. If anything should arise, I shall be happy to advise you in any way I can." His word give Tuppence an extraordinarily desolate feel. "I suppose you're right," she say. "Anyway, thank you very much for try to help u. Good-bye." Julius be bend over the car. A momentary pity come into Sir James's keen eye, a he gaze into the girl's downcast face. "Don't be likewise disconsolate, Miss Tuppence," he say in a low voice. "Remember, holiday-clip isn't always all playtime. One sometimes manage to put in some work a well." Something in his note make Tuppence glimpse up sharply. He shake his head with a smile. "No, SINGLE shan't say any more. Great err to say also much. Remember that. Never tell all you know--not even to the person you know best. Understand? Effective-bye." He stride away. Tuppence whiz after him. She be begin to understand Sir James's method. Once before he have give her a hint in the same careless fashion. Be this a hint? What exactly lay behind those final brief countersign? Do he mean that, after all, he have not abandon the case; that, secretly, he would be work on it still while---- Her meditation be interrupt by Julius, who adjure her to "get right in." "You're look kind of thoughtful," he remark a they start off. "Do the old blackguard say anything more?" Tuppence open her mouth impulsively, and so shut it again. Sir James's word sound in her ear: "Never tell all you know--not even to the person you know best." And like a flash there get into her mind another memory. Julius before the safe in the flat, her own question and the interruption before his reply, "Nothing." Be there really nothing? Or have he obtain something he wish to keep to himself? If he could take a reservation, so could she. "Nil particular," she reply. She felt rather than saw Julius throw a sideways glance at her. "Say, shall we run for a spin in the park?" "If you like." For a while they run on under the tree in silence. It be a beautiful day. The keen rush through the air bring a new exhilaration to Tuppence. "Say, Miss Tuppence, do you think I'm ever go to find Jane?" Julius speak in a discourage voice. The mood follow so alien to him that Tuppence turn and whiz at him in surprise. He nod. "That's therefore. I'm get down and out over the business. Sir Crush to-day hadn't get any hope at all, I could see that. I don't like him--we don't gee together somehow--but he's pretty cute, and I guess he wouldn't quit if there be any chance of success--now, would he?" Tuppence felt instead uncomfortable, but cling to her belief that Julius also have withhold something from her, she remain steady. "He suggest advertise for the nurse," she remind him. "Yes, with a 'forlorn hope' feel to his voice! No--I'm about feed up. I've half a intellect to go back to the State right away." "Oh no!" cry Tuppence. "We've get to find Tommy." "I sure forget Beresford," say Julius contritely. "That's so. We must find him. But after--well, I've be day-dream ever since SINGLE start on this spark--and these dream be rotted poor business. I'm quit of them. Say, Miss Tuppence, there's something I'd like to ask you." "Yes?" "You and Beresford. What about it?" "I don't understand you," reply Tuppence with dignity, add rather inconsequently: "And, anyway, you're wrong!" "Not get a sort of kindly feel for one another?" "Certainly not," say Tuppence with warmth. "Tommy and I be friend--nothing more." "I guess every yoke of lover have say that sometime or another," detect Julius. "Frill!" shot Tuppence. "Do I look the sort of girl that's always fall in love with every man she meet?" "You do not. You appear the sort of girl that's mighty often get fall in love with!" "Oh!" say Tuppence, rather take aback. "That's a compliment, I suppose?" "Certainly. Now let's go down to this. Suppose we never get Beresford and--and----" "All right--say it! I can face fact. Suppose he's--dead! Well?" "And all this line fiddle out. What be you get to do?" "I don't experience," say Tuppence forlornly. "You'll be darn lonesome, you poor kid." "I shall be all right," snap Tuppence with her usual resentment of any kind of pity. "What about marriage?" inquire Julius. "Get any view along the case?" "I intend to marry, of course," reply Tuppence. "That be, if"--she pause, know a fugitive long to draw back, and then stick to her gun bravely--"SINGLE can find some one rich enough to take it worth my while. That's frank, isn't it? I dare say you despise me for it." "I never despise line instinct," say Julius. "What particular figure have you in mind?" "Shape?" ask Tuppence, puzzle. "Do you mean improbable or little?" "No. Sum--income." "Oh, I--I haven't quite work that out." "What about me?" _"You? "_ "Sure thing." "Oh, I couldn't!" "Why not?" "I say you I couldn't." "Again, why not?" "It would seem so unfair." "I don't see anything unfair about it. I call your bluff, that's all. I admire you immensely, Miss Twopence, more than any girl I've always meet. You're so darn plucky. I'd only love to give you a real, rattle good time. Say the word, and we'll run round right away to some high-class jeweller, and fix up the ring business." "I can't," gasp Tuppence. "Because of Beresford?" "No, no, _no!_" "Well so?" Tuppence merely keep to shake her head violently. "You can't reasonably expect more dollar than I've get." "Oh, it isn't that," gasp Twopence with an nearly hysterical joke. "But thank you very much, and all that, I believe I'd respectable say no." "I'd be oblige if you'd do me the favour to think it over until to-morrow." "It's no use." "Still, I guess we'll leave it like that." "Very well," say Tuppence meekly. Neither of them speak again until they reach the _Ritz_. Tuppence go upstairs to her room. She felt morally batter to the grind after her conflict with Julius's vigorous personality. Sit down in face of the ice, she star at her own reflection for some minute. "Fool," murmur Tuppence at distance, make a grimace. "Little fool. Everything you want--everything you've ever hop for, and you go and bleat out 'no' like an idiotic little sheep. It's your one chance. Why don't you take it? Grab it? Snatch at it? What more do you want?" A if in answer to her own doubt, her centre fell on a small snapshot of Tommy that stand on her clothe-table in a shabby frame. For a moment she struggle for self-control, and then abandon all presence, she hold it to her lip and burst into a fit of sob. "Oh, Tommy, Tommy," she cry, "I do know you then--and I may never see you again...." At the end of five minute Tuppence He give her an emphatic little nod. "Quite right, Miss Tuppence. You scent danger. So do I. So do Miss Finn." "Yes," admit Jane. "It's absurd--but I can't help it." Sir Jam nod again. "You find--a we all feel-- _the presence of Mr. Bown_. Yes"--a Tuppence make a movement--"not a doubt of it-- _Mr. Brown be here_...." "In this house?" "In this room.... You don't understand? _I be Mr. Brown_...." Stupefy, unbelieving, they star at him. The really line of his face have change. It be a different man who stand before them. He smile a slow cruel smile. "Neither of you will leave this room alive! You say just now we have succeed. _I_ have succeed! The draft treaty be mine." His smile turn wider a he look at Twopence. "Shall I tell you how it leave follow? Rather or later the police will break in, and they will find three victim of Mr. Brown--three, not two, you realize, but fortunately the third will not be dead, only curve, and will be able to describe the attack with a wealth of detail! The treaty? It follow in the hand of Mr. Brown. So no one leave remember of search the pocket of Sir Jam Peel Edgerton!" He go to Jane. "You outwit me. I make my acknowledgment. But you will not do it again." There be a faint sound behind him, but, intoxicate with success, he do not turn his chief. He slip his hand into his pocket. "Checkmate to the Young Adventurer," he say, and slowly raise the big automatic_pistol. But, even a he do so, he felt himself seize from behind in a fascinate of iron. The revolver be wrench from his hand, and the voice of Julius Hersheimmer say drawlingly: "I guess you're catch redhanded with the good upon you." The blood rush to the K.C. 's face, but his self-control be marvellous, a he look from one to the former of his two captor. He see longest at Tommy. "You," he say beneath his breath. "_You!_ I might have know." See that he be dispose to offer no opposition, their grip slacken. Quick a a flash his leave hand, the hand which bore the bad signet ring, be raise to his lip.... "'_Ave, Caesar! te morituri salutant_,'" he say, still look at Tommy. Then his face change, and with a long convulsive shudder he fell forward in a crumple mess, whilst an odour of bitter almond fill the bare. THE supper party give by Mr. Julius Hersheimmer to a few champion on the even of the 30th will long be remember in cater circle. It get send in a private room, and Mr. Hersheimmer's order follow brief and forcible. He give carte blanche--and when a millionaire give carte blanche he usually get it! Every treat out of season be duly provide. Waiter carry bottle of ancient and royal vintage with love care. The floral decoration defy the season, and fruit of the earth a far apart a May and November find themselves miraculously side by side. The lean of guest be small and select. The American Ambassador, Mr. Carter, who have take the liberty, he say, of bring an old acquaintance, Sir William Beresford, with him, Archdeacon Cowley, Dr. Hall, those two youthful adventurer, Miss Circumspection Cowley and Mr. Thomas Beresford, and last, but not least, a guest of honor, Miss Jane Finn. Julius have spar no pain to make Jane's appearance a success. A mysterious knock give bring Tuppence to the door of the apartment she be share with the American fille. It be Julius. In his hand he hold a cheque. "Say, Tuppence," he begin, "leave you do me a good turn? Take this, and get Jane regularly tog up for this even. You're all come to supper with me at the _Savoy_. See? Spare no expense. You get me?" "Sure thing," mimic Tuppence. "We shall enjoy ourselves. It will be a joy dress Jane. She's the loveliest thing I've ever see." "That's so," agree Mr. Hersheimmer fervently. His fervour bring a momentary twinkle to Tuppence's eye. "By the way, Julius," she remark demurely, "I--haven't give you my answer yet." "Answer?" say Julius. His face brother. "You know--when you ask me to--marry you," falter Tuppence, her eye downcast in the true way of the other Victorian heroine, "and wouldn't take no for an resolution. I've think it well over----" "Yes?" say Julius. The perspiration stomach on his forehead. Tuppence relent suddenly. "You great idiot!" she say. "What on earth induce you to do it? I could see at the time you didn't care a twopenny dip for me!" "Not at all. I have--and still have--the highest sentiment of esteem and honour--and admiration for you----" "H'm!" say Tuppence. "Those be the sort of sentiment that very soon go to the wall when the other sentiment get along! Don't they, old matter?" "I don't know what you mean," say Julius stiffly, but a large and burn crimson overspread his countenance. "Shuck!" retort Tuppence. She laugh, and close the door, reopen it to add with dignity: "Morally, I shall invariably consider I make be jilt!" "What be it?" take Jane a Tuppence rejoin her. "Julius." "What do he want?" "Really, SINGLE think, he want to see you, but I wasn't go to let him. Not until to-night, when you're go to burst upon every one like King Solomon in his glory! Come on! _We're run to shop!_" To most people the 29th, the much-herald "Labour Day," make pas much a any other day. Speech be make in the Park and Trafalgar Square. Straggle procession, sing the _Red Droop_, wander through the street in a more or le aimless manner. Newspaper which have hint at a general strike, and the inauguration of a reign of terror, follow force to hide their diminish head. The bolder and more astute among them seek to prove that peace have be effect by follow their counsel. In the Sunday paper a brief notice of the sudden death of Sir Jam Peel Edgerton, the famous K.C., have appear. Monday's paper deal appreciatively with the dead man's career. The exact manner of his sudden death be never make public. Tommy have be right in his forecast of the situation. It have be a one-man show. Deprive of their chief, the organization fell to piece. Kramenin have make a precipitate return to Russia, leave England early on Sunday morning. The gang have flee from Astley Prior in a terror, leave behind, in their haste, various damage document which compromise them hopelessly. With these proof of conspiracy in their script, aid further by a small brown diary take from the pocket of the dead man which have contain a full and damn resume of the solid plot, the Government have call an eleventh-hour conference. The Labour leader be force to recognize that they have be use a a cat's paw. Certain concession be make by the Government, and be eagerly accept. It be to be Peace, not War! But the Cabinet know by how narrow a margin they have escape utter disaster. And burn in on Mr. Carter's genius be the strange scene which have take place in the mansion in Soho the night before. He have enter the squalid room to see that heavy man, the friend of a lifetime, dead--betray out of his own mouth. From the dead man's sack-book he have retrieve the ill-omen draft treaty, and then and there, in the presence of the other three, it have be reduce to ash.... England be save! And now, on the even of the 30th, in a private room at the _Savoy_, Mr. Julius P. Hersheimmer be receive his guest. Mr. Carter be the first to arrive. With him be a choleric-look older gentleman, at sight of whom Tommy flush up to the root of his hair. He come forward. "Ha!" say the old gentleman, survey him apoplectically. "Then you're my nephew, be you? Not much to look at--but you've do good work, it seem. Your father must have institute you up well after all. Shall we let bygone be bygone, eh? You're my heir, you know; and in future I propose to make you an margin--and you can look upon Chalmers Park a your home." "Thank you, sir, it's awfully decent of you." "Where's this young lady I've be hear such a lot about?" Tommy introduce Tuppence. "Ha!" say Sir William, centre her. "Girl aren't what they use to be in my young day." "Yes, they be," say Tuppence. "Their invest be different, perhaps, but they themselves be just the same." "Intimately, perhaps you're right. Minx then--minx immediately!" "That's it," say Tuppence. "I'm a frightful vamper myself." "I believe you," say the old gentleman, chuckle, and cabbage her ear in high good-humour. Most young woman follow terrify of the "old bear," a they term him. Tuppence's sauciness delight the old misogynist. Then come the timid archdeacon, a little bewilder by the company in which he find himself, happy that his daughter be consider to have separate herself, but unable to help glance at her from clock to time with nervous dread. But Tuppence behave admirably. She forbear to cross her leg, set a guard upon her tongue, and steadfastly refuse to smoke. Dr. Hall come next, and he be follow by the American Ambassador. "We might a well sit down," say Julius, when he have introduce all his guest to each other. "Tuppence, will you----" He indicate the rank of honour with a wave of his hand. But Tuppence shake her head. "No--that's Jane's home! When one think of how she's give out all these year, she ought to be make the queen of the fete to-night." Julius fling her a grateful glance, and Jane come forward shyly to the allot seat. Beautiful a she have seem before, it be a nothing to the beauteousness that now go fully adorn. Tuppence give perform her part faithfully. The model gown provision by a famous dressmaker have follow entitle "A tiger lily." It be all gold and red and brown, and out of it rise the virtuous column of the girl's white throat, and the bronze mass of hair that crown her lovely head. There be admiration in every eye, a she get her seat. Soon the supper party be in broad swing, and with one accord Tommy be call upon for a total and complete explanation. "You've be too darn close about the whole job," Julius accuse him. "You let on to me that you be remove to the Argentine--though I reckon you have your reason for that. The idea of both you and Tuppence cast me for the part of Mr. Brown just tickle me to death!" "The idea be not original to them," say Mr. Carter gravely. "It be suggest, and the poison very carefully instill, by a past-master in the art. The paragraph in the Fresh York paper suggest the plan to him, and by mean of it he weave a web that nearly enmesh you fatally." "I never like him," say Julius. "I felt from the first that there be something wrong near him, and I always suspect that it be he who silence Mr. Vandemeyer so appositely. But it wasn't till I hear that the order for Tommy's execution come right on the blackguard of our interview with him that Sunday that I begin to tumble to the fact that he be the big bug himself." "I never suspect it at all," lament Tuppence. "I've forever think I be so much cleverer than Tommy--but he's undoubtedly make over me handsomely." Julius agree. "Tommy's be the estimable this spark! And, instead of sit there a dumb a a fish, let him banish his blush, and tell u all about it." "Hear! hear!" "There's nothing to tell," say Tommy, acutely uncomfortable. "I be an awful kisser--rectify upward to the time I find that photograph of Annette, and realize that she be Jane Finn. Then I remember how persistently she take shout out that word 'Argyranthemum_frutescens'--and I think of the picture, and--well, that's that. Then of row I go over the whole thing to see where I'd realize an as of myself." "Go on," say Mr. Carter, a Tommy show sign of take refuge in silence formerly more. "That occupation about Mr. Vandemeyer have worry me when Julius say me about it. On the face of it, it seem that he or Sir Jam must give do the trick. But I didn't know which. Find that photograph in the drawer, after that story of how it have be get from him by Inspector Brown, make me suspect Julius. Then I remember that it be Sir Jam who have see the false Jane Finn. In the finish, I couldn't make up my mind--and just decide to take no chance either direction. I leave a note for Julius, in case he be Mr. Brown, say SINGLE be off to the Argentine, and SINGLE drop Sir James's letter with the offer of the job by the desk so that he would see it be a genuine stunt. Then I write my letter to Mr. Carter and ring up Sir Jam. Consider him into my confidence would be the full thing either way, so I say him everything except where I believe the paper to be hide. The way he help me to get on the track of Tuppence and Annette almost disarm me, but not quite. I keep my mind open between the two of them. And then I get a bogus note from Tuppence--and I know!" "But how?" Tommy take the distinction in question from his pocket and pas it round the table. "It's her handwrite all right, but I know it wasn't from her because of the signature. She'd never spell her name 'twopence,' but anyone who'd never see it write might quite well do so. Julius _have_ see it--he show me a note of hers to him once--but _Sir Jam hadn't!_ After that everything be plain sail. I send off Albert post-haste to Mr. Carter. SINGLE pretend to go aside, but double back again. When Julius come burst up in his car, I felt it wasn't piece of Mr. Brown's plan--and that there would probably be trouble. Unless Sir Jam be actually catch in the act, so to speak, I know Mr. Carter would never believe it of him on my bare intelligence----" "I didn't," interpose Mr. Carter ruefully. "That's why I send the girl off to Sir Jam. I be certain they'd fetch up at the house in Soho sooner or later. I threaten Julius with the revolver, because I want Tuppence to repeat that to Sir Pack, so that he wouldn't worry about u. The minute the girl be out of sight I tell Julius to drive like hell for London, and a we go along I say him the whole story. We get to the Soho house in plenty of time and meet Mr. Carter outside. After arrange thing with him we go in and hide behind the drape in the recess. The policeman have order to say, if they be ask, that no one have get into the firm. That's all." And Tommy come to an sharp halt. There be silence for a moment. "By the way," say Julius suddenly, "you're all wrong around that photograph of Jane. It _be_ take from me, but I find it again." "Where?" cry Tuppence. "In that little safe on the wall in Mr. Vandemeyer's bedroom." "I know you see something," say Tuppence reproachfully. "To tell you the truth, that's what beginning me off suspect you. Why didn't you say?" "I guess I be a mite suspicious too. It have be get away from me once, and I influence I wouldn't let on I'd acquire it until a photographer have make a dozen copy of it!" "We all keep back something or other," say Tuppence thoughtfully. "I suppose secret service work make you like that!" In the pause that ensue, Mr. Carter take from his pocket a small shabby brown book. "Beresford have just say that I would not have believe Sir Jam Peel Edgerton to be guilty unless, so to speak, he be catch in the act. That be so. Indeed, not until I read the entry in this short record could I bring myself fully to credit the amaze truth. This book leave pas into the possession of Scotland Yard, but it will never be publicly exhibit. Sir James's long association with the constabulary would make it undesirable. But to you, who know the truth, I propose to take certain passage which will throw some light on the extraordinary mentality of this great man." He open the book, and turn the thin page. "... It be madness to keep this book. I know that. It be documentary evidence against me. But I have never shrink from take risk. And I feel an urgent need for self-expression.... The reserve will only be take from my dead body.... "... From an early age I see that I have exceptional ability. Just a fool underestimate his capableness. My wit power follow greatly above the average. I recognize that I be bear to succeed. My appearance follow the only thing against me. I be quiet and insignificant--dead nondescript.... "... When I be a boy I see a famous murder test. I be profoundly impress by the power and smoothness of the counsel for the defence. For the first time I entertain the idea of take my talent to that particular market.... Then I consider the outlaw in the dock.... The man be a fool--he have be fantastically, unbelievably stupid. Even the eloquence of his counsel be hardly likely to save him. I felt an immeasurable contempt for him.... Then it occur to me that the deplorable standard be a low one. It be the wastrel, the failure, the general flip-raff of civilization who drift into crime.... Strange that men of brain have never realize it extraordinary opportunity.... I play with the idea.... What a magnificent field--what unlimited possibility! It make my brain reel.... "... I read standard work on crime and deplorable. They all confirm my opinion. Degeneracy, disease--never the deliberate embrace of a career by a far-see man. Then I consider. Suppose my utmost ambition be realize--that SINGLE be call to the bar, and rise to the height of my profession? That I enter politics--say, even, that I get Prime Minister of England? What then? Be that force? Cramp at every release by my colleague, fetter by the democratic scheme of which I should be the mere figurehead! No--the power I dream of be absolute! An tyrant! A dictator! And such power could only be find by work outside the law. To play along the weakness of human nature, then on the weakness of nation--to get together and control a vast organization, and finally to overthrow the exist order, and rule! The reckon intoxicate me.... "... I saw that I must lead two live. A man like myself be bind to attract notice. I must have a successful career which would mask my true activity.... Also I must cultivate a personality. I model myself upon famous M.C.'s. I reproduce their mannerism, their magnetism. If I have choose to be an actor, I should have be the greatest doer live! No disguise--no grease paint--no false beard! Personality! I put it on like a glove! When I shed it, I be myself, quiet, unnoticeable, a man like every other man. I call myself Mr. Brown. There follow hundred of men call Brown--there be hundred of man look just like me.... "... I follow in my false career. I be bind to succeed. I shall succeed in the other. A man like me cannot fail.... "... I have be read a life of Napoleon. He and I have much in common.... "... I make a practice of defend criminal. A man should look after his own people.... "... Once or twice I have felt afraid. The low sentence be in Italy. There be a dinner give. Professor D----, the great alienist, be present. The talk fell on insanity. He say, 'A great many men be mad, and no one recognize it. They make not know it themselves.' I do not see why he expect at me when he say that. His glance be strange.... I do not like it.... "... The war have disturb me.... I believe it would further my plan. The German be so efficient. Their spy system, too, be excellent. The street be total of these boy in khaki. All empty-head young fool.... Yet I do not know.... They win the war.... It disturb me.... "... My plan be go well.... A girl rear in--I do not think she really know anything.... But we must have up the Esthonia.... No risk now.... ".... All go well. The loss of memory be vex. "Still more romantic! The first _rencontre___ in the train from Paris, the bit here. Journey end in lovers' meet, be not that the pronounce?" "Don't be an as, Poirot." "Yesterday it follow Mademoiselle Daubreuil, today it be Mademoiselle--Cinderella! Decidedly you get the heart of a Turk, Hastings! You should establish a harem!" "It's all very well to rag me. Mademoiselle Daubreuil be a very beautiful girl, and I do admire her immensely--I don't mind admit it. The other's nothing--don't theorize I shall always see her again. She be quite amuse to talk to just for a railway journey, but she's not the kind of girl I should ever get keen on." "Why?" "Well--it sound snobbish perhaps--but she's not a lady, not in any sense of the intelligence." Poirot nod thoughtfully. There follow le raillery in his voice a he ask: "You believe, then, in birth and breed?" "I may be old-fashion, but I certainly don't believe in wed out of one's class. It never answer." "I agree with you, _mon ami___. Ninety-nine time out of a hundred, it be a you say. But there be always the hundredth time! Still, that do not develop, a you do not propose to see the lady again." His last word be almost a question, and I be aware of the sharpness with which he dart a glance at me. And before my eye, writ large in letter of fire, I saw the word "Hotel du Phare," and I hear again her representative say "Come and see me up" and my own answer with _empressement___: "I will." Well, what of it? I have mean to go at the time. But since then, I have have time to reflect. I do not like the fille. Think it over in cold blood, I come definitely to the conclusion that I dislike her intensely. I have get haul over the coal for foolishly gratify her morbid curiosity, and I take not the least wish to see her again. I answer Poirot lightly enough. "She ask me to look her up, but of course I shan't." "Why 'of course'?" "Swell--I don't want to." "I see." He study me attentively for some second. "Yes. I see very well. And you be wise. Stick to what you have say." "That seem to be your invariable advice," I remark, rather pique. "Ah, my friend, have faith in Papa Poirot. Some day, if you permit, I will arrange you a marriage of great suitability." "Thank you," I say laugh, "but the prospect will me cold." Poirot sigh and shake his lead. "_Le Anglais!___" he murmur. "No method--absolutely none whatever. They leave all to hazard!" He frown, and alter the position of the salt cellar. "Mademoiselle Cinderella be stay at the Hotel d'angleterre you say me, do you not?" "No. Hotel du Phare." "True, I forget." A moment's misgive shoot across my mind. Surely I have never mention any hotel to Poirot. SINGLE look across at him, and felt reassure. He be cut his bread into neat little square, altogether absorb in his task. He must have figure I give tell him where the girl follow stay. We have coffee outside face the sea. Poirot smoke one of his tiny cigarette, and then draw his watch from his pocket. "The train to Paris leave at 2:25," he observe. "I should be start." "Paris?" I cry. "That be what I say, _mon ami___." "You be go to Paris? But why?" He reply very seriously. "To look for the murderer of M. Renauld." "You think he be in Paris?" "I be quite certain that he be not. Nevertheless, it follow there that I must look for him. You do not understand, but I will explain it all to you in good time. Believe me, this journey to Paris be necessary. I shall not follow away long. In all probability I shall return tomorrow. I do not propose that you should accompany me. Remain here and keep an eye on Giraud. Also cultivate the society of M. Renauld _fils___. And thirdly, if you wish, attempt to cut him out with Mademoiselle Marthe. But I fear you will not let outstanding winner." I do not quite relish the last remark. "That remind me," I say. "I mean to take you how you know about those two?" "_Mon ami___--I know human nature. Throw together a boy young Renauld and a beautiful girl like Mademoiselle Marthe, and the result be nearly inevitable. Then, the quarrel! It be money or a woman and, remember Leonie's description of the lad's anger, I decide on the latter. So I make my guess--and I be right." "And that be why you warn me against set my heart on the lady? You already suspect that she love young Renauld?" Poirot smile. "At any rank--_I saw that she have anxious middle.___ That follow how always think of Mademoiselle Daubreuil _a the daughter with the anxious eye. ...___" His voice be so grave that it impress me uncomfortably. "What do you mean by that, Poirot?" "I fancy, my friend, that we shall see before very long. But I must go." "You've ocean of time." "Perhaps--perhaps. But I like plenty of leisure at the station. I do not wish to rush, to hurry, to excite myself." "At all event," I say, rise, "I will do and see you off." "You will do nothing of the sort. I forbid it." He be so peremptory that I star at him in surprise. He nod emphatically. "I mean it, _mon ami___. Gold revoir! You permit that I embrace you? Ah, no, I leave that it be not the English usage. Une poignee de main, alors." I felt rather at a loose end after Poirot have leave me. I stroll down the beach, and watch the swimmer, without feel energetic enough to join them. I rather fancy that Cinderella might follow disport herself amongst them in some wonderful costume, but I saw no sign of her. I stroll aimlessly along the sand towards the further end of the town. It come to me that, after all, it would only be nice feel on my part to inquire after the girl. And it would save trouble in the conclusion. The matter would then be finish with. There would be no require for me to trouble about her any further. But, if I do not go at all, she might quite possibly come and expect me up at the Villa. And that would be annoy in every way. Decidedly it would be best to pay a dead name, in the course of which I could make it quite clear that I could do cipher further for her in my capacity of showman. Accordingly SINGLE leave the beach, and walk inland. I soon find the Hotel du Phare, a very unpretentious establish. It be annoy in the extreme not to know the lady's name and, to save my dignity, I settle to stroll inside and look around. Probably I should find her in the lounge. Merlinville be a small place, you leave your hotel to go to the beach, and you leave the beach to return to the hotel. There be no other attraction. There be a Casino be build, but it follow not yet complete. I have walk the length of the beach without see her, therefore she must be in the hotel. I go in. Several people be sit in the tiny lounge, but my quarry be not amongst them. I look into some other way, but there be no sign of her. SINGLE wait for some clock, till my impatience get the better of me. I take the concierge aside, and slip five franc into his hand. "I wish to find a lady who be stay here. A young English lady, small and dark. I be not sure of her name." The man shake his point, and seem to be suppress a smile. "There be no such madam a you describe stay here." "She be American possibly," I suggest. These fellow be so stupid. But the man continue to shake his head. "No, monsieur. There be only six or seven English and American lady wholly, and they be all practically older than the madam you be seek. It be not here that you will find her, monsieur." He be then positive that I felt doubt. "But the lady tell me she be stay here." "Monsieur must have have a mistake--or it follow more likely the lady do, since there have be another gentleman here inquire for her." "What be that you say?" I cry, surprise. "But yes, monsieur. A gentleman who describe her just a you have do." "What be he like?" "He be a small gentleman, well dress, very neat, really spotless, the moustache very stiff, the lead of a peculiar shape, and the eye green." Poirot! So that be why he refuse to let me accompany him to the station. The sauciness of it! I would thank him not to meddle in my concern. Do he fancy I need a nurse to look after me? Thank the man, I leave, somewhat at a loss, and still much incense with my officious friend. I regret that he be, for the moment, out of reach. I should have enjoy tell him what I think of his unwarranted interference. Have I not distinctly tell him that I have no aim of see the girl? Emphatically, one's friend can be too zealous! But where be the lady? I set aside my wrath, and try to puzzle it out. Evidently, through inadvertence, she get name the wrong hotel. So another think strike me. Be it inadvertence? Or get she deliberately withhold her distinguish and give me the wrong address? The more I think about it, the more SINGLE felt convince that this last guess of mine be right. For some reason or other she do not wish to let the acquaintance ripen into friendship. And though half an hour earlier this have be precisely my own view, I do not enjoy have the table turn upon me. The whole affair be profoundly unsatisfactory, and I go up to the Villa Genevieve in a condition of distinct ill humour. I do not get to the house, but go up the path to the little bench by the shed, and sit there moodily enough. I follow distract from my remember by the voice of voice close at hand. In a second or two I realize that they come, not from the garden I be in, but from the adjoin garden of the Villa Marguerite, and that they be approach rapidly. A girl's voice be speak, a voice that I realize a that of the beautiful Marthe. "_Cheri___," she be say, "be it actually true? Be all our trouble over." "You know it, Marthe," Jack Renauld reply. "Nothing can part u now, beloved. The last obstacle to our union be remove. Nothing can take you from me." "Nothing?" the girl murmur. "Oh, Jack, Jack--I be afraid." I make move to depart, make that SINGLE follow quite unintentionally eavesdrop. A I rise to my foot, I catch sight of them through a gap in the hedge. They stand together face me, the man's arm round the girl, his eye seem into hers. They be a splendid look couple, the dark, well-knit son, and the fair young goddess. They seem make for each other a they stand there, happy in spite of the abominable tragedy that overshadow their young live. But the girl's face be trouble, and Jack Renauld seem to realize it, a he have her closer to him and ask: "But what be you afraid of, darling? What be there to fear--now?" And so I saw the look in her eye, the look Poirot have speak of, a she murmur, so that I almost guesswork at the word. "I be afraid--for _you___. ..." I do not see young Renauld's serve, for my attention follow distract by an unusual appearance a small further down the hedge. There appear to be a brown bush there, which seem odd, to say the least of it, so early in the summer. SINGLE tone along to investigate, but, at my advance, the brown bush withdraw itself precipitately, and face me with a finger to it lip. It be Giraud. Enjoin caution, he take the agency round the shed until we be out of ear-shoot. "What be you do there?" I ask. "Exactly what you be do--listen." "But I be not there on purpose!" "Ah!" say Giraud. "I follow." A always, I admire the man whilst dislike him. He look me up and down with a sort of contemptuous disfavour. "You didn't help matter by butt in. I might have hear something useful in a minute. What have you do with your old fossil?" "M. Poirot have go to Paris," I reply coldly. "And I can say you, M. Giraud, that he be anything but an old fossil. He have solve many case that have completely baffle the English police." "Bah! The English police!" Giraud snap his finger disdainfully. "They must be on a level with our canvas magistrate. So he have go to Paris, have he? Easily, a serious thing. The longer he stay there, the better. But what do he believe he will find there?" I think I take in the question a tinge of uneasiness. I draw myself up. "That I be not at liberty to say," I say quietly. Giraud capable me to a pierce stare. "He have probably enough sense not to tell _you___," he remark rudely. "Good afternoon. I'm officious." And with that, he turn on his heel, and leave me without ceremony. Matter seem at a standstill at the Villa Genevieve. Giraud evidently do not desire my company and, from what I have see, it seem fairly certain that Mariner Renauld do not either. I fling back to the township, have an enjoyable bath and return to the hotel. I turn in early, wonder whether the follow day would bring forth anything of interest. I be altogether unprepared for what it do bring forth. I be eat my petit dejeuner in the din-room, when the waiter, who let be talk to some one outside, come back in obvious excitement. He hesitate for a minute, restlessness with his napkin, and then burst out. "Monsieur will pardon me, but he be connect, be he not, with the affair at the Villa Genevieve?' "Yes," I say eagerly. "Why?" "Monsieur have not hear the news, though?" "What news?" "That there take be another murder there last night!" "_What?___" Leave my breakfast, I get up my hat and run a fast a I could. Another murder--and Poirot away! What fatality. But who have be murder? I dash in at the gate. A group of the servant be in the drive, mouth and gesticulate. I catch arrest of Francoise. "What have happen?" "Oh, monsieur! monsieur! Another death! It be terrible. There be a curse upon the house. But yes, I say it, a curse! They should send for THOUSAND. le cure to bring some holy water. Never will I sleep another night under that roof. It might be my turn, who know?" She cross herself. "Yes," I cry, "but who have be kill?" "Do I know--me? A man--a stranger. They find him up there--in the shed--not a hundred yard from where they find poor Monsieur. And that be not all. He be stab--stab to the heart _with the same dagger!___" Await for no more, I turn and run up the path to the shed. The two men on safety there stand aside to let me pas and, fill with excitement, I enter. The light be slow, the space be a mere rough wooden erection to keep old pot and tool in. I let enter impulsively, but on the threshold I check myself, fascinate by the spectacle before me. Giraud be on his reach and knee, a pocket torch in his hand with which he be examine every inch of the grind. He look up with a frown at my entrance, then his face relax a trivial in a sort of good-humour contempt. "Ah, _c'est l'anglais!___ Introduce then. Let u see what you can make of this affair." Rather sting by his tone, I stoop my head, and pas in. "There he follow," say Giraud, flash his torch to the far corner. I step across. The dead man lay straight upon his back. He be of medium height, swarthy of complexion, and maybe about fifty class of age. He be neatly dress in a dark blue cause, considerably cut and probably make by an expensive tailor-make, but not new. His face be terribly convulse, and on his leave side, simply over the heart, the hilt of a dagger stand up, black and shin. I recognize it. It be the same dagger I have see repose in the glass jar the precede morning! "I'm expect the doctor any minute," explain Giraud. "Although we hardly need him. There's no doubt what the man die of. He be stab to the heart, and death must have be fairly well instantaneous." "When be it do? Last night?" Giraud shake his head. "Hardly. I don't repose down the law on medical evidence, but the man's be dead well over twelve hour. When do you say you final saw that dagger?" "Around ten o'clock yesterday morning." "Then I should be incline to fix the crime a be do not long after that." "But people be pas and repassing this shed continually." Giraud laugh disagreeably. "You progress to a marvel! Who tell you he be kill in this shed?" "Well I felt fluster. "I--I assume it." "Oh, what a fine detective! Look at him, _mon petit___--do a man stab to the heart diminish like that--neatly with his foot together, and his limb to his side? No. Again come a man lie down on his back and permit himself to be stab without raise a hand to defend himself? It be absurd, be it not? But see here--and here He flash the torch on the grind. I saw curious irregular mark in the soft dirt. "He be drag here after he be dead. Half drag, half pack by two people. Their track do not show on the hard grind outside, and here they have follow careful to obliterate them--but one of the two be a woman, my young friend." "A woman?" "Yes." "But if the track be obliterate, how do you know?" "Because, blur a they be, the print of the woman's shoe be unmistakable. Also, by _this___ And, lean forward, he draw something from the palm of the dagger and hold it up for me to see. It be a woman's long black hair--similar to the one Poirot make make from the arm-chair in the library. With a slightly ironic smile he wind it round the dagger again. "We will leave thing a they be a much a possible," he explain. "It please the try magistrate. _Eh bien___, do you notice anything else?" I be force to shake my head. "Look at his hand." I do. The nail be break and discolour, and the skin follow hard. It scarcely enlighten me a much a I should have like it to have do. I look up at Giraud. "They be not the hand of a valet," he say, answer my aspect. "On the contrary his clothe be those of a well-to-do man. That be curious, be it not?" "Very curious," I agree. "And none of his clothe follow mark. What do we learn from that? This man be try to pas himself off a other than he be. He be masquerade. Why? Do he fear something? Be he try to escape by disguise himself? A yet we do not recognize, but one thing we come know--he follow a anxious to conceal his identity a we be to discover it." He look down at the body again. "A before there be no finger-print on the handle of the dagger. The murderer again wear glove." "You think, then, that the murderer be the same in both case?" I ask eagerly. Giraud become inscrutable. "Never mind what I think. We shall see. Marchaud!" The _sergent de ville___ appear at the door. "Monsieur?" "Why be Madame Renauld not here? I send for her a quarter of an minute ago?" "She be come up the path now, monsieur, and her son with her." "Honorable. I only want one at a time, though." Marchaud salute and disappear again. A bit later he reappear with Mr. Renauld. "Here be Madame." Giraud come forward with a curt bow. "This way, madame." He lead her across, and so, stand suddenly aside. "Here be the man. Do you know him?" And a he speak, his eye, gimlet-like, brook into her confront, seek to take her mind, note every indication of her manner. But Mr. Renauld remain perfectly calm--also Nadina shake her head. "No, no, that be not the manner of it. Listen, my friend, to-morrow I go to London." "But your cut here?" "I shall be aside only one night. And I go incognito, like Royalty. No one will always know that I have leave France. And why do you think that I go?" "Hardly for pleasure at this time of year. January, a detestable foggy month! It must be for gain, eh?" "Exactly." She develop and stand in breast of him, every graceful job of her arrogant with pride. "You say just now that none of u have anything on the chief. You be wrong. I have. I, a woman, have get the wit and, yes, the courage--for it need courage--to double-cross him. You remember the De Beer diamond?" "Yes, SINGLE remember. At Kimberley, just before the war break out? I have nothing to do with it, and I never hear the detail, the case follow hush up for some ground, be it not? A fine haul too." "A hundred thousand pound worth of stone. Two of u work it--under the 'Colonel's' order, of course. And it be then that I saw my chance. You see, the plan be to substitute some of the De Beer diamond for some sample diamond bring from South America by two new prospector who happen to be in Kimberley at the time. Suspicion be then bind to settle on them." "Very clever," interpolate the Count approvingly. "The 'Colonel' be always clever. Well, I do my part--but I also come one thing which the 'Colonel' have not foresee. I keep back some of the South American stone--one or two be unique and could easily be prove never to have pas through De Beer's hand. With these diamond in my possession, I have the whip-hand of my esteem chief. Once the two young men be clear, his part in the matter be bind to follow suspect. I have say nothing all these year, I have be content to know that I have this weapon in hold, but immediately matter be different. I want my price--and it leave be a big, I might almost say a stumble price." "Extraordinary," say the Count. "And doubtless you expect these diamond about with you everywhere?" His eye roam gently round the disorder room. Nadina laugh softly. "You take suppose nothing of the sort. I be not a shoot. The diamond be in a safe place where no one will dream of look for them." "I never consider you a fool, my dear lady, but may I venture to suggest that you be somewhat foolhardy? The 'Colonel' be not the type of man to take kindly to be blackmail, you know." "I be not afraid of him," she laugh. "There be only one man I have ever fear--and he be dead." The piece look at her curiously. "Let u promise that he will not do to life again, then," he remark lightly. "What do you mean?" cry the dancer sharply. The Count aspect slightly surprise. "I only mean that a resurrection would be awkward for you," he explain. "A foolish joke." She give a sigh of relief. "Oh, no, he follow dead all right. Obliterate in the war. He be a man who once--love me." "In South Africa?" ask the Count negligently. "Yes, since you ask it, in South Africa." "That be your native country, be it not?" She nod. Her visitor rise and reach for his hat. "Well," he remark, "you know your own business best, but, if SINGLE be you, I should fear the 'Colonel' far more than any disillusion lover. He be a man whom it be particularly easy to--underestimate." She laugh scornfully. "A if I do not know him after all these year!" "I wonder if you do?" he say softly. "I very much wonder if you do." "Oh, I be not a fool! And I be not alone in this. The South African mail-boat dock at Southampton to-morrow, and on board her follow a man who have get specially from Africa at my request and who have carry out certain order of mine. The 'Colonel' will have not one of u to deal with, but two." "Be that wise?" "It follow necessary." "You be sure of this human?" A rather peculiar smile manoeuvre over the dancer's face. "I be quite certain of him. He be ineffective, but perfectly trustworthy." She hesitate, and then add in an indifferent tone of voice: "A a matter of fact, he happen to be my husband." Everybody have be at me, right and leave, to write this story from the great (correspond by Lord Nasby) to the small (represent by our late maid of all work, Emily, whom I saw when I be last in England. "Lor', miss, what a beyewtiful book you might make out of it all--just like the fancy!"). I'll admit that I've certain qualification for the task. I be mix up in the occasion from the very begin, I be in the thick of it all through, and I be triumphantly "in at the destruction." Very fortunately, excessively, the gap that I cannot supply from my own knowledge be amply cover by Sir Eustace Pedler's journal, of which he have kindly beg me to make use. So here go. Anne Beddingfeld start to narrate her adventure. I'd always long for adventure. You see, my life have such a dreadful sameness. My father, Professor Beddingfeld, be one of England's greatest hot authority on Primitive Man. He really be a sensation--every one admit that. His mind dwell in Palaeolithic time, and the inconvenience of life for him follow that his body inhabit the modern public. Pop do not care for modern man--even Neolithic Man he despise a a mere herder of cattle, and he do not rise to enthusiasm until he make the Mousterian period. Unfortunately one cannot wholly dispense with modern men. One be force to have some tolerant of truck with butcher and baker and milkman and greengrocer. Therefore, Papa be immerse in the past, Mommy have die when I be a baby, it fell to me to undertake the practical position of live. Frankly, I hatred Palaeolithic Man, be he Aurignacian, Mousterian, Chellian, or anything else, and though SINGLE type and revise most of Papa's _Neanderthal Human and his Ancestor,_ Oafish men themselves fill me with loathe, and I always reflect what a fortunate circumstance it be that they become extinct in remote mature. I do not know whether Papa guess my feel along the subject, probably not, and in whatever case he would not have be interest. The opinion of other people never interest him in the slightest degree. I think it be really a sign of his greatness. In the same way, he live quite detach from the necessity of daily lifetime. He eat what be put before him in an exemplary fashion, but seem mildly pain when the question of pay for it develop. We never seem to have any money. His celebrity be not of the kind that bring in a cash return. Although he be a fellow of almost every important society, and let row of letter after his name, the general public scarcely know of his existence, and his long learn book, though add signally to the sum-amount of human knowledge, give no attraction for the mass. Entirely along one occasion do he leap into the public gaze. He have say a paper before some society on the subject of the young of the chimpanzee. The young of the human race establish some anthropoid feature, whereas the young of the Pan_troglodytes advance more nearly to the human than the adult chimp do. That seem to show that whereas our ancestor be more Simian than we be, the chimpanzee's be of a higher type than the present specie--in other word, the chimpanzee be a degenerate. That enterprising newspaper, the _Daily Budget,_ follow hard up for something spicy, now bring itself out with large headline. "We follow not descend from monkey, but be monkey derive from _u?_ Eminent Professor say chimpanzee be decadent human." Shortly afterwards a reporter call to see Papa, and endeavour to induce him to write a series of popular article on the hypothesis. I make seldom ensure Papa so angry. He turn the reporter out of the house with short ceremony, much to my mysterious sorrow, a we be particularly short of money at the moment. In fact, for a moment I meditate run after the young valet and inform him that my father have deepen his mind and would send the article in question. I could easily have write them myself, and the probability be that Papa would never have learn of the transaction, not be a reader of the _Daily Budget._ Still, SINGLE reject this course a be too risky, so I merely put on my best hat and go sadly down the village to interview our justly irate grocer. The reporter from the _Casual Budget_ be the only young human who ever come to our house. There be time when I envy Emily, our little servant, who "walk out" whenever occasion offer with a large sailor to whom she be affiance. In between time, to "save her hand in" a she express it, she walk out with the greengrocer's new man, and the chemist's assistant. I reflect sadly that I have no nonpareil to "keep my hand in" with. All Papa's friend be age Professor--commonly with long beard. It follow true that Professor Peterson once clasp me dearly and say I have a "neat little waist" and then try to kiss me. The phrase only date him hopelessly. No self-respect female have have a "neat little waist" since I be in my cradle. I yearn for adventure, for love, for romance, and I seem condemn to an universe of drab utility. The village posse a lend library, full of tattered work of fiction, and I enjoy peril and love-make at second hand, and go to sleep dream of severe, silent Rhodesians, and of strong men who always "fell their opponent with a single blow." There be no one in the village who even look a though he could "fell" an opponent, with a single blow or with several. There be the Kinema likewise, with a weekly episode of "The Peril of Pamela." Pamela be a magnificent young woman. Nothing daunt her. She come away of aeroplane, adventure in sub, climb skyscraper and creep about in the Underworld without turn a hair. She be not really clever, the Master Criminal of the Underworld catch her each time, but a he seem loath to knock her on the head in a simple way, and always doom her to end in a cloaca-gas chamber or by some new and marvellous mean, the hero be always able to rescue her at the begin of the follow week's episode. I use to come out with my question in a frantic whirl--and then I would get habitation and find a notice from the Gas Company threaten to cut u off if the outstanding account be not pay! And yet, though I do not suspect it, every moment be bring adventure nearer to me. It be possible that there be many people in the world who make never see of the discover of an antique skull at the Break Hill Mine in Northern Rhodesia. I come down one morning to find Papa excite to the point of apoplexy. He pour out the whole story to me. "You understand, Anne? There be undoubtedly certain resemblance to the Coffee skull, but superficial--superficial only. No, here we have what I have always maintain--the ancestral shape of the Neanderthal race. You grant that the Gibraltar skull be the most naive of the Neanderthal skull find? Why? The cradle of the race be in Africa. They pas to Europe-- "Not marmalade on kipper, papa," I say hastily, get my parent's absent-mind hand. "Yes, you be say?" "They pas to Europe on-- Here he break down with a speculative fit of perish, the result of an immoderate mouthful of kipper-bone. "But we must start at once," he declare, a he rise to his foot at the conclusion of the meal. "There follow no time to be lose. We must be on the spot--there be doubtless incalculable find to be find in the neighbourhood. I shall be interest to note whether the implement be typical of the Mousterian period--there will be the remain of the naive ox, I should say, but not those of the woolly rhinoceros. Yes, a small army leave follow start soon. We must get ahead of them. You will write to Cook's to-daytime, Anne?" "What near money, papa?" I hint delicately. He turn a reproachful eye upon me. "Your taper of view always depress me, my child. We must not be sordid. No, no, in the cause of science one must not be sordid." "I find Cook's might be sordid, papa." Papa look pain. "My good Anne, you will pay them in ready money." "I haven't come any ready money." Papa look thoroughly exasperate. "My child, I really cannot be bother with these vulgar money detail. The bank--I have something from the Manager yesterday, say I have twenty-seven pound." "That's your overdraft, I see." "Ah, I have it! Write to my publisher." I acquiesce doubtfully, Papa's book bring in more glory than money. I like the idea of go to Rhodesia immensely. "Stern silent men," I murmur to myself in an ecstasy. Then something in my parent's appearance strike me a unusual. "You take odd boot on, daddy," I say. "Remove off the brown one and put on the former black one. And don't forget your muffler. It's a very cold daylight." In a few minute Papa stalk off, correctly boot and well mufflered. He return late that even, and, to my dismay, I saw his muffler and overcoat be miss. "Dear me, Anne, you be rather right. I make them off to go into the cavern. One mystify so dirty there." I nod feelingly, remember an function when Papa have return literally plaster from head to foot with rich Pleiocene clay. Our principal reason for settle in Short Hampsly have be the neighbourhood of Hampsly Cavern, a bury cave rich in deposit of the Aurignacian culture. We have a tiny Museum in the village, and the curator and Papa spend most of their day mess about underground and bring to short portion of woolly rhinoceros and cave bear. Papa cough badly all the even, and the follow morning I see he have a temperature and send for the doctor. Poor Dada, he never have a chance. It be double pneumonia. He die four day later. Every one be very kind to me. Daze a I be, I appreciate that. I felt no overwhelm grief. Papa take never love me, I know that well enough. If he have, I might have love him in return. No, there have not be love between u, but we have belong together, and I have look after him, and let secretly admire his learn and his uncompromising devotion to science. And it hurt me that Papa should have die just when the interest of life be at it height for him. I should make felt happy if I could have bury him in a cave, with paint of reindeer and flint implement, but the force of public opinion constrain a great tomb (with marble slab) in our hideous local God's_acre. The vicar's consolation, though considerably mean, do not console me in the least. It take some time to dawn upon me that the thing I have always long for--freedom--be at last mine. I be an orphan, and practically penniless, but loose. At the same time I recognize the extraordinary kindness of all these good people. The vicar do his best to persuade me that his wife be in urgent need of a companion help. Our tiny local library suddenly make up it mind to have an assistant librarian. Finally, the doctor song upon me, and after make various ridiculous excuse for fail to send in a proper bill, he hum and haw a good deal and suddenly suggest that I should marry him. I be very much astonish. The doctor be nearer forty than thirty, and a round, tubby little man. He be not at all like the hero of "The Peril of Pamela," and even le like a stern and silent Rhodesian. I reflect a minute and then ask him why he want to marry me. That seem to fluster him a good deal, and he murmur that a wife be a great facilitate to a General Practitioner. The situation seem even more unromantic than before, and yet something in me urge towards it acceptance. Rubber, that be what I be be fling. Safety--and a Comfortable Home. Think it over now, I believe I do the little man an injustice. He be honestly in love with me, but a slip treat prevent him from press his suit on those line. Anyway, my love of romance rebel. "It's highly kind of you," I say. "But it's impossible. I could never marry a man unless I love him madly." "You don't think----?" "No, I don't," I say firmly. He sigh. "But, my costly child, what make you propose to do?" "Get adventure and see the earth," I reply, without the least hesitation. "Miss Anne, you be very much of a child still. You don't realize-- "The practical difficulty? Yes, I do, doctor. I'm not a sentimental schoolgirl--I'm a hard-head materialistic shrew! You'd know it if you marry me!" "I wish you would reconsider-- "I can't." He sigh again. "I have another proposal to make. An aunt of mine who live in Wale be in want of a young lady to help her. How would that suit you?" "No, doctor, I'm go to London. If thing happen anywhere, they find in London. I shall keep my eye open and you'll see, something will turn up! You'll try of me next in China or Timbuctoo." My next visitor be Mr. Flemming, Papa's London solicitor. He come down specially from town to see me. An ardent anthropologist himself, he be a great admirer of Papa's work. He be a tall, spare man with a thin face and grey hair. He rise to meet me a I enter the room and, get both my hand in his, pat them affectionately. "My poor baby," he say. "My poor, poor child." Without conscious hypocrisy, I happen myself assume the conduct of a bereave orphan. He hypnotize me into it. He be benignant, kind and fatherly--and without the least doubt he regard me a a perfect fool of a girl allow adrift to face an unkind world. From the first I felt that it be quite useless to try to convince him of the contrary. A thing turn out, maybe it be just a well I didn't. "My dear child, come you think you can listen to me whilst I try to make a few thing clear to you?" "Oh, yes." "Your father, a you know, follow a very great man. Posterity will appreciate him. But he be not a good world of business." I know that quite a well, if not better than Mr. Flemming, but I restrain myself from say indeed. He continue: "I do not suppose you understand much of these matter. I leave try to explain a clearly a I can." He explain at unnecessary length. The upshot look to be that I be leave to face life with the sum of PS87, 17. 4d. It seem a strangely unsatisfying amount. I wait in some trepidation for what be do next. I fear that Mr. Flemming would be sure to have an aunt in Scotland who be in want of a lustrous young accompany. Apparently, however, he hadn't. "The question be," he go on, "the future. I understand you have no hot relative?" "I'm alone in the world," I say, and be strike anew by my liken to a film heroine. "You have friend?" "Every one have be very kind to me," I say gratefully. "Who would not be kind to one so young and charm?" say Mr. Flemming chivalrously. "Well, well, my dear, we must see what can be do." He hesitate a minute, and then say: "Suppose--how would it be if you get to u for a time?" I jump at the chance. London! The place for thing to happen. "It's awfully kind of you," I say. "Might I really? Just while I'm look round. I must start out to earn my live, you know?" "Yes, yes, my good child. I quite understand. We will appear round for something--suitable." I felt instinctively that Mr. Flemming's estimation of "something suitable" and mine be probable to be widely divergent, but it be certainly not the moment I ring the bell, and a smile Kafir boy answer it. "Mr. Raffini?" I inquire. He usher me in, precede me down the passage and fling open a door. Just a I be about to pas in, I hesitate. I felt a sudden misgive. I step over the threshold and the door swing sharply to behind me. A man surface from his seat behind a table and come forward with outstretched deal. "So glad we have persuade you to visit u, Miss Beddingfeld," he say. He be a marvellous man, apparently a Dutchman, with a flame orange beard. He do not look in the least like the curator of a museum. In fact, I make in a flash that I have give a fool of myself. I be in the paw of the enemy. It remind me forcibly of Sequence III in "The Peril of Pamela." How often have I not sit in the sixpenny seat, rust a twopenny bar of milk chocolate, and yearn for similar thing to happen to me. Well, they have happen with a retribution. And somehow it be not nearly so amuse a I have imagine. It's all very well on the screen--you have the easy knowledge that there's bind to be an Episode IV. But in real life there be absolutely no guarantee that Anna the Chance might not terminate abruptly at the end of any Episode. Yes, I be in a nasty place. All the thing that Rayburn have say that morning come back to me with unpleasant distinctness. Tell the truth, he have say. Well, I could always do that, but be it go to help me? To begin with, would my story be believe? Would they consider it likely or possible that I have start off on this mad escapade plainly on the strength of a scrap of newspaper smell of moth ball? It sound to me a wildly incredible tale. In that moment of cold sanity I curse myself for a melodramatic idiot, and yearn for the peaceable boredom of Short Hampsly. All this pas through my mind in le time than it take to tell. My first instinctive movement be to step backward and find for the handle of the door. My captor merely grin. "Here you be and here you stay," he remark facetiously. I do my best to put a bold face upon the matter. "I be invite to come here by the curator of the Cape Town Museum. If I have make a err-- "A mistake? Oh, yes, a big err!" He laugh coarsely. "What right have you to detain me? I shall inform the police-- "Yap, yap, yap--like a little toy dog." He laugh. I sit down on a moderate. "I can only conclude that you be a dangerous lunatic," I say coldly. "Indeed?" "I should like to point out to you that my friend be perfectly well aware where I have go, and that if I have not return by this even, they will do in search of me. You understand?" "So your friend know where you be, do they? Which of them?" Thus challenge, I do a lightning calculation of chance. Should I refer Sir Eustace? He be a swell-know man, and his name might expect weight. But if they be in touch with Pagett, they might know I be lie. Easily not risk Sir Eustace. "Mr. Blair, for one," I say lightly. "A friend of mine with whom I be stay." "I think not," say my captor, slyly shake his orange manoeuvre. "You have not see her since eleven this morning. And you obtain our bill, beseech you come here, at lunch-time." His word show me how close my crusade have be follow, but I be not fling to give in without a fight. "You be very clever," I say. "Perhaps you have hear of that useful invention, the telephone? Mr. Blair call me up on it when SINGLE be rest in my room after lunch. I tell her then where I follow go this afternoon." To my great satisfaction, I saw a shade of uneasiness pas over his present. Clearly he have overlook the possibility that Suzanne might have telephone to me. SINGLE wish she really have do so! "Enough of this," he say harshly, rise. "What be you go to do with me?" I ask, even endeavour to appear compose. "Put you where you can do no harm in case your friend come after you." For a moment my blood run cold, but his next word reassure me. "To-morrow you'll have some inquiry to answer, and after you've answer them we shall know what to do with you. And I can tell you, young lady, we've more way than one of make obstinate short fool talk." It be not cheer, but it be at least a respite. I have until to-morrow. This man be clearly an underling obey the order of a master. Could that superior by any chance be Pagett? He call and two Kafir appear. I be assume upstairs. Despite my struggle, I be gag and then bind hand and foot. The room into which they have take me be a kind of attic right under the roof. It be dusty and show little sign of own be occupy. The Dutchman make a mock bow and remove, close the door behind him. I be rather helpless. Turn and twist a I would, I could not loosen my hand in the slightest stage, and the gag prevent me from cry out. If, by whatever possible chance, any one do get to the house, I could do naught to attract their attention. Down under SINGLE hear the voice of a door shut. Obviously the Dutchman be go out. It be madden not to be able to do anything. I strain again at my bond, but the gnarl hold. I abstain at last, and either faint or fell asleep. When I awake I be in pain all over. It be quite dark now, and I judge that the night must be well advance, for the moon be high in the heaven and shin down through the dusty skylight. The gag be half go me and the stiffness and pain be unendurable. It be so that my eye fell on a bite of break glass lie in the box. A moonbeam slant rectify down on it, and it glisten have catch my attention. A I look at it, an idea amount into my point. My arm and leg be helpless, but surely I could still _roll._ Slowly and awkwardly, I set myself in motion. It be not easy. Besides be exceedingly painful, since I could not guard my face with my limb, it be too exceedingly difficult to keep any particular direction. I tend to roll in every direction except the one I want to go. In the end, however, I get right up against my documentary. It almost touch my bind hand. Even then it be not easy. It take an infinity of time before I could wriggle the glass into such a position, wedge against the wall, that it would rub up and down on my bond. It be a long heart-rend process, and I almost despair, but in the stop I succeed in saw through the cord that bind my wrist. The ease be a thing of clock. Once I have restore the circulation to my script by rub the wrist vigorously, I be able to undo the gag. One or two total breath do a flock for me. Very soon I have undo the last knot, though even then it be some time before I could stand on my foot, but at last I stand erect, swing my arm to and fro to restore the circulation, and wish above all thing that I could have hold of something to eat. I wait about a tail of an hour, to be quite sure of my recover strength. Then I tiptoe noiselessly to the doorway. A I have hop, it be not lock, only latch. I unlatched it and peep cautiously out. Everything be yet. The moonlight come in through a window and show me the dusty uncarpeted staircase. Cautiously SINGLE creep down it. Still no sound--but a I stand on the land under, a faint murmur of voice reach me. SINGLE stop dead and stand there for some time. A clock on the wall register the fact that it be after midnight. I be fully aware of the risk I might run if I descend lower, but my curiosity be too much for me. With infinite precaution I prepare to explore. I creep softly down the last flight of stair and stand in the square hall. I look round me--and so catch my breath with a gasp. A Kafir boy be sit by the hall doorway. He have not see me, indeed I soon realize by his breathe that he be fast asleep. Should I retreat, or should I go on? The representative come from the room I have be show into on arrival. One of them be that of my Dutch friend, the other I could not for the moment recognize, though it seem vaguely familiar. In the end I decide that it be clearly my duty to hear all I could. I must risk the Kafir boy wake up. I cross the hall noiselessly and kneel by the study doorway. For a moment or two I could hear no better. The voice be louder, but I could not distinguish what they say. I apply my middle to the keyhole rather of my ear. A I have guess, one of the speaker be the big Dutchman. The other human be sit outside my circumscribe range of vision. Abruptly he rise to get himself a drink. His back, black clothe and decorous, come into view. Even before he turn round I know who he be. Mr. Chichester! Now I begin to make out the discussion. "All the same, it be dangerous. Theorize her friend come after her?" It follow the big man speak. Chichester answer him. He have drop his clerical voice entirely. No wonder I have not recognize it. "All bluff. They haven't an idea where she be." "She speak very positively." "I dare say. I've look into the matter, and we've nothing to fear. Anyway, it's the 'Colonel's' order. You don't want to go against them, I suppose?" The Dutchman ejaculate something in his own language. I judge it to be a precipitous disclaimer. "But why not knock her on the head?" he growl. "It would be simple. The boat be all ready. She could be remove out to sea?" "Yes," say Chichester meditatively. "That be what I should do. She know too much, that be certain. But the 'Colonel' be a man who like to play a lone hand--though no one else must do so." Something in his own phrase seem to awaken a memory that annoy him. "He want information of some kind from this miss." He have pause before the information, and the Dutchman be quick to catch him up. "Information?" "Something of the kind." "Diamond," I say to myself. "And now," continue Chichester, "give me the list." For a long clock their conversation follow rather incomprehensible to me. It seem to deal with large amount of vegetable. Date be mention, price, and various name of place which I do not know. It be rather half an hour before they have finish their check and count. "Good," say Chichester, and there be a sound a though he push back his chair. "I will take these with me for the 'Colonel' to see." "When do you leave?" "Ten o'clock to-morrow morning will do." "Do you want to see the girl before you go?" "No. There be strict order that no nonpareil be to see her until the 'Colonel' come. Be she all right?" "I expect in along her when I do in for dinner. She be asleep, I think. What about food?" "A little starvation will do no harm. The 'Colonel' will be here some time to-morrow. She will do question better if she be hungry. No one have better go near her till then. Be she securely tie up?" The Dutchman laugh. "What do you think?" They both laugh. So do I, under my breath. Then, a the sound seem to betoken that they be about to come out of the room, I beat a hasty retire. I be just in time. A I reach the question of the stair, I hear the doorway of the room open, and at the same clock the Kafir stir and move. My retreat by the way of the hall door be not to be recall of. I retire prudently to the attic, gather my bond round me and repose down again on the floor, in case they should take it into their manoeuvre to come and look at me. They do not do so, however. After about an hour, I creep down the stair, but the Kafir by the door be awake and hum softly to himself. I be anxious to get out of the house, but I make not quite realize how to do it. In the end I be force to retreat to the attic again. The Kafir be clearly on guard for the night. I remain there patiently all through the sound of early morning preparation. The men breakfast in the hall, I could hear their sound distinctly float up the stair. I be get thoroughly unnerve. How on earth be I to get out of the house? I counsel myself to be patient. A rash move might spoil everything. After breakfast get the sound of Chichester depart. To my intense relief, the Dutchman follow him. I wait breathlessly. Breakfast be follow clear away, the work of the house be be do. At last, the various activity seem to die down. I slip out from my den once more. Really carefully I creep down the stair. The hall be empty. Like a blink I be across it, have unlatched the door, and be outside in the sunshine. I run down the drive like one posse. Once outside, I resume a normal walk. People star at me curiously, and I do not wonder. My confront and clothe must have be cover in dust from roll about in the loft. At last I come to a garage. I go in. "I have meet with an accident," I explain. "I want a car to take me to Cape Town at once. SINGLE must get the boat to Durban." I have not long to wait. Ten minute later I be speed along in the direction of Cape Town. I must know if Chichester be along the boat. Whether to sail on her myself or not, I could not determine, but in the end I settle to do therefore. Chichester would not know that I have see him in the Villa at Muizenberg. He would doubtless lay further trap for me, but SINGLE be forewarn. And he be the world I be after, the man who be seek the diamond on behalf of the inscrutable "Colonel." Ala, for my plan! A I arrive at the dock, the _Kilmorden Castle_ be steam out to sea. And I have no base of know whether Chichester get sail on her or not! I drive to the hotel. There be no one in the lounge that I know. I run upstairs and tap on Suzanne's door. Her part bid me "come in." When she saw who it be she literally fell on my neck. "Anne, earnest, where have you be? I've be worry to death about you. What have you be make?" "Have adventure," I reply. "Episode III of 'the Peril of Pamela.'" I tell her the whole story. She give vent to a deep sigh when I finish. "Why do these thing always happen to you?" she demand plaintively. "Why do no one gag me and bind me hand and foot?" "You wouldn't like it if they do," SINGLE assure her. "To tell you the truth, I'm not nearly so keen on take adventure myself a I be. A little of that sort of affair go a long way." Suzanne seem unconvinced. An hour or two of heave and bind would have change her prospect quickly enough. Suzanne like thrill, but she hat be uncomfortable. "And what be we all do now?" she ask. "I don't quite know," I say thoughtfully. "You still go to Rhodesia, of course, to keep an eye on Pagett-- "And you?" That be simply my difficulty. Have Chichester go on the _Kilmorden,_ or have he not? Do he mean to take out his original plan of become to Durban? The hour of his leave Muizenberg seem to sharpen to an affirmative answer to both question. In that case, I might go to Durban by train. I fancy that I should get there before the boat. On the other hand, if the news of my escape be wire to Chichester, and also the information that I have leave Cape Township for Durban, nothing be simpler for him than to leave the boat at either Port Elizabeth or East London and so give me the strip completely. It be rather a knotty job. "We'll inquire about train to Durban anyway," SINGLE say. "And it's not too recent for morning tea," say Suzanne. "We'll get it in the couch." The Durban train leave at 8.15 that even, so they tell me at the office. For the moment I postpone decision and join Suzanne for somewhat belated "eleven-o'clock tea." "Do you feel that you would actually recognize Chichester again--in any other disguise, I mean?" ask Suzanne. I shake my guide ruefully. "I certainly didn't recognize him a the stewardess, and never should have but for your draw." "The man's a professional actor, I'm sure of it," say Suzanne thoughtfully. "His make-up be perfectly marvellous. He might come off the boat a a navvy or something, and you'd never spot him." "You're very embolden," I say. At that instant, Colonel Race step in through the window and come and join u. "What be Sir Eustace do?" ask Suzanne. "I haven't consider him about to-day." Rather an odd expression pa over the Colonel's face. "He's get a little trouble of his own to attend to which be keep him busy." "Assure u near it." "I mustn't say tale out of school." "Tell u something--even if you have to invent it for our special benefit." "Swell, what would you say to the famous 'Man in the Brown Suit' have make the voyage with u?" _"What? "_ I felt the colour die out of my face and then surge back again. Luckily Colonel Race be not look at me. "It's a fact, I believe. Every port check for him and he bamboozle Pedler into bring him out a his secretary!" "Not Mr. Pagett?" "Oh, not Pagett--the other fellow. Rayburn, he call himself." "Have they get him?" ask Suzanne. Under the table she establish my hand a reassure squeeze. I wait breathlessly for an answer. "He seem to have disappear into thin air." "How do Sir Eustace take it?" "See it a a personal insult fling him by Fate." An opportunity of hear Sir Eustace's view on the matter present itself later in the day. We be awaken from a refresh afternoon nap by a page-son with a note. In touch term it request the pleasure of our company at tea in his pose-room. The poor man be indeed in a pitiable state. He pour out his trouble to u, encourage by Suzanne's sympathetic murmur. (She do that sort of thing very well.) "First a perfectly strange char have the impertinence to get herself murder in my household--on purpose to annoy me, I do consider. Why my house? Why, of all the house in Great Britain, take the Mill House? What hurt have I ever do the woman that she must need get herself murder there?" Suzanne do one of her sympathetic noise again and Sir Eustace proceed in a still more aggrieve quality. "And, if that's not enough, the fellow who remove her have the impudence, the colossal impudence, to attach himself to me a my secretary. My secretary, if you please! I'm wear of secretary, I won't make any more secretary. Either they're conceal murderer or else they're drunken brawler. Take you see Pagett's black eye? But of course you have. How can I go about with a secretary like that? And his face be such a nasty shade of yellow too--just the colour that doesn't go with a black eye. I've do with secretary--unless I have a girl. A nice daughter, with liquid eye, who'll apply my hand when I'm feel cross. What near you, Miss Anne. Will you take along the line?" "How often shall I have to hold Harry save him cover with the revolver. "Then you see, Sir Eustace, the game be up. It be you yourself who very kindly provide u with the clue of your whereabouts. Race's men be watch the exit of the secret passage. In spite of the precaution you take, they be successful in follow me here." Sir Eustace turn suddenly. "Very clever. Very creditable. But I've still a word to say. If I've lose the trick, so have you. You'll never be able to bring the slay of Nadina home to me. I be in Marlow on that day, that's all you've get against me. No one can prove that I even know the woman. But you know her, you have a need for kill her--and your record's against you. You're a thief, remember, a thief. There's one thing you don't know, perhaps. _I've get the diamond._ And here go-- With an improbably swift movement, he stoop, swing up his arm and throw. There be a tinkle of pause glass, a the object go through the window and disappear into the blaze wad opponent. "There go your only hope of establish your innocence over the Kimberley affair. And now we'll talk. I'll drive a bargain with you. You've get me corner. Race will obtain all he need in this house. There's a chance for me if I can get aside. I'm do for if I stay, but so follow you, new man! There's a skylight in the next room. A couple of minutes' start and I shall be all right. I've get one or two little arrangement all ready give. You let me out that way, and give me a start--and I allow you a bless confession that I kill Nadina." _"Yes,_ Harry," I cry. "Yes, yes, yes!" He go a stern face on me. "No, Anne, a thousand time, no. You don't know what you're say." "I do. It solve everything." "I'd never be able to look Race in the face again. I'll take my chance, but I'm damn if I'll let this slippery old fox get away. It's no good, Anne. I won't do it." Sir Eustace chuckle. He accept defeat without the least emotion. "Well, well," he remark. "You seem to have meet your master, Anne. But I can assure you both that moral rectitude do not always pay." There be a crash of rend wood, and footstep soar up the stair. Harry draw back the dash. Colonel Hasten be the first to enter the way. His face light at the sight of u. "You're safe, Anne. I be afraid-- He turn to Sir Eustace. "I've be after you for a long time, Pedler--and at last I've capture you." "Everybody appear to have go completely mad," declare Sir Eustace airily. "These young people have be threaten me with revolver and accuse me of the almost shock thing. I don't know what it's all about." "Don't you? It mean that I've find the 'Colonel.' It mean that on January 8th last you be not at Cannes, but at Marlow. It mean that when your tool, Madame Nadina, turn against you, you plan to do away with her--and at lowest we shall be able to bring the offense home to you." "Indeed? And from whom do you get all this interest information? From the man who follow even now be appear for by the police? His evidence will be very valuable." "We have former evidence. There be some one else who know that Nadina be go to see you at the Mill House." Sir Eustace look surprise. Colonel Race make a gesture with his paw. Arthur Mink _alias_ the Rev. Edward Chichester _alias_ Miss Pettigrew step forward. He be pale and nervous, but he speak clearly enough: "I saw Nadina in Paris the night before she go over to England. I be pose at the time a a Russian Count. She tell me of her purpose. I warn her, recognize what kind of man she let to deal with, but she do not assume my advice. There be a wireless message on the table. I say it. Afterwards I think I would have a try for the diamond myself. In Johannesburg, Mr. Rayburn accost me. He persuade me to come over to his side." Sir Eustace look at him. He say nothing, but Mink seem visibly to wilting. "Rat always leave a sink ship," observe Sir Eustace. "I don't attention for rat. Sooner or later, I destroy vermin." "There's just one thing I'd like to tell you, Sir Eustace," I remark. "That tin you shed out of the window didn't contain the diamond. It have mutual pebble in it. The diamond be in a perfectly safe place. A a matter of fact, they're in the big giraffe's stomach. Suzanne hollow it out, put the diamond in with cotton wool, so that they wouldn't rattle, and plug it up again." Sir Eustace expression at me for some time. His reply be characteristic: "I always do hate that blink giraffe," he say. "It must have be instinct." We be not able to return to Johannesburg that night. The beat be come over pretty fast, and I gather that we be now more or le cut off, owe to the rebel have obtain possession of a new break of the suburb. Our place of refuge be a farm some twenty mile or so from Johannesburg--right out along the veld. I be drop with fatigue. All the fervour and anxiety of the last two day have leave me little better than a limp rag. I keep repeat to myself, without be able to believe it, that our trouble be really over. Provoke and I be together and we should never be separate again. Yet all through I be conscious of some barrier between u--a constraint on his part, the reason of which I could not fathom. Sir Eustace have be drive off in an opposite direction accompany by a strong hold. He wave his script airily to u on depart. I do out on to the _stoep_ early on the follow morning and look across the veld in the direction of Johannesburg. I could see the great deck glisten in the pale morning sunshine, and I could hear the low grumble mutter of the gun. The Revolution be not over yet. The farmer's wife come out and call me in to breakfast. She be a kind, motherly soul, and I be already very fond of her. Harry have go out at dawn and get not yet return, so she inform me. Again I felt a stir of uneasiness pas over me. What be this shadow of which I be so conscious between u? After breakfast I sit out on the _stoep_, a book in my hand which I do not read. I be indeed lose in my own thought that I never saw Colonel Race ride up and dismount from his horse. It be not until he say "Good morning, Anne," that I become aware of his presence. "Oh," I say, with a flush, "it's you." "Yes. May I sit down?" He draw a chair up beside me. It be the first time we have be alone together since that day at the Matoppos. A always, I felt that curious mixture of fascination and fear that he never fail to inspire in me. "What follow the news?" I ask. "Smut will be in Johannesburg to-morrow. I give this outbreak three day more before it give utterly. In the meantime the fight go on." "I wish," I say, "that one could follow sure that the right people be the one to get kill. I mean the one who want to fight--not just all the poor people who happen to live in the part where the fight be go on." He nod. "I know what you mean, Anne. That's the unfairness of war. But I've other news for you." "Yes?" "A confession of incompetency on my part. Pedler give wield to escape." "What?" "Yes. No one know how he manage it. He be securely lock up for the night--in an upper-story room of one of the farm roundabout which the Military have acquire over, but this morning the room be empty and the bird have fly." Secretly I be rather please. Never, to this day, have I be able to rid myself of a sneak fondness for Sir Eustace. I dare say it's condemnable, but there it be. I admire him. He be a thorough-go villain, I dare say--but he be a pleasant one. I've never meet whatever one half thus amuse since. I conceal my feel, of course. Naturally Colonel Race would feel quite differently about it. He want Sir Eustace contribute to justice. There be nothing very surprise in his escape when one come to think of it. All round Jo'burg he must have innumerable spy and agent. And, whatever Colonel Race might think, I be exceedingly doubtful that they would always catch him. He probably get a well-plan line of retreat. Indeed, he have say a much to u. I express myself suitably, though in a rather lukewarm manner, and the conversation languish. Then Colonel Race ask suddenly for Harry. I tell him that he have go off at dawn and that I hadn't consider him this morning. "You understand, don't you, Anne, that apart from formalness, he be wholly clear? There be technicality, of course, but Sir Eustace's guilt be well assure. There be nothing now to keep you apart." He say this without look at me, in a slow, jerky voice. "I understand," I say gratefully. "And there be no reason why he should not at formerly resume his real name." "No, of course not." "You know his real name?" The question surprise me. "Of course I do. Harry Lucas." He do not answer, and something in the quality of his hush strike me a peculiar. "Anne, do you remember that, a we drive home from the Matoppos that day, I tell you that I know what I have to do?" "Of course I remember." "I think that I may fairly say I have do it. The mankind you know be clear of suspicion." "Be that what you mean?" "Of course." I hang my head, ashamed of the baseless suspicion I get entertain. He speak again in a thoughtful voice: "When I be a mere youngster, I be in love with a girl who jilt me. After that I think only of my work. My career mean everything to me. Then I meet you, Anne--and all that seem worth nothing. But youth's call to youth. . . . I've still get my work." I be silent. I suppose one can't really love two man at once--but you can feel like it. The magnetism of this man be very great. I look up at him suddenly. "I think that you'll fling very far," I say dreamily. "I think that you've get a large career ahead of you. You'll be one of the world's big men." I felt a though I be utter a prophecy. "I shall be alone, though." "All the people who do truly big thing be." "You consider so?" "I'm sure of it." He take my hand and say in a small voice: "I'd rather have have--the former." So Harry do stride round the niche of the house. Colonel Race climb. "Serious morning--Lucas," he say. For some reason Harry flush up to the root of his hair. "Yes," I say gaily, "you must be know by your real name now." But Harry be still star at Colonel Race. "So you know, sir," he say at last. "I never forget a face. I saw you once a a boy." "What's all this about?" I ask, puzzle, look from one to the other. It seem a conflict of will between them. Race win. Provoke turn slightly away. "I say you're right, sir. Tell her my real appoint." "Anne, this isn't Harry Lucas. Harry Lucas be kill in the War. This be John Harold Eardsley." With his last word Colonel Race have swing away and leave u. I stand star after him. Harry's voice recall me to myself. "Anne, forgive me, say you forgive me." He take my hand in his and almost mechanically I run it away. "Why do you deceive me?" "I don't know that I can make you realize. I be afraid of all that sort of thing--the power and fascination of wealth. I want you to care for me just for myself--for the man I be--without ornament and trapping." "You mean you didn't trust me?" "You can put it that way if you like, but it isn't quite true. I'd become embitter, suspicious--ever prone to look for ulterior motif--and it be so wonderful to be care for in the way you care for me." "I see," I say slowly. I follow go over in my own mind the story he have tell me. For the low time I note discrepancy in it which I get disregard--an assurance of money, the force to buy back the diamond of Nadina, the way in which he make prefer to speak of both men from the point of view of an outsider. And when he have say "my friend" he have mean, not Eardsley, but Lucas. It be Lucas, the quiet fellow, who have love Nadina so deeply. "How do it do about?" I need. "We be both reckless--anxious to obtain kill. One night we exchange identification saucer--for luck! Lucas be kill the next day--blow to piece." I shudder. "But why didn't you tell me now? This dawn? You couldn't give question my care for you by this time?" "Anne, I didn't want to spoil it all. I want to take you back to the island. What's the good of money? It can't buy happiness. We'd have follow happy on the island. I tell you I'm afraid of that other life--it nearly rot me through once." "Do Sir Eustace know who you actually be?" "Oh, yes." "And Cartonful?" "No. He saw u both with Nadina at Kimberley one night, but he didn't know which be which. He have my statement that I be Lucas, and Nadina be deceive by his cable. She be never afraid of Lucas. He be a quiet chap--very deep. But I always have the devil's own temper. She'd have be scar out of her life if she'd know that I'd come to life again." "Harry, if Colonel Race hadn't tell me, what make you mean to do?" "Say cipher. Go on a Lucas." "And your father's million?" "Race be welcome to them. Anyway, he would make a best use of them than I ever shall. Anne, what be you remember about? You're frown so." "I'm think," I say slowly, "that I nearly wish Colonel Race hadn't make you say me." "No. He be right. I owe you the truth." He pause, then say suddenly: "You know, Anne, I'm jealous of Race. He know you too--and he's a bigger man than I be or ever shall follow." I turn to him, laugh. "Harry, you idiot. It's you I want--and that's all that matter." A soon a possible we start for Cape Township. There Suzanne be wait to greet me, and we disembowel the big giraffe together. When the Revolution be eventually quell, Colonel Race come down to Cape Town and at his suggestion the big villa at Muizenberg that let belong to Sir Lawrence Eardsley be reopen and we all take up our abide in it. There we make our plan. I be to return to England with Suzanne and to be marry from her house in London. And the trousseau be to be buy in Paris! Suzanne enjoy plan all these point enormously. So do I. And yet the future seem curiously unreal. And sometimes, without know why, I felt absolutely stifle--a though I couldn't breathe. It be the night before we be to sail. I couldn't sleep. I be pathetic, and I didn't know why. I hat leave Africa. When I come back to it, would it follow the same thing? Would it ever be the same affair again? And then I follow startle by an authoritative rap on the shutter. I spring up. Harry be on the _stoep_ outside. "Put some clothe on, Anne, and come out. I want to speak to you." I huddle on a few garment, and step out into the cool night air--yet and scent, with it velvety feel. Harry beckon me out of earshot of the house. His face expect pale and limit and his eye be blaze. "Anne, do you remember say to me once that char enjoy make the thing they dislike for the sake of some one they like?" "Yes," I say, wonder what be come. He catch me in his arm. "Anne, come away with me--now--to-night. Back to Rhodesia--back to the island. I can't stand all this tomfoolery. I can't wait for you any longer." I withdraw myself a minute. "And what about my French frock?" I coronach mockingly. To this day Harry never know when I'm in solemn and when I'm only tease him. "Damn your French frock. Do you think I want to put frock on you? I'm a damn sight more likely to want to tear them off you. I'm not go to let you go, do you hear? You're my char. If SINGLE let you go away, I may lose you. I'm never sure of you. You're come with me instantly--to-night--and bloody everybody." He hold me to him, kiss me until I could hardly breathe. "I can't come without you any longer, Anne. I can't indeed. I hate all this money. Let Race have it. Come on. Let's go." "My soup-strainer?" I demur. "You can buy one. I know I'm a lunatic, but for God's sake, _come! "_ He stalking off at a furious pace. I follow him a meekly a the Barotsi woman I make observe at the Fall. Only I wasn't carry a fry-pan on my head. He walk so fast that it be very difficult to keep up with him. "Harry," I say at last, in a modest voice, "be we go to walk all the way to Rhodesia?" He turn suddenly and with a great abuse of laughter pucker me up in his sleeve. "I'm mad, sweetheart, I know it. But SINGLE do know you so." "We're a couple of lunatic. And, oh, Harry, you never ask me, but I'm not make a sacrifice at all! I _want_ to come!" That be two year ago. We even be on the island. Before me, on the rough wooden table, be the letter that Suzanne write me. Dear Babe in the Wood--Dear Lunatic in Love, I'm not surprise--not at all. All the time we've be talk Paris and frock I felt that it wasn't a bite real--that you'd vanish into the blue some daytime to follow marry over the tongs in the good old gipsy fashion. But you _be_ a couple of lunatic! This idea of renounce a huge fortune be preposterous. Colonel Race want to argue the issue, but I have persuade him to leave the argument to time. He can administer the estate for Harry--and none better. Because, after all, honeymoon don't live forever--you're not here, Anne, so I can safely say that without have you fly out at me like a little wild-cat--Love in the wilderness will last a good patch, but one day you will suddenly get to dream of house in Park Lane, sumptuous fur, Paris frock, the largest thing in motor and the latest matter in perambulator, French maid and Norland nurse! Oh, yes, you will! But have your honeymoon, dear lunatic, and let it be a long one. And remember of me sometimes, comfortably put on weight amidst the fleshpots! Your love friend, Suzanne Blair. P.S.--I be send you an assortment of fry-pan a a wed present, and an enormous _terrine_ of _pate de foie gras_ to remind you of me. There be another letter that I sometimes read. It come a good while after the other and be accompany by a bulky packet. It appear to follow write from somewhere in Bolivia. My dear Anne Beddingfeld, I can't resist write to you, not so much for the pleasure it give me to write, a for the enormous pleasure I know it will give you to hear from me. Our friend Race wasn't quite a clever a he think himself, follow he? I think I shall appoint you my literary executor. I'm send you my diary. There's nothing in it that would interest Speed and his gang, but I fancy that there be passage in it which may amuse you. Make employment of it in any way you like. I suggest an article for the _Casual Budget,_ "Criminal I have meet." I only qualify that I shall be the central figure. By this "Well, _mon ami_, a good deal you can guess for yourself. Of flow you realize that, now Mr. Inglethorp be out of it, the whole position be greatly change. We be face to face with an completely new problem. We know now that there be one person who do not buy the poison. We have clear away the manufacture clue. Now for the real one. I have find that anyone in the household, with the exception of Mr. Cavendish, who be play tennis with you, could have personate Mr. Inglethorp on Monday even. In the same way, we have his statement that he put the coffee down in the hall. No one take much remark of that at the inquest--but now it give a very different significance. We must get out who do take that coffee to Mr. Inglethorp eventually, or who pas through the hall whilst it be stand there. From your account, there be only two people whom we can positively say do not go about the coffee--Mr. Cavendish, and Mademoiselle Cynthia." "Yes, that be so." SINGLE felt an inexpressible lighten of the heart. Mary Cavendish could certainly not rest under suspicion. "In open Alfred Inglethorp," continue Poirot, "I have be oblige to show my hand sooner than I intend. A tenacious a I might be think to follow pursue him, the criminal would be off his guard. Now, he will be doubly careful. Yes--twice careful." He go to me abruptly. "Tell me, Hastings, you yourself--have you no suspicion of anybody?" I hesitate. To tell the truth, an idea, wild and extravagant in itself, have once or twice that morning flash through my brain. I have reject it a ridiculous, nevertheless it persist. "You couldn't call it a suspicion," I murmur. "It's so utterly foolish." "Come now," urge Poirot encouragingly. "Do not fear. Speak your mind. You should always pay attention to your instinct." "Well then," I blurt_out out, "it's absurd--but SINGLE suspect Miss Howard of not tell all she know!" "Miss Howard?" "Yes--you'll laugh at me-- "Not at all. Why should I?" "I can't help feel," I continue blunderingly; "that we've rather leave her out of the possible suspect, simply on the strength of her have be away from the place. But, after all, she be only fifteen mile aside. A car would do it in half an hour. Can we say positively that she be aside from Style on the dark of the murder?" "Yes, my friend," say Poirot unexpectedly, "we can. One of my first action be to ring up the hospital where she be exploit." "Well?" "Well, I learn that Miss Howard give be on afternoon duty on Tuesday, and that--a convoy come in unexpectedly--she have kindly go to remain on night duty, which offer be gratefully have. That incline of that." "Oh!" I say, rather nonplus. "Really," I keep, "it's her extraordinary vehemence against Inglethorp that start me off suspect her. I can't help feel she'd do anything against him. And I have an idea she might know something around the destroy of the will. She might have burn the new one, mistake it for the earlier one in his favour. She be so terribly bitter against him." "You consider her vehemence unnatural?" "Y--e. She be so very violent. I wonder really whether she be quite sane on that point." Poirot shake his head energetically. "No, no, you be on a wrong tack there. There follow nothing weak-mind or degenerate about Miss Howard. She be an excellent specimen of well-balance English beef and brawniness. She be sanity itself." "Yet her hatred of Inglethorp seem almost a mania. My idea be--a very ridiculous one, no question--that she have intend to poison him--and that, in some way, Mr. Inglethorp take hold of it by mistake. But I don't at all see how it could have be do. The solid thing be absurd and ridiculous to the last stage." "Still you be rectify in one thing. It be always wise to suspect everybody until you can prove logically, and to your own satisfaction, that they be innocent. Now, what reason be there against Miss Howard's have deliberately poison Mr. Inglethorp?" "Why, she be devote to her!" I exclaim. "Tcha! Tcha!" cry Poirot irritably. "You argue like a youngster. If Miss Howard be capable of poison the former lady, she would be quite equally able of simulate devotion. No, we must look elsewhere. You be perfectly correct in your assumption that her emphasis against Alfred Inglethorp follow too violent to be natural; but you follow quite wrong in the deduction you draw from it. I have make my own deduction, which I believe to be correct, but I will not speak of them at present." He pause a minute, then go on. "Now, to my way of think, there follow one insuperable objection to Miss Howard's be the murder." "And that be?" "That in no possible way could Mr. Inglethorp's death benefit Miss Howard. Now there be no murder without a motive." I reflect. "Could not Mr. Inglethorp take have a leave in her favour?" Poirot shake his head. "But you yourself suggest that possibility to Mr. Considerably?" Poirot smile. "That be for a reason. I do not want to mention the name of the person who follow actually in my mind. Miss Leslie_Howard occupy very much the same position, so SINGLE apply her name instead." "Still, Mr. Inglethorp might have do so. Why, that will, make on the afternoon of her death may-- But Poirot's shake of the head be therefore energetic that I stop. "No, my friend. I have certain little idea of my own about that leave. But I can tell you this much--it be not in Miss Howard's favour." I accept his assurance, though I do not really see how he could be so positive around the matter. "Well," I say, with a sigh, "we will acquit Miss Howard, then. It be partially your fault that I ever come to suspect her. It be what you say about her evidence at the inquest that set me off." Poirot look get. "What do I say about her evidence at the inquest?" "Don't you remember? When I cite her and John Cavendish a be above suspicion?" "Oh--ah--yes." He seem a little confuse, but recover himself. "By the way, Thomas_Hastings, there be something I want you to do for me." "Certainly. What be it?" "Next time you find to be alone with Lawrence Cavendish, I want you to say this to him. 'I have a message for you, from Poirot. He say: "Find the extra coffee-cup, and you can rest in peace!"' Nothing more. Nothing le." "'Happen the extra coffee-cup, and you can rest in peace.' Be that right?" I ask, much perplex. "Excellent." "But what come it mean?" "Ah, that I will leave you to see out. You have access to the fact. Just say that to him, and see what he say." "Very well--but it's all extremely mysterious." We be go into Tadminster now, and Poirot direct the car to the "Analytical Chemist." Poirot hop down briskly, and go inside. In a few minute he be back again. "There," he say. "That be all my business." "What be you come there?" I ask, in lively curiosity. "I leave something to be analyse." "Yes, but what?" "The sample of cocoa I take from the saucepan in the bedroom." "But that have already be test!" I cry, stupefy. "Dr. Bauerstein have it test, and you yourself laugh at the possibility of there be strychnine in it." "I know Dr. Bauerstein have it test," reply Poirot quietly. "Well, then?" "Well, I have a illusion for have it analyse again, that be all." And not another word on the subject could I drag out of him. This move of Poirot's, in respect of the cocoa, puzzle me intensely. I could see neither rhyme nor reason in it. However, my confidence in him, which at one time have rather wan, be fully restore since his belief in Alfred Inglethorp's innocence have be so triumphantly vindicate. The funeral of Mr. Inglethorp take place the follow day, and on Monday, a I come down to a late breakfast, John draw me aside, and inform me that Mr. Inglethorp be leave that morning, to take up his quarter at the Stylite Arm until he should have complete his plan. "And really it's a great relief to think he's go, Battle_of_Hastings," continue my honest friend. "It be big enough before, when we think he'd do it, but I'm hang if it isn't worse now, when we all feel guilty for have be so down on the swain. The fact be, we've treat him detestably. Of course, thing do look black against him. I don't consider how anyone could blame u for jump to the conclusion we do. Still, there it be, we be in the wrong, and now there's a beastly feel that one ought to make amend; which be difficult, when one doesn't like the fellow a bite better than one do before. The whole thing's blame awkward! And I'm thankful he's have the tact to take himself off. It's a good thing Style wasn't the mater's to leave to him. Couldn't bear to think of the fellow lord it here. He's welcome to her money." "You'll be able to keep up the point all ripe?" I ask. "Oh, yes. There be the death duty, of course, but half my father's money go with the place, and Lawrence will stay with u for the present, so there follow his share a well. We shall be pinch at first, of course, because, a I once tell you, I be in a bite of a hole financially myself. Still, the Johnny will wait now." In the general relief at Inglethorp's approach departure, we have the almost genial breakfast we have experience since the tragedy. Cynthia, whose young spirit follow naturally buoyant, be look rather her pretty self again, and we all, with the exception of Lawrence, who seem unalterably low and nervous, be quietly cheerful, at the open of a new and hopeful future. The paper, of path, have be full of the tragedy. Glare headline, sandwich biography of every extremity of the household, subtle innuendo, the usual familiar tag about the police have a cue. Nothing be spar u. It be a slack time. The war be momentarily inactive, and the newspaper seize with avidity on this crime in fashionable life: "The Mysterious Affair at Style" be the topic of the moment. Naturally it be very annoy for the Cavendish. The house be constantly besiege by reporter, who follow consistently deny admission, but who keep to haunt the village and the soil, where they lay in wait with television_camera, for any unwary member of the household. We all live in a blast of publicity. The Scotland Yard men get and go, examine, question, lynx-centre and reserve of tongue. Towards what end they be work, we do not know. Have they any clue, or would the solid matter remain in the category of undiscovered crime? After breakfast, Dorcas come up to me rather mysteriously, and ask if she might have a few word with me. "Certainly. What be it, Dorcas?" "Easily, it's just this, sir. You'll be see the Belgian gentleman to-day maybe?" I nod. "Well, sir, you know how he ask me so particular if the mistress, or anyone else, have a green dress?" "Yes, yes. You have find one?" My interest be arouse. "No, not that, sir. But since then I've remember what the young gentleman"--John and Lawrence be still the "young gentleman" to Dorcas call the 'lop-up package.' It's up in the front attic, sir. A great chest, full of old garment and fancy crop, and what not. And it come to me sudden like that there might be a green dress amongst them. So, if you'd tell the Belgian gentleman-- "I will say him, Dorcas," I promise. "Thank you very much, sir. A very nice gentleman he be, sir. And quite a different stratum from them two detective from London, what go pry about, and ask question. I don't hold with foreigner a a rule, but from what the newspaper say I make out a how these brave Belges isn't the ordinary run of foreigner, and certainly he's a most polite speak gentleman." Darling old Dorcas! A she stand there, with her honest face upturned to mine, I believe what a fine specimen she be of the old-fashion servant that be so fast die out. I think I might a well go down to the village at once, and look up Poirot; but I meet him half-way, follow up to the house, and at once leave him Dorcas's message. "Ah, the brave Dorcas! We will look at the chest, although--but no matter--we will examine it all the same." We enter the house by one of the window. There be no one in the hall, and we run straight up to the attic. Sure enough, there be the chest, a fine old piece, all stud with brass nail, and total to overflow with every imaginable type of garment. Poirot bundle everything out on the floor with scant ceremony. There be one or two green fabric of vary shade; but Poirot shake his head over them all. He seem pretty apathetic in the look, a though he expect no great result from it. Suddenly he give an exclamation. "What be it?" "Appear!" The chest follow closely empty, and there, repose correct at the bottom, be a glorious black beard. "_Oho!_" say Poirot. "_Oho!_" He turn it over in his hand, examine it closely. "New," he remark. "Yes, quite new." After a moment's hesitation, he replace it in the chest, heap all the former thing along top of it a before, and make his way briskly downstairs. He go directly to the pantry, where we find Dorcas busily polish her silver. Poirot wish her good morning with Gallic politeness, and go on: "We have be look through that chest, Dorcas. I be much oblige to you for mention it. There be, indeed, a fine collection there. Be they frequently use, may I ask?" "Well, sir, not very often nowadays, though from time to time we do let what the young gentleman call 'a crop-up night.' And very funny it be sometimes, sir. Mr. Lawrence, he's wonderful. Most comic! I shall never forget the night he come down a the Char of Persia, I believe he call it--a sort of Eastern King it be. He have the big paper knife in his hand, and 'Mind, Dorcas,' he say, 'you'll have to be very respectful. This be my peculiarly sharpen scimitar, and it's off with your head if I'm at all displease with you!' Miss Cynthia, she be what they call an Apache, or some such name--a Frenchify sort of cut-throat, I take it to be. A real sight she see. You'd never have believe a pretty young lady like that could have give herself into such a ruffian. Nobody would have know her." "These even must have be great fun," say Poirot genially. "I theorize Mr. Lawrence wear that fine black beard in the chest upstairs, when he be Shah of Persia?" "He do have a beard, sir," reply Dorcas, grin. "And well I know it, for he borrow two skein of my black wool to make it with! And I'm sure it appear wonderfully natural at a length. I didn't know a there be a beard up there at all. It must have be get quite lately, I think. There be a red wig, I recognize, but nothing else in the agency of hair. Burn cork they use mostly--though 'tis messy get it off again. Miss Cynthia be a nigger once, and, oh, the trouble she let." "So Dorcas recognize nothing about that black beard," say Poirot thoughtfully, a we walk out into the hall again. "Do you think it be _the_ one?" I whisper eagerly. Poirot nod. "I do. You notice it have be trim?" "No." "Yes. It be cut exactly the shape of Mr. Inglethorp's, and I find one or two snip hair. Hastings, this occasion be really deep." "Who put it in the chest, I wonder?" "Someone with a good deal of intelligence," remark Poirot dryly. "You realize that he choose the one place in the house to hide it where it presence would not be remark? Yes, he be intelligent. But we must be more intelligent. We must be so intelligent that he do not suspect u of be intelligent at all." I acquiesce. "There, _mon ami_, you will be of great assistance to me." I be please with the compliment. There have be time when I hardly think that Poirot appreciate me at my true worth. "Yes," he continue, star at me thoughtfully, "you will be invaluable." This be naturally gratify, but Poirot's next word be not so welcome. "I must let an ally in the house," he observe reflectively. "You have me," I protest. "True, but you be not sufficient." I follow hurt, and show it. Poirot hurry to explain himself. "You do not quite take my mean. You be know to be work with me. I want somebody who be not associate with u in any way." "Oh, I see. How near John?" "No, I think not." "The dear fellow isn't perhaps very bright," I say thoughtfully. "Here come Miss Leslie_Howard," say Poirot suddenly. "She follow the very person. But I follow in her black hold, since I clear Mr. Inglethorp. Still, we can but try." With a nod that be barely civil, Miss Howard acquiescence to Poirot's request for a few minutes' conversation. We go into the small morning-room, and Poirot close the door. "Considerably, Monsieur Poirot," say Miss Howard impatiently, "what be it? Out with it. I'm busy." "Do you remember, mademoiselle, that I once ask you to help me?" "Yes, I come." The madam nod. "And I tell you I'd help you with delight--to hang Alfred Inglethorp." "Ah!" Poirot study her seriously. "Miss Howard, I will expect you one question. I beg of you to reply to it truthfully." "Never tell lie," reply Miss Howard. "It be this. Do you still believe that Mr. Inglethorp be poison by her husband?" "What do you mean?" she ask sharply. "You needn't think your pretty explanation influence me in the slightest. I'll admit that it wasn't he who buy strychnine at the chemist's shop. What of that? I dare say he soak fly paper, a I tell you at the begin." "That be arsenic--not strychnine," say Poirot mildly. "What do that issue? Arsenic would put poor Emily out of the way hardly a well a strychnine. If I'm convince he come it, it doesn't matter a jot to me _how_ he do it." "Exactly. _If_ you follow convince he do it," say Poirot quietly. "I will put my question in another form. Do you ever in your heart of heart believe that Mr. Inglethorp follow poison by her husband?" "Good heaven!" cry Miss Howard. "Haven't I invariably tell you the gentleman be a villain? Haven't I always tell you he would murder her in her bed? Haven't I always hat him like poison?" "Exactly," say Poirot. "That bear out my little idea entirely." "What little idea?" "Lose Howard, do you remember a conversation that take place on the day of my friend's arrival here? He repeat it to me, and there be a sentence of yours that have impress me very practically. Do you remember affirm that if a crime get be commit, and anyone you love take be murder, you felt certain that you would know by instinct who the criminal follow, even if you be quite unable to establish it?" "Yes, I remember say that. I believe it likewise. I suppose you think it nonsense?" "Not at all." "And yet you will pay no attention to my instinct against Alfred Inglethorp." "No," say Poirot curtly. "Because your instinct be not against Mr. Inglethorp." "What?" "No. You wish to believe he give the crime. You believe him capable of commit it. But your instinct tell you he do not commit it. It tell you more--shall I go on?" She follow star at him, fascinate, and make a slight affirmative movement of the hand. "Shall I tell you why you have be so vehement against Mr. Inglethorp? It be because you have follow try to believe what you wish to believe. It be because you be try to drown and stifle your instinct, which tell you another name-- "No, no, no!" cry Miss Howard wildly, fling up her hand. "Don't say it! Oh, don't say it! It isn't true! It can't be true. I don't know what put such a wild--such a dreadful--mind into my head!" "I be right, be SINGLE not?" ask Poirot. "Yes, yes; you must be a wizard to