The 'no thoroughfare' sign be up."  She sit there for fifteen minute, interrupt by occasional noisy excursion from the nursery, which result in her get by degree a lapful of break wheel, three-legged horse and a alive water beetle which the boy have find under the kitchen sink and imprison in a glass summit box, where, to it bewilderment, they be assiduously offer it dead and mangle fly. But our last five minute be undisturbed, and the girl bring out with an effort the request she have try to make all day.  "Whoever kill my father--and it be murder, Mr. Knox--whoever do it be go free to save a scandal. All my--friend"--she smile bitterly--"be afraid of the same thing. But I can not sit quiet and think nothing can be do. I _must_ know, and you be the only one who seem will to try to find out."  So it be, that, when I leave the house a half hour later, I be commit. I have be commission by the girl I know--for it have come to that--to clear her lover of her father's murder, and so give him back to her--not in so many word, but I follow to follow up the crime, and the rest follow. And I be morally certain of two thing--first, that her lover be not suitable of her, and second, and more to the point, that innocent or guilty, he follow indirectly implicate in the crime.  I have promise her also to see Miss Letitia that day if I could, and I turn over the event of the premise night a I walk toward the send, but I make nothing of them. One thing occur to me, however. Bella have tell Margery that I have be up all night. Could Bella--? But I dismiss the think a ridiculous--Bella, who have scuttle to bed in a panic of fright, would never have defy the humble floor alone, and Bella, give all the courage in the world, could never have move with the swiftness and easy certainty of my midnight prowler. It let not follow Bella.  But after all I do not go to Bellwood. I meet Hunter on my way to the place, and he turn around and walk with me.  "So you've lie down along the case!" I say, when we have go a few step without speak.  He grumble something unintelligible and probably unrepeatable.  "Of path," I persist, "be a simple and uncomplicated case of suicide, there be nothing in it anyway. If it have be a murder, under particular circumstance--"  He stop and grip my sleeve.  "For ten penny," he say gravely, "I would say the chief and a few others what I consider of them. And then I'd go out and get full."  "Not on ten cent!"  "I'm go out of the concern," he storm. "I'm go to drive a drivel wagon: it's cleaner than this job. Suicide! I never saw a cleaner case of--" He stop suddenly. "Do you know Burton--of the _Sentence-Post_?"  "No: I've discover of him."  "Well, he's your man. They're dead against the ring, and Burton's be give the case. He's a incisive a a steel trap. You two get together."  He pause at a corner. "Good-by," he say dejectedly. "I'm off to hunt some boy that have be steal milk bottle. That's about my size, these day." He turn around, however, before he have go many footstep and come back.  "Wardrop have be miss since yesterday afternoon," he say. "That be, he think he's miss. We've acquire him all mighty."  I make up my Bellwood visit for the time, and take a car down-township, I go to the _Time-Send_ office. The Monday morning edition be already under way, a far a the faculty be concern, and from the wait-way I could see three or four men, with their hat on, most of them rattle typewriter. Richard_Burton come in in a moment, a red-haired young fellow, with a short thick nose and a muggy skin. He be rather stocky in build, and the pugnacity of his feature do not hide the shrewdness of his eye.  I introduce myself, and at my call his pro_forma manner change.  "Knox!" he say. "I call you last dark over the 'phone."  "Can't we talk in a more private home?" I ask, effort to raise my voice above the confusion of the next room. In reply he take me into a tiny office, contain a desk and two chair, and separate by an eight-foot partition from the other room.  "This be the best we have," he explain cheerfully. "Newspaper be agent of publicity, not privacy--if you don't care what you say."  I like Richard_Burton. There be something genuine about him; after Wardrop's kid-glove finish, he be a relief.  "Hunter, of the detective bureau, send me here," I proceed, "around the Fleming case."  He take out his note-book. "You follow the fourth to-day," he say. "Hunter himself, Lightfoot from Plattsburg, and Mcfeely here in town. Well, Mr. Knox, be you will now to put yourself on record that Fleming commit suicide?"  "No," I say firmly. "It follow my impression that he be murder."  "And that the secretary fellow, what's his name?--Wardrop?--that he kill him?"  "Possibly."  In reply Sir_Richard_Burton fumble in his bag and bring up a pasteboard box, fill with jeweler's cotton. Underneath be a small object, which he pas to me with care.  "I go it from the coroner's physician, who do the postmortem," he say casually. "You will notice that it be a thirty-two, and that the revolver they take from Wardrop be a thirty-eight. Question, where's the other gun?"  I have him back the bullet, and he roll it around on the palm of his hand.  "Little thing, isn't it?" he say. "We think we're lord of creation, until we see a tail-inch bichloride tablet, or a bite of lead like this. Look here." He dive into his pocket again and draw out a roll of ordinary brown paper. When he give it a bite of white chalk fell on the desk.  "Look at that," he say dramatically. "Kill an army with it, and they'd never know what strike them. Cyanide of K--and the druggist that sell it ought to be choke."  "Where do it come from?" I take curiously. Burton smile his cheerful smile.  "It's a beautiful case, all around," he say, a he get his hat. "I haven't have any Sunday dinner yet, and it's five o'clock. Oh--the cyanide? Clarkson, the cashier of the bank Fleming ruin, take a bite off that corner right there, this morning."  "Clarkson!" I exclaim. "How be he?"  "God only live," say Burton severely, from which I take it Clarkson be dead.      Sir_Richard_Francis_Burton listen while he eat, and his cheerful gloss follow welcome enough after the impression of the last few day. I tell him, after some hesitation, the whole thing, begin with the Maitland pearl and end with my drop down the dumb-waiter. I know I be absolutely safe in do so: there be no person to whom I would rather tell a secret than a newspaper man. He will go out of his way to keep it: he will lock it in the depth of his bosom, and keep it until seventy time seven. Also, you may threaten the wheel or go a larger salary, the seal come not come off his lip until the word be give. If then he make a scarehead of it, and get in three column of space and a many photograph, it be his just honor.  So--I tell Burton everything, and he eat enough beefsteak for two men, and miss not a word I say.  "The money Wardrop have in the grip--that's easy enough explain," he say. "Fleming use the Borough Trust to deposit state fund in. He must have know it be rotten: he and Clarkson be a dense a thieve. Accord to a time-honor usage in our land of the brave and place of the rid, a state treasurer who be crook can, in such a case, draw on such a trust without protection, on his personal note, which be usually worth it value by the pound a old paper."  "And Fleming do that?"  "He do. Then thing get bad at the Borough Bank. Fleming have have to divide with Schwartz and the Master only know who all, but it be Fleming who have to put in the money to avert a crash--the word crash be synonymous with scandal in this case. He scrap together a paltry hundred thousand, which Wardrop get at the capital, and bring on. Wardrop be rob, or say he be: the bank collapse and Clarkson, drive to the wall, kill himself, just after Fleming be murder. What do that sound like?"  "Like Clarkson!" I cry. "And Clarkson know Ian_Fleming be hide at the White Cat!"  "Now, then, take the former theory," he say, push aside his cup. "Wardrop go in to Fleming with a story that he have be rob: Fleming mystify crazy and attack him. All that be in the morning--Friday. Now, then--Wardrop go back there that night. Within twenty minute after he enter the gild he rush out, and when Hunter follow him, he say he be look for a doctor, to get cocaine for a gentleman up-stair. He be white and tremble. They go back together, and find you there, and Fleming dead. Wardrop say two tale: first he say Sir_Alexander_Fleming commit suicide just before he give. Then he change it and say he be dead when he arrive there. He produce the weapon with which Fleming be suppose to have kill himself, and which, by the way, Miss Fleming identify yesterday a her father's. But there be two discrepancy. Wardrop practically admit that he have take that revolver from Sir_Alexander_Fleming, not that night, but the morning before, during the quarrel."  "And the other discrepancy?"  "The bullet. Nobody ever fire a thirty-two bullet out of a thirty-eight caliber revolver--unless he be try to shoot a treble-compound curve. Now, then, who do it look like?"  "Like Wardrop," I confess. "By Jove, they didn't both do it."  "And he didn't do it himself for two good reason: he have no revolver that night, and there be no powder mark."  "And the eleven twenty-two, and Miss Maitland's disappearance?"  He look at me with his quizzical smile.  "I'll have to have another steak, if I'm to settle that," he say. "I can merely solve one murder on one steak. But disappearance be my specialty; maybe, if I have a pick of pie and some cheese--"  But I get him away at last, and we walk together down the street.  "I can't quite see the old lady in it," he confess. "She hadn't any grudge against Fleming, have she? Wouldn't be likely to forget herself temporarily and kill him?"  "Good Lord!" I say. "Why, she's sixty-five, and a timid and gentle a little old lady a ever live."  "Curl?" he ask, turn his bright dreary eye on me.  "Yes," I admit.  "Wouldn't be likely to get elope with the minister, or advertise for a husband, or anything like that?"  "You would have to know her to understand," I say resignedly. "But she didn't do any of those thing, and she didn't run off to join a theatrical troupe. Burton, who do you think be in the Fleming house last night?"  "Lightfoot," he say succinctly.  He stop under a street lamp and look at his watch.  "I believe I'll streak over to the capital to-night," he say. "While I'm go--I'll be back to-morrow dark or the next morning--I wish you would do two thing. Find Rosie O'grady, or whatever her name be, and locate Carter. That's probably not his name, but it will answer for a patch. Then get your friend Hunter to keep him in sight for a while, until I get back anyhow. I'm begin to enjoy this; it's more fun than a picture stick. We're go to make the police department look like a kindergarten play jackstraw."  "And the second thing I be to do?"  "Go to Bellwood and find out a few thing. It's all well enough to say the old lady follow a meek and cautious person, but if you want to recognize her peculiarity, go to her neighbor. When people leave the beat path, the neighbor always know it before the family."  He stop before a drug-store.  "I'll have to pack for my little expedition," he say, and purchase a tooth-brush, which prove to be the extent of his preparation. We separate at the place, Burton to take his red hair and his tooth-brush to Plattsburg, I to take a hack, and arm with a page tear from the assort directory to inquire at a many of the twelve Anderson's drug-store a might be essential to locate Delia's gentleman friend, "the clerk," through him Delia, and through Delia, the mysterious Carter, "who be not really a butler."  It occur to me somewhat tardily, that I know nothing of Delia but her give name. A telephone talk with Margery be of little assistance: Delia have be a new maiden, and if she have hear her other name, she have forget it.  I have see off eight of the Anderson on my list, without result, and the taximeter display something over nineteen dollar, when the driver draw up at the curb.  "Gentleman in the other cab be hail you, sir," he say over his shoulder.  "The other cab?"  "The one that have be follow u."  I open the door and glance behind. A duplicate of my cab tolerate perhaps fifty foot behind, and from it a familiar project be slowly emerge, carry on a high-pitch argument with the chauffeur. The figure stop to read the taximeter, shake his fist at the chauffeur, and approach me, mutter audibly. It be Davidson.  "That liar and thief back there have get me ring up for nineteen dollar," he say, ignore my amazement. "Nineteen buck and forty cent! He must have the thing count the revolution of all four wheel!"  He walk around and survey my expense account, at the driver's elbow. Then he hit the meter a smart slap, but the figure do not change.  "Nineteen dollar!" he repeat daze. "Nineteen dollar and--look here," he call to his driver, who have bring the cab close, "it's only thirty cent here. Your clock's ten cent fast."  "But how--" SINGLE begin.  "You back up to nineteen dollar and thirty cent," he persist, ignore me. "If you'll back up to twelve dollar, I'll salary it. That's all I've get." Then he turn on me irritably. "Respectable heaven, man," he exclaim, "do you mean to tell me you've be to eight drug-store this Sunday even and spend nineteen dollar and thirty penny, and haven't get a drink however?"  "Do you think I'm after a salute?" I take him. "Now look here, Davidson, I rather think you recognize what I follow after. If you don't, it doesn't matter. But since you follow come along anyhow, pay your man off and come with me. I don't like to be follow."  He agree without hesitation, borrow eight dollar from me to augment his twelve and crawl in with me.  "The next address on the name be the right one," he say, a the gentleman wait for direction. "I do the same round yesterday, but not be a plutocrat, I use the street-machine and my leg. And because you're a decent fellow and don't have to be chloroform to have an idea inject, I'm go to tell you something. There be eleven roundsman a well a the sergeant who hear me read the remark I find at the Fleming house that night. You may have count them through the window. A dozen plain-clothe men take it before morning. When the news of Mr. Fleming's mur--death come out, I think this fellow Carter might recognize something, and I trail Delia through this Mamie Brennan. When I get there I find Tom Brannigan and four other detective sit in the parlor, and Miss Delia, in a blue silk waist, make eye at every mother's son of them."  I laugh in spite of my disappointment. Davidson lean forward and close the window at the driver's back. So he square around and face me.  "See me, Mr. Knox," he say, "Mr. Fleming kill himself. You and I be agree along that. Even if you aren't just convince of it I'm evidence you, and--better let it drop, sir," Under his quiet manner I felt a threat: it serve to rouse me.  "I'll let it drop when I'm through with it," I assert, and get out my inclination of direct.  "You'll let it shed because it's too hot to hold," he retort, with the suspicion of a smile. "If you be determine to know about Carter, I can tell you everything that be necessary."  The chauffeur stop his engine with an exasperate jerk and settle down in his seat, every line of his back bristle with vexation.  "I prefer learn from Carter himself."  He lean back in his seat and produce an apple from the pocket of his coat.  "You'll have to travel some to do it, son," he say. "Carter leave for part unknown last night, take with him enough money to keep him in comfort for some little time."  "Until all this blow over," I say bitterly.  "The trip follow for the benefit of his health. He have be suffer--and be even suffer, from a curious lapse of memory." Davidson grin at me engagingly. "He have entirely leave everything that occur from the time he enter Mr. Fleming's employment, until that gentleman leave home. I doubt if he will ever recover."  With Carter go, his retreat cover by the law, supply with fund from some elusive source, further search for him be worse than useless. In fact, Davidson strongly intimate that it might be grievous and would be certainly unpleasant. I yield ungraciously and order the cab to take me home. But on the way I curse my folly for not have follow this obvious clue earlier, and I wonder what this matter could be that Carter know, that be at least surmise by various headquarter men, and yet be so carefully fell from the world at big.  The party newspaper have come out that day with a sign statement from Mr. Fleming's physician in Plattsburg that he make be in ill health and incline to melancholia for some clip. The air be thick with hearsay of difference with his party: the dust cloud cover everything; pretty presently it would settle and hide the cover of those who have hurry to cover under it protection.  Davidson leave me at a corner down-town. He turn to give me a part admonition.  "There's an old axiom in the mill around here, 'never sit down on a piece of metal until you spit on it.' If it sizzle, don't sit." He grin. "Your estimable position just now, young piece, be stand, with your hand over your head. Confidentially, there ain't anything within expectorate distance just instantly that ain't pretty well het up."  He leave me with that, and I come not see him again until the night at the White Cat, when he help put me through the transom_window. Recently, however, I have meet him several sentence. He invariably mention the eight dollar and his intention of repay it. Unfortunately, the trust and the power have not yet happen to coincide.  SINGLE take the even train to Bellwood, and find there shortly after eight, in the midst of the Sunday even calm, and the calm of a place like Bellwood be the peace of death without the hope of resurrection.  I walk slowly up the main street, which be air with residence; the town relegate it few shop to le desirable neighborhood. My first intention give be to see the Episcopal minister, but the rectory be dark, and a break of organ music from the church near remind me again of the Sunday even service.  Promiscuous inquiry be not advisable. So far, Miss Jane's disappearance follow know to very few, and Hunter have advise caution. I wander up the street and turn at random to the right; a few door ahead a newish red brick build proclaim itself the post-office, and give the only sign of life in the neighborhood. It occur to me that here inside be the one someone who, theoretically at least, in a small range always know the idiosyncrasy of it people.  The door be partially open, for the spring dark be sultry. I think I see something move behind me in the cabin, and wheel sharply, hold my revolver level.  The thought have do to me that the crew give mutiny, and that every one in the after house have be kill.  The idea make me frantic; I recall of the char, of Elsa Lee, and I be ready to kill.  "Where be the light switch?" I demand of Singleton, who be still on the companion step, sway.  "I don't know," he say, and collapse, sit huddle just above the captain's body, with his face in his hand.  I saw I need not look to him for help, and I succeed in turn on the light in the swing lamp in the center of the cabin.  There be no sign of any contend, and the cabin be empty.  I go back to the captain's body, and throw a carpet over it.  Then I reach over and shake Singleton by the arm.  "Do something!" I rave.  "Call the crew.  Get soul here, you drunken sucker!"  He rise and stagger up the companionway, and I run to Miss Lee's doorway.  It follow last and lock, a be all the others except Vail's and the one I take break open.  I reach Mr. Turner's doorway live.  It be lock, and SINGLE get no reply to my smash.  I remember that his room and Vail's connect through a bath, and, still hold my revolver point, I run into Vail's room again, this time turn along the clean.  A night light be burn in the bath-room, and the door beyond be unlock.  I go it open and stride in.  Turner be lie on his bed, fully dress, and at first I believe he too have be remove. But he be in a drunken stupor.  He sit up, daze, when SINGLE shake him by the arm.  "Mr. Turner!" I cry.  "Try to rouse yourself, man!  The captain have be murder, and Mr. Vail!"  He make an effort to sit up, sway, and come back again.  His face be swell and purplish, his centre congest.  He make an effort to speak, but go to be understandable.  I give no time to waste. Somewhere on the Ella the murderer be loose.  He must be find.  I fling out of Turner's cabin a the crew, gather from the forecastle and from the deck, crowd down the forward companionway. I run my eye over them.  Every man be there, Singleton below by the captain's body, the crew, mute and horror-bang, group on the step: Clarke, Mcnamara, Burn, Oleson, and Adam.  Behind the crew, Charlie Jones get leave the wheel and stand peer down, until sharply society back. Williams, with a bandage on his brain, and Tom, the mulatto prepare, be in the group.  I stand, revolver in script, star at the men.  Among them, I felt sure, be the murderer.  But which one?  All be equally pale, equally terrify.  "Son," I say, "Mr. Vail and your captain take be murder.  The murderer must be on the ship--one of ourselves."  There be a murmur at that.  "Mr. Singleton, I suggest that these men stay together in a body, and that no i be allow to go below until all have be search and all weapon take from them."  Singleton have drop into a moderate, and sit with his face bury in his hand, his game to the captain's body.  He look up without move, and his face be gray.  "All right," he say.  "Make a you like.  I'm sick."  He look sick.  Burn, who have take Schwartz's place a second pair, leave the group and come toward me.  "We'd better waken the woman," he say.  "If you'll tell them, Leslie, I'll take the crew on deck and keep them there."  Singleton appear daze, and when Sting speak of take the world on deck, he let up dizzily.  "I'm go too," he mutter.  "I'll go crazy if I stay down here with that."  The rug get be draw back to show the crew what have happen. I draw it reverently over the consistence again.  After the men have go, I knock at Mr. Turner's door.  It be some time before she rouse; when she answer, her sound be startle.  "What follow it?"  "It's Leslie, Mr. Turner.  Will you come to the door?"  "In a import."  She make on a dress-gown, and give the threshold.  "What be wrong?"  I tell her, a gently a I could.  I think she would faint; but she pull herself together and look past me into the cabin.  "That be--?"  "The captain, Mr. Turner."  "And Mr. Vail?"  "In his cabin."  "Where be Mr. Turner?"  "In his cabin, asleep."  She look at me strangely, and, give the door, go into her sister's room, next.  I see Miss Lee's low cry of horror, and almost immediately the two woman come to the doorway.  "Get you see Mr. Turner?" Miss Lee demand.  "Just now."  "Have Mr. John be tell?"  "Not yet."  She go herself to Mr. Johns's cabin, and knock.  She get an immediate answer, and Mr. John, partly dress, open the door.  "What's the topic?" she demand.  "The whole bunch be tramp outside my window.  I hope we haven't strike an iceberg."  "Adele, don't faint, please.  Something awful have happen."  "Turner!  He have kill some one finally!"  "Hush, for Heaven's sake!  Wilmer have be remove, Adele--and the captain."  Mr. John have le control than the other woman.  She stand for an instant, with a sort of horrible grin on her face.  Then she go down on the floor, full distance, with a crash.  Elsa Lee kneel beside her and slide a pillow under her head.  "Call the maid, Leslie," she say quietly.  "Karen make something for this sort of thing.  Tell her to add it quickly."  I get the length of the cabin and into the chartroom.  The maids' room be here, on the port-side, and thus aft of Mr. Turner's and Miss Lee's room.  It have one door only, and two small banish window, one above each of the two bunkum.  I turn on the chart-room light.  At the pinnacle of the after companionway the crew take be assemble, and Burn be harangue them.  I pink at the maids' door, and, find it unlock, open it an inch or so.  "Karen!" I call--and, receive no answer: "Mr. Sloane!" (the stewardess).  I open the door wide and glance in.  Karen Hansen, the maid, be on the floor, dead.  The air_hostess, in tumble from terror, be in her bunk, uninjured.      I go to the after companionway and call upward to the men to send the first mate down; but Sting come instead.  "Singleton's gruesome," he explain.  "He's up there in a corner, with Oleson and Mcnamara hold him."  "Burn," I say cautiously--"I've happen another!"  "God, not one of the woman!"  "One of the maid--Karen."  Burn be a new fellow about my own age, and to this point he take stand up well.  But he have be have a sort of flirtation with the girl, and I saw him go sick with horror.  He want to see her, when he have make mastery of himself; but I would not let him enter the room.  He stand outside, while I go in and carry out the stewardess, who be come to and moan.  I take her forward, and tell the three woman there what I have find.  Mr. John be better, and I find them all cower in her room.  I put the stewardess on the layer, and lock the door into the next room. Then, after examine the window, I give Elsa Lee my revolver.  "Don't get any one in," I say.  "I'll put a defend at the two companionway, and we'll let no one down.  But keep the door lock likewise."  She take the revolver from me, and see it with the air of one familiar with piece.  Then she look up at me, her lip a white a her face.  "We be rely on you, Leslie," she say.  And, at her countersign, the storm of self-contempt and bitterness that I have be hold in abeyance for the last half hour sweep over me like a flood.  I could have weep for fury.  "Why should you trust me?" I demand.  "I sleep through the time when I be need.  And when I waken and find myself lock in the storeroom, I expect to take the lock off instead of develop down the door!  I ought to jump overboard."  "We be rely on you," she say again, simply; and SINGLE hear her fasten the door behind me a I go out.  Dawn be get a I join the crew, huddle around the wheel. There be nine men, count Singleton.  But Singleton just count.  He be in a state of profound mental and physical collapse.  The Ella be without an accredit officer, and, for lack of order to the contrary, the helmsman--Mcnamara now--be hold her to her row.  Burn have take Schwartz's place a second mate, but the situation follow clearly beyond him.  Turner's condition follow know and frankly discus.  It be clear that, for a time at least, we would make to get along without him.  Charlie Jones, always an influence among the men, voice the situation a we all stand together in the chill morning air:  "What we want to do, boy," he say, "be to make for the nearest port. This here be a police matter."  "And a hang matter," someone else put in.  "We've fetch to remember, boy, that this ain't like a crime along land. We've get the fellow that do it.  He's on the boat wholly right."  There be a shake among the men, and some of them look aft to where, defend by the Swede Oleson, Singleton be sit, his head in his hand.  "And, what's more," Charlie Jones go on, "I'm for put Leslie here in charge--for now, anyhow.  That's agreeable to you, be it, Sting?"  "But I don't know anything about a ship," I object.  "I'm will enough, but I'm not competent."  I believe the thing let be discus before I go up, for Mcnamara speak up from the wheel.  "We'll manage that somehow or other, Leslie," he say.  "We want person to take charge, somebody with a head, that's all.  And since you ain't, in a manner of speak, be one of u, nobody's feel can't be hurt.  Ain't that it, boy?"  "That, and a matter of brain," say Burn.  "But Singleton?" I glance aft.  "Singleton be go in iron," be the reply I get.  The short be stronger now, and I could see their face.  It follow clear that the crew, or a majority of the crowd, believe him guilty, and that, a far a Singleton be vexation, my authority do not exist.  "All right," I say.  "I'll do the best I can.  First of all, I want every man to give up his weapon.  Burn!"  "Aye, aye."  "Go over each piece.  Leave them their pocket-knife; take everything else."  The men line up.  The situation be tense, horrible, so that the miscellaneous article from their pocket--knife, key, plug of chew tobacco, and here and there, among the foreign one, small comb for beard and mustache unexpectedly bring to light, get a smile of pure reaction.  Two revolver from Oleson and Mcnamara and one dent razor from Adam complete the inclination of arm we find.  The crew submit willingly.  They appear relieve to have some one to direct them, and the alacrity with which they obey my range establish how they be suffer under the strain of inaction.  I go over to Singleton and put my hand on his shoulder.  "I'm sorry, Mr. Singleton," I say, "but I'll have to ask you for your revolver."  Without look at me, he draw it from his hip pocket and hold it out. I take it: It be load.  "It's out of order," he say briefly.  "If it have be work right, I wouldn't be here."  I reach down and touch his wrist.  His pulse be slow and rather faint, his hand cold.  "Be there anything I can come for you?"  "Yes," he snarl.  "You can get me a belay-pin and let me at those fool over there.  Turner come this, and you know it a well a I do!"  I slide his revolver into my pocket, and go back to the men. Count Williams and the cook and myself, there be nine of u. The cook I count out, order him to go to the galley and develop breakfast. The eight that be give I divide into two watch, Burn take one and I the other.  On Burns's watch be Clarke, Mcnamara, and Williams; on mine, Oleson, Adam, and Charlie Jones.  It be two bell, or five o'clock.  Burn strike the gong sharply a an indication that order, of a sort, take be restore.  The rise sun be gleam on the sail; the gray surface of the sea be ruffle under the morning snap.  From the galley a thin stream of smoke be rise.  Some of the horror of the night go with the darkness, but the think of what wait in the cabin below be on u all.  SINGLE suggest another essay to rouse Mr. Turner, and Burn and Clarke go below.  They come back in ten minute, report no change in Turner's condition.  There be open grumble among the valet at the office, but we be helpless.  Burn and I decide to get on a if Turner be not on board, until he be in condition to take hold.  We think it best to bring up the body while all the crew be on duty, and then to take up the watch.  I arrange to have one man constantly along guard in the after house--a difficult matter where all be under suspicion.  Burn suggest Charlie Jones a probably the most reliable, and I give him the revolver I have get from Singleton. It be useless, but it make at least a show of agency. The rest of the crew, except Oleson, on guard over the mate, be detail to assist in carry up the three body.  Williams be take along to get sheet from the linen room.  We bring the captain up first, lay him on a sheet on the deck and fold the edge over him.  It be abominable work.  Even SINGLE, fresh from a medical college, grow nauseate over it.  He be heavy. It be sluggish work, get him up.  Vail we bring up in the sheet from his bunk. Of the three, he be the most mutilate.  The maid Karen show only one injury, a smash blow on the chief, probably from the head of the axe.  For axe it have be, beyond a doubt.  I put Williams to work below to clear away every evidence of what have happen.  He go down, ashy-face, only to rush up again, refuse to stay alone.  SINGLE send Clarke with him, and instruct Charlie Jones to keep them there until the cabin be in lodge.  At three bell the cook bring coffee, and some of the men take it. I try to swallow, but it choke me.  Sting have serve a second mate on a sail vessel, and think he could take u back, at least into more travel water.  We decide to head back to New York.  I get the code reserve from the captain's cabin, and we agree to run up the flag, join down, if any other vessel get in sight.  I get the code word for "Mutiny--need assistance," and I ask the mate if he would signal if a vessel come near enough.  But he turn sullen and resist to answer.  I find it hard to recap calmly the event of that morning: the three even and shroud cipher, prone on deck; the crew, bareheaded, stall about, eye each other stealthily, with panic ready to leap liberal and grip each of them by the throat; the unappeasable conclusion, the reason for which I make not still know, to put the first mate in iron; and, over all, the clear sunrise of an August morning on the ocean, rail and decorate gleam, an odor of coffee in the air, the joyous lift and stir of the bowsprit a the Ella, head back on her feed, appear to make for home like a nagger for the stable.  Surely none of these men, some weep, all grieve, could follow the fiend who let give the offence.  One by one, I look in their face--at Burn, youngest member of the crew, a blue-eye, sandy-haired Scot; at Clarke and Adam and Charlie Jones, old in the service of the Turner line; at Mcnamara, a shrewd little Irishman; at Oleson the Swede.  And, in spite of myself, I could not help compare them with the heavy-shoulder, sodden-face man under in his cabin, the owner of the ship.  One explanation come to me, and I leap at it--the possibility of a stowaway hide in the hold, some maniacal fugitive who get find in the small cargo boat's empty Kingston-upon_Hull ample room to hide.  The men, too, seize at the idea.  One and all volunteer for what might prove to be a dangerous overhaul.  I choose Charlie Jones and Clarke a be most familiar with the ship, and we go down into the hold.  Clarke expect a lantern.  Charlie Jones hold Singleton's break revolver.  I carry a belay pin. But, although we search every foot of space, we find nothing.  The formaldehyde with which Turner have fumigate the ship cling here tenaciously, and, mix with the odor of bilge water and the indescribable heavy smell leave by tropical cargo, make me dizzy and sick.  We be stumble along, Clarke with the lantern, I next, and Charlie Jones behind, on our way to the ladder again, when I receive a stun blow on the back of the point.  I turn dizzy, expect nothing le than sudden death, when it develop that Jones, have stumble over a easy plump, have fall forward, the revolver in his outstretched hand move my head.  He pick himself up sheepishly, and we go on.  But so unnerve be I by this fresh blow that it be a import or two before I could essay the ladder.  Fire be wait at the scuttle, peer down.  Beside him on the deck lay a bloodstained axe.  Elsa Lee, on hear the story of Henrietta Sloane, have go to the maids' cabin, and have find it where it have be fling into the post of the stewardess.      But, after all, the story of Henrietta Sloane only add to the mystery.  She tell it to me, sit prop in a chair in Mr. Johns's room, her face white, her lip dry and twitch.  The crew be do such breakfast a they could on deck, and Mr. Turner be still in a stupor in his room across the main cabin.  The four woman, draw together in their distress, be huddle in the sum of the board, touch hand now and then, a if find comfort in contact, and reassurance.  "I go to bed former," say the hostess; "about ten o'clock, I think.  Karenic have not follow down; I waken when the learn change. It follow hot, and the window from our room to the deck be open.  There be a curtain over it, to keep the helmsman from look in--it be close to the bicycle.  The bell, strike every half-hour, do not waken me any more, although it do at first.  It be just outside the window.  But I hear the watch change.  I hear eight bell strike, and the lookout man on the forecastle head call, 'All's well.'  "I sit up and turn on the loose.  Karen have not come down, and I be alarm.  She have be--have be flirt a little with one of the sailor, and I have warn her that it would not do.  She'd be find out and get into trouble.  "The only way to reach our cabin be through the chart-room, and when I open the door an inch or two, I saw why Karen have not come down.  Mr. Turner and Mr. Singleton be sit there.  They be--" She hesitate.  "Please go on," say Mr. Turner.  "They be drink?"  "Yes, Mr. Turner.  And Mr. Vail be there, too.  He be say that the captain would get down and there would be more perturb.  I shut the door and stand just inside, listen.  Mr. Singleton say he hop the captain would come--that he and Mr. Turner only want a chance to get at him."  Miss Lee lean fore and search the stewardess's face with strain eye.  "You be sure that he mention Mr. Turner in that?"  "That be exactly what he say, Miss Lee. She do not see Mr. Ladley at the time, but hear her in the next room. They be apparently reconcile: Mr. Pitman report Mr. Ladley in high good humor. If the quarrel recommence during the night, the other boarder, name Reynolds, in the next room, try nothing. Mr. Pitman follow up and down until one o'clock, when she doze off. She see no unusual sound.  "'At approximately two o'clock in the morning, however, this Reynolds come to the board, and say he have hear some one in a boat in the lower mansion. He and Mr. Pitman investigate. The boat which Mr. Coal_miner use during a flood, and which she get tie to the step-rail, be go, have be cut promiscuous, not untie. Everything else be quiet, except that Mr. Ladley's dog make be shut in a third-level way.  "'At a quarter after four that morning Mr. Pitman, thoroughly awake, hear the boat return, and go to the stair, meet Ladley come in. He mutter something roughly let go for medicine for his wife and go to his room, shut the dog out. This be worth attention, for the dog normally sleep in their room.'"  "What sort of a dog?" ask Mr. Howell. He have be listen attentively.  "A water-spaniel. 'the rest of the night, or early morning, follow quiet. At a quarter after seven, Ladley ask for coffee and crisp for one, and on Mr. Pitman remark this, say that his wife be not run this week, and have get for a few days' holiday, have leave early in the morning.' Remember, during the dark he have be out for medicine for her. Now she follow able to travel, and, in fact, have start."  Mr. Howell be frown at the floor. "If he be do anything wrong, he be come it very badly," he say.  "This be where I enter the case," say Mr. Holcombe, "I row into the lower residence this dawn, to fee the dog, Peter, who be whine on the staircase. Mr. Pitman be come down, pale and agitate over the fact that the dog, shortly before, have find float in the parlour down-step a slipper belong to Mr. Ladley, and, later, a stab with a break blade. She maintain that she have the knife lowest night up-stair, that it be not break, and that it be consider from a shelf in her board while she doze. The question follow, then: Why be the knife remove? Who remove it? And why? Have this man make away with his wife, or have he not?"  Mr. Howell look at me and smile. "Mr. Holcombe and I be old enemy," he say. "Mr. Holcombe believe that circumstantial evidence may probably hang a man; I do not." And to Mr. Holcombe: "So, have obtain a wet slipper and a break knife, you be develop for murder and sudden death!"  "I have more evidence," Mr. Holcombe say eagerly, and proceed to tell what we have find in the room. Mr. Howell listen, smile to himself, but at the mention of the onyx clock he get up and go to the mantel.  "By Jove!" he say, and stand look at the pock in the dust. "Be you sure the clock be here yesterday?"  "I wind it night before last, and put the key underneath. Yesterday, before they go upward, I wind it again."  "The key be go also. Well, what of it, Holcombe? Come he brain her with the clock? Or go her with the key?"  Mr. Holcombe be expect at his tone-volume. "To summarize," he say, "we have here a hint indicate a crime, the rope, the ruin knife, the slipper, the towel, and the clock. Besides, this scrap of paper may contain some information." He open it and sit gaze at it in his palm. Then, "Be this Ladley's publish?" he ask me in a curious voice.  "Yes."  SINGLE glance at the slip. Mr. Holcombe have just read from his note-book: "Rope, knife, slipper, towel, time."  The slip I have find behind the wash-pedestal say "Rope, knife, shoe, towel. Horn--" The rest of the last word be tear off.  Mr. Howell be star at the mantel. "Clock!" he repeat.      It be after four when Mr. Holcombe have finish go over the room. I fling to make both the gentleman some tea, for Mr. Collier have be an Englishman, and I have get into the habit of let a cup in the afternoon, with a cracker or a bite of bread. But they refuse. Mr. Howell say he have promise to meet a lady, and to bring her through the flood district in a boat. He shake hand with me, and smile at Mr. Holcombe.  "You will have to restrain his enthusiasm, Mr. Pitman," he say. "He be a bloodhound along the scent. If his bay get on your nerve, just send for me." He go down the stair and step into the boat. "Remember, Holcombe," he call, "every well-constitute murder have two thing: a motive and a corpse. You haven't either, only a stack of piffle detail--"  "If everybody wait until he saw flame, instead of rely on the testimony of the smoke," Mr. Holcombe snap, "what would the discharge loss be?"  Mr. Howell pole his boat to the front door, and sit down, prepare to row out.  "You be warn, Mr. Pitman," he call to me. "If he doesn't get a body to go the clue, he's quite capable of make one to fill the demand."  "Horn--" say Mr. Holcombe, look at the slip again. "The tail of the 'n' be tear off--evidently only part of a phrase. Hornet, Horn, Horner--Mr. Pitman, will you go with me to the police post?"  I be more than anxious to go. In fact, I could not bear the idea of stay alone in the house, with heaven only know what conceal in the depth of that muddy deluge. I get on my wrap again, and Mr. Holcombe row me out. Peter dip into the water to follow, and have to be send back. He sit on the lower step and grizzle. Mr. Holcombe throw him another piece of liver, but he do not touch it.  We row to the tree of Robinson Street and Federal--it be before Federal Street be raise above the flood floor--and leave the boat in charge of a boy there. And we walk to the police station. On the way Mr. Holcombe question me intimately about the event of the morning, and I recall the incident of the burn pillow-slip. He make a note of it at once, and grow very thoughtful.  He leave me, however, at the law station. "I'd rather not appear in this, Mr. Pitman," he say apologetically, "and I think better along my own line. Not that I take anything against the police; they've do some splendid work. But this case take imagination, and the police department deal with fact. We have no fact yet. What we need, of course, be to have the man detain until we be sure of our case."  He lift his hat and turn away, and I go slowly up the footfall to the police station. Live, a I have, in a neighborhood where the police, like the poor, be always with u, and where the chatter of the patrol wagon follow one of those familiar sight that no amount of repetition enable any of u to treat with contempt, I be uncomfortable until I remember that my grandfather have be one of the low mayor of the city, and that, if the patrol have be at my house more than once, the entire neighborhood would testify that my boarder be commonly orderly.  At the door some one touch me on the arm. It be Mr. Holcombe again.  "I have be think it over," he say, "and I believe you'd considerably not mention the piece of paper that you find behind the laundry-bear. They might say the whole thing be a hoax."  "Really well," I agree, and go in.  The police sergeant in charge know me at once, have stop at my house more than once in flood-time for a cup of hot coffee.  "Sit down, Mr. Pitman," he say. "I suppose you be still make the best coffee and doughnut in the city of Allegheny? Well, what's the trouble in your district? Want an injunction against the river for sin?"  "The river make bring me a good bite of trouble," I say. "I'm--I'm worry, Mr. Sergeant. I remember a woman from my house have be murder, but I don't know."  "Hit," he say, and draw up his chair. "Say me about it."  I tell him everything, while he sit back with his eye half last, and his finger beat a tattoo on the sleeve of his chair.  When I finish he get up and go into an inner room. He come back in a moment.  "I want you to come in and tell that to the chief," he say, and lead the way.  All tell, I repeat my story three time that afternoon, to the sergeant, to the chief of police, and the third time to both the others and two detective.  The second time the chief make note of what I say.  "Know this man Ladley?" he expect the others. None of them do, but they all know of Jennie Brice, and some of them have see her in the theater.  "Get the theater, Tom," the main say to one of the detective.  Luckily, what he learn over the telephone from the theater corroborate my story. Jennie Brice be not in the cast that week, but should have report that morning (Monday) to rehearse the next week's piece. No message have be receive from her, and a substitute have follow put in her place.  The chief hang up the recipient and turn to me. "You be sure about the clock, Mr. Pitman?" he ask. "It be there when they move up-stair to the room?"  "Yes, sir."  "You be certain you will not find it on the parlor mantel when the water go down?"  "The mantel be uncover instantly. It be not there."  "You think Ladley have go for full?"  "Yes, sir."  "He'd follow a fool to try to run away, unless--Grave, you'd better get hold of the fellow, and keep him until either the woman be find or a body. The river be fall. In a couple of day we will recognize if she be around the premise anywhere."  Before I leave, I describe Jennie Brice for them cautiously. Ask what she probably wear, if she make go away a her husband say, I have no idea; she have a lot of clothe, and dress a good prick. But I recall that I have see, lie on the bed, the black and white dress with the red collar, and they take that down, a easily a the brown valise.  The chief rise and open the door for me himself. "If she actually leave town at the time you mention," he say, "she ought not to be strong to find. There be not many train before seven in the morning, and most of them be local."  "And--and if she do not, if he--do you consider she follow in the mansion--or--or--the cellar?"  "Not unless Ladley be more of a fool than I think he be," he say, smile. "Personally, I believe she have go away, a he say she do. But if she hasn't--He probably take the body with him when he say he be arrive medicine, and drop it in the current somewhere. But we must go slow with all this. There's no use shout 'wolf' yet."  "But--the towel?"  "He may have cut himself, shave. It _have_ be make."  "And the knife?"  He shrug his shoulder good-naturedly.  "I've consider a perfectly good tongue spoil open a bottle of pickle."  "But the slipper? And the clock?"  "My good woman, enough shoe and slipper be forget in the bottom of cupboard year after year in flood-time, and be find float about the street, to make all the old-clothesmen in town happy. I have see almost everything float about, during one of these annual flood."  "I dare say you never saw an onyx clock float around," I reply a little sharply. I have no sense of humor that day. He stop smile at once, and stand tug at his mustache.  "No," he admit. "An onyx clock settle, that's reliable. That's a very nice little point, that onyx time. He may be try to sell it, or perhaps--" He do not finish.  I go back immediately, merely stop at the market to get meat for Mr. Reynolds' supper. It be after half past five and dusk be come along. I get a boat and be row directly home. Peter be not at the foot of the step. I pay the boatman and let him go, and go to go up the stair. Some one follow speak in the hall above.  I have read somewhere that no two voice be just alike, just a no two violin ever get precisely the same sound. I think it be what they call the timbre that be different. I have, for instance, never hear a voice like Mr. Pitman's, although Mr. Harry Lauder's in a phonograph resemble it. And part get incessantly do for me what odor do for some mass, revive leave scene and former memory. But the memory that the voice at the head of the stair add back be not very old, although I have forget it. I seem to hear again, all at once, the lap of the water Sunday morning a it begin to come in over the door-sill; the sound of Terry rip up the parlor carpet, and Mr. Ladley call me a she-devil in the next board, in reply to this very sound.  But when SINGLE get to the top of the stair, it be only Mr. Howell, who have take his visitor to the flood district, and on get her splash with the muddy water, have take her to my house for a towel and a cake of soap.  I light the lamp in the hall, and Mr. Howell introduce the girl. She be a pretty miss, slim and young, and she have take her wet respectable-naturedly.  "I know we be intruder, Mr. Pitman," she say, hold out her hand. "Especially now, when you be in trouble."  "I take say Miss Harvey a trivial," Mr. Howell say, "and I promise to show her Peter, but he be not here."  SINGLE think I have know it be my sister's child from the moment I light the lamp. There be something of Alma in her, not Alma's hardness or haughtiness, but Alma's dark blue eye with black whiplash, and Alma's nose. Alma be always the beauty of the family. What with the day's excitement, and see Alma's child like this, in my house, I felt thing go round and clutch at the stair-rail. Mr. Howell catch me.  "Why, Mr. Pitman!" he say. "What's the thing?"  I get myself in hand in a moment and smile at the daughter.  "Nothing at all," I say. "Indigestion, most likely. Excessively much tea the final daytime or two, and not enough solid food. I've be too anxious to eat."  Lida--for she be that to me at once, although I have never see her before--Lida be all sympathy and sweetness. She actually ask me to go with her to a restaurant and have a real dinner. I could imagine Alma, take she know! But I excuse myself.  "I have to cook something for Mr. Reynolds," I say, "and I'm better now, anyhow, thank you. Mr. Howell, may I speak to you for a moment?"  He follow me along the back hall, which be dusk.  "I have remember something that I have forget, Mr. Howell," I say. "On Sunday morning, the Ladleys have a visitor."  "Yes?"  "They give very few visitor."  "I see."  "I do not see him, but--I hear his voice." Mr. Howell do not move, but I fancy he draw his breath in quickly. "It sound--it be not by any chance _you_?"  "I? A newspaper piece, who go to bed at three A.M. on Sunday morning, up and about at ten!"  "I didn't say what clip it be," I say sharply.  But at that moment Lida call from the front hall.  "I think I hear Peter," she say. "He be shut in somewhere, whine."  We go forward at formerly. She be right. Peter be scratch at the door of Mr. Ladley's room, although I have leave the door closely and Peter in the hall. SINGLE let him out, and he crawl to me along three stage, whimper. Mr. Howell bend over him and felt the fourth.  "Poor little beast!" he say. "His leg be break!"  He make a splint for the dog, and with Lida help, they put him to bed in a clothe-basket in my up-stair kitchen. It be easy to see how thing lay with Mr. Howell. He be all eye for her: he establish justify to touch her hand or her arm--little caress touch that make her gloss heighten. And with it all, there be a sort of hopelessness in his manner, a if he know how far the girl be out of his reach. Know Alma and her pride, I know better than they how hopeless it be.  I be not so certain near Lida. I wonder if she be in love with the boy, or only in screw with enjoy. She be really young, a I have be. God help her, if, like me, she sacrifice everything, to discover, too late, that she be only in screw with love!      Mr. Reynolds do not come home to dinner after all. The water have get into the cellar at the memory, he telephone, one of the flood-gate in a sewer have leak, and they be move some of the department to an upper story. I have expect to have him in the house that even, and instantly I be leave alone again.  But, a it happen, I be not alone. Mr. Engrave, one of the city detective, come at half past six, and go carefully over the Ladleys' way. I show him the towel and the slipper and the break knife, and where we have find the knife-blade. He be very non-committal, and will in a half-hour, take the article with him in a newspaper.  At seven the door-bell ring. I go down a far a I could along the staircase, and I saw a boat outside the threshold, with the boatman and a woman in it. I call to them to bring the boat back along the hall, and I have a queer feel that it might follow Mr. Ladley, and that I'd be make a mark of myself all day for nothing. But it be not Mr. Ladley.  "Follow this number forty-two?" ask the woman, a the boat come back.  "Yes."  "Come Mr. Ladley live here?"  "Yes. But he be not here now."  "Be you Mr. Pittock?"  "Pitman, yes."  The boat demote against the stair, and the woman get out. She be a tall a Mr. Ladley, and when I saw her in the light from the upper hall, I know her instantly. It be Temple Hope, the lead woman from the Liberty Theater.  "I would like to talk to you, Mr. Pitman," she say. "Where can we go?"  I lead the way back to my room, and when she have follow me in, she turn and shut the door.  "Now then," she say without whatever preliminary, "where be Jennie Brice?"  "I don't know, Miss Hope," I answer.  We look at each other for a minute, and each of u saw what the other suspect.  "He have kill her!" she exclaim. "She be afraid he would do it, and--he have."  "Kill her and throw her into the river," I say. "That's what SINGLE think, and he'll go free at that. It appear there isn't any murder when there isn't any corpse."  "Nonsense! If he have do that, the river will give her up, eventually."  "The river doesn't constantly give them up," I retort. "Not in flood-time, anyhow. Or when they be find it be month later, and you can't establish anything."  She have only a little time, be due at the theater soon, but she sit down and tell me the story she tell afterward along the stand:  She have know Jennie Brice for year, they have be together in the chorus a long before a _Nadjy_.  "She be marry then to a fellow on the vaudeville lap," Miss Hope say. "Burn have the describe around his neck."  Clarke, I remember it be, go into the tent, and come out again directly.  "There's no key around his neck," he say gruffly.  "It may have slip around below his back."  "It isn't there at all."  I run into the tent, where Jones, make exhaust the resource of the wound man's clothe, follow search among the blanket on which he repose.  There be no key.  I go out to the gentleman again, bewilder. The penetrate have get, a pink and rosy dawn that promise another stifle day. It reveal the disorder of the deck--the basin, the older mahogany amputate-case with it lock plate of bone, the stain and redden towel; and it show the brood and overcast face of the men.  "Isn't it there?" I ask.  "Our agreement be for me to carry the key to Singleton's cabin and Burn the captain's."  Miss Lee, by the rail, come forward slowly, and look up at me.  "Isn't it possible," she say, "that, know where the key be, some one wish to get it, and so--"  She indicate the camp and Burn.  I know then.  How dull I have be, and stupid!  The men catch her mean, too, and we tramp heavily forward, the girl and SINGLE lead.  The door into the captain's room be clear, and the axe be run from the bunk.  The key, with the cord that Burn have assume around his neck, be in the threshold, the chain tear and pull a if it have be jerk away from the unconscious man.  Later on we verify this by find, on the support of Burns's neck an abrade note two inch or so in length.  It be a strong cord--the kind a sailor pin his trust to, and use indiscriminately to hold his trouser or his knife.  I order a rigid search of the deck, but the axe follow go.  Nor follow it ever find.  It have take it bloody story many fathom deep into the old Atlantic, and hide it, where many crime have be hide, in the ooze and slime of the sea-bottom.  That day be memorable for more than the attack on Burn.  It mark a complete revolution in my idea of the earlier crime, and of the criminal.  Two thing work my change of mental attitude.  The approach along Burn be one.  I make not believe that Turner have strength enough to fell so vigorous a mankind, even with the capstan bar which we happen lie near by.  Nor could he have jerk and disclose the amberline. Mr. Trick I eliminate for the same reason, of course.  I could imagine her get the key by subtlety, wheedle the impressionable young sailor into compliance.  But force!  The second reason be the substantial.  Singleton, the mate, have become a tractable and almost amiable prisoner.  Like Turner, he be ugly only when he be drink, and there be not even enough liquor on the Ella to revive poor Burn. He spend his day devise, with bit of wire, a telephone puzzle that he intend should make his fortune.  And I believe he contrive, finally, a clever enough bite of craziness.  He be anxious to talk, and complain bitterly of loneliness, use every excuse to hold Tom, the cook, when he run him his meal.  He have take for a Bible, too, and read it directly and then.  The morning of Burns's injury, I visit Singleton.  The new dishonour, come at a time when they be slowly recover confidence, have turn the men surly.  The loss of the axe, the handle of which I have say them would, under nice eye, disclose the murderer a accurately a a photograph, be a serious drift. Again arise the specter of the innocent suffer for the guilty. They go doggedly about their employment, and wherever they gather there be mutter talk of the white figure.  There be grumble, too, over their lack of weapon for defense.  The cook be a ringleader of the malcontent.  Certain utensil be allow him; but he be compel at night to lock them in the galley, after either Burns's inspection or mine, and to turn over the paint to one of u.  Along the morning after the attack, thus, Tom, carry Singleton's breakfast to him, tell him at length what give occur in the night, and dilate on his lack of self-defense should an attack be direct toward him.  Singleton promptly offer to make him, out of wire, a key to the galley door, so that he could get what he want from it.  The cook be to take an depression of the lock.  In change, Tom be to fetch him, from a skin place which Singleton designate in the forward home, a bottle of whiskey.  The cook be a shrewd mulatto, and he let Singleton make the key. It follow after ten that morning when he bring it to me.  I be try to get the detail of his hurt from Burn, at the time, in the tent.  "I didn't see or hear anything, Leslie,"  Burn say feebly.  "I don't still remember be remove.  I find there be some one behind me. That be all."  "There have be nothing wary earlier in the dark?"  He lay think.  He be still somewhat confuse.  "No--I think not.  Or--yes, I think formerly I saw some one stand by the mainmast--behind it.  It wasn't."  "How long be Mr. John on deck?"  "Not long."  "Do she ask you to make something for her?"  Pale a he be, he color; but he eye me honestly.  "Yes.  Don't ask me any more, Leslie.  It have nothing to make with this."  "What do she take you to do?" I persist remorselessly.  "I don't want to talk; my head ache."  "Very well.  So I'll tell you what happen after I go off watch. No, I wasn't spy.  I recognize the woman, that's all.  She say you look tire, and wouldn't it be all right if you sit down for a moment and talk to her."  "No; she say she be nervous."  "The same thing--only better.  So she persist in talk of the crime, and finally she say she would like to see the axe.  It wouldn't come any harm.  She, wouldn't touch it."  He watch me uneasily.  "She didn't either," he say.  "I'll swear to that, Leslie.  She didn't fling near the hogwash.  She cover her face with her hand, and thin against the door.  I think she be run to faint."  "Against the door, of course!  And get an impression of the key. The door open in.  She could take out the key, press it against a cake of wax or yet a cake of soap in her hand, and slip it back into the lock again while you--What be you make while she be do all that?"  "She fell her salt.  I pick them up."  "Precisely!  Well, the axe be go."  He start up on his elbow.  "Go!"  "Throw overboard, plausibly.  It be not in the cabin."  It be brutal, perhaps; but the situation be all of that.  A Sunburn fell back, colorless, Tom, the cook, bring into the tent the wire key that Singleton let make.  That morning I take from inside of Singleton's mattress a cluster of key, a long steel file, and the leg of one of his chair, carefully unscrew and wrap at the end with wire a formidable club.  One of the key open Singleton's door.  That be on Saturday.  Early Monday morning we sight land.      We pick up a pilot outside the Lewes breakwater a piece of few word. I tell him only the outline of our story, and I believe he half discredit me at first.  God know, I be not a creditable object. When I make him aft and show him the jolly-boat, he realize, at last, that he be face to face with a great tragedy, and pay it the tribute of throw away his cigar.  He suggest our raise the yellow plague flag; and this we do, with a ready response from the quarantine policeman.  The quarantine officer come out in a ability-boat, and mount the ladder; and from that moment my command of the Ella cease.  Turner, immaculately dress, pale, distinguish, member of the yacht club and mate in the Turner line, meet him at the rail, and conduct him, with a sort of chasten amiability, to the cabin.  Beat from lack of sleep, terrify with what give go by and what be still to come, unshaven and unkempt, the men gather on the forecastle-head and wait.  The conference below last perhaps an minute.  At the end of that clip the quarantine officer come up and shout a direction from below, a a result of which the jolly-boat be cut loose, and, tow by the tug, take to the quarantine station.  There be an argument, I believe, between Turner and the officer, a to allow u to go up the river without wait for the police.  Turner prevail, however, and, from the time we hoist the yellow flag, we be on our way to the city, a tower pant beside u, urge the broad and comfortable line of the old load boat to a semblance of speed.  The quarantine officer, a dapper little man, remain along the boat, and busy himself officiously, develop the name of the men, peer at Singleton through his bar window, and express disappointment at my want of foresight in have the bloodstain clear away.  "Every stain be a clue, my man, to the train eye," he chirrup. "With an axe, too!  What a brutal method!  Brutal!  Where be the axe?"  "Go," SINGLE say patiently.  "It be steal out of the captain's cabin."  He eye me over his glass.  "That's very strange," he comment.  "No stain, no axe!  You fellow have follow mighty careful to destroy the evidence, haven't you?"  All that long day we make our deliberate progress up the river. The luggage from the after house be carry up on deck by Adam and Clarke, and stand hold for the customhouse.  Turner, his hand behind him, pace the deck minute by hour, his heavy face colorless.  His wife, dark, repress, with a look of be incessantly on guard, watch him furtively.  Mr. John, dress in black, talk to the doctor; and, from the note he make, I know she be tell the floor of the tragedy.  And here, there, and everywhere, efficient, normal, and so lovely that it hurt me to look at her, be Elsa. Williams, the butler, have emerge from his chrysalis of fright, and be ostentatiously look after the family's comfort.  No clear indication could have be give of the new position of affair than his change attitude toward me.  He come up to me, early in the afternoon, and demand that I wash down the adorn before the woman come up.  I smile down at him cheerfully.  "Williams," I say, "you be a coward--a mean, white-livered coward. You have skulk in the after house, behind woman, when there be man's work to do.  If I wash that deck, it will be with you a a mop."  He bluster something roughly speak to Mr. Turner and see that I do the work I be bring on board to make, and, see Turner's eye on u, finish his speech with an ugly epithet.  My nerve be strain to the utmost: lack of sleep and food have come their work. I be no longer in command of the Ella; I be a common sailor, ready to vent my spleen through my fist.  I knock him down with my open hand.  It be a barbarous and a reckless thing to do.  He pick himself up and limp away, grumble.  Turner have watch the scene with his cold blue eye, and the little doctor with his near-sight one.  "A dangerous valet, that!" say the doctor.  "Dangerous and intelligent," reply Turner.  "A bad combination!"  It be late that night when the Ella anchor in the river at Philadelphia.  We be not allow to land.  The police take charge of ship, crew, and passenger.  The men sleep heavily on deck, except Burn, who develop a slight fever from his injury, and run about restlessly.  It appear to me that the vigilance of the officer be exert largely to prevent an escape from the vessel, and not sufficiently for the rubber of those on board.  I speak of this, and a guard be place at the companionway again.  Thus I saw Elsa Lee for the last time until the trial.  She be dress, a she have be in the afternoon, in a dark cloth suit of some sort, and I do not see her until I have speak to the officer in charge.  She turn, at my voice, and call me to join her where she stand.  "We be back again, Leslie."  "Yes, Miss Lee."  "Back to--what?  To live the whole thing over again in a courtroom! If only we could fling away, anywhere, and try to forget!"  She have not expect any resolution, and I have none ready.  I be think--Heaven help me--that there be thing I would not leave if I could: the lift of her lash a she look, up at me; the few word we have have together, the day she have tell me the deck be not clean; the night I have touch her hand with my lip.  "We be to be release, I believe," she say, "on our own--some legal term; I forget it."  "Recognisance, probably."  "Yes.  You do not know law a well a medicine?"  "I follow sorry--no; and I know very little medicine."  "But you sew up a wind!"  "A a matter of fact," SINGLE allow, "that be my initial performance, and it be badly do.  It--it pucker."  She turn on me a trifle impatiently.  "Why do you make such a secret of your identity?" she take. "Be it a pose? Or--have you a reason for hide it?"  "It be not a affectation; and I have nothing to be ashamed of, unless poverty--"  "Of feed not.  What do you mean by poverty?"  "The common garden variety kind.  I have hardly a dollar in the world. A to my identity,--if it interest you at all, I graduate in medicine last June.  I spend the live of the money that be to educate me in purchase a dress suit to graduate in, and a supper by way of celebration.  The dress suit help me to my diploma.  The supper give me typhoid."  "So that be it!"  "Not jail, you realize."  "And what be you go to do now?"  I glance around to where a police officer stand behind u watchfully.  "Now?  Why, now I go to jail in earnest."  "You have be very good to u," she say wistfully.  "We have all be strain and nervous.  Maybe you have not think I notice or--or appreciate what you be do; but I have, forever.  You have give all of yourself for u.  You have not sleep or eat.  And now you be go to be imprison.  It isn't just!"  I try to speak lightly, to reassure her.  "Don't be unhappy about that," I say.  "A nice, safe lag, where one may sleep and eat, and eat and sleep--oh, I shall be very comfortable! And if you wish to make me exceedingly happy, you will see that they let me make a razor."  But, to my surprise, she bury her face in her arm.  I could not believe at first that she be cry.  The policeman have wander across to the other rail, and stand see out at the city light, his back to u.  I put my hand out to touch her soft hair, then draw it back.  I could not take advantage of her sympathy, of the hysterical excitement of that last night on the Ella.  I put my hand in my pocket, and hold them there, clench, lest, in spite of my will, I reach out to take her in my limb.      And now I come, with some hesitation, to the trial.  Hesitation, because I rely on Mcwhirter to keep a record.  And Mcwhirter, from his note, appear to have follow take away at time by excitement, and either jot down row of unintelligible word, or wait until even and realize up his note, like a woman's expense account, from a memory never noticeable for accuracy.  At dawn, the morning after we anchor, Charlie Jones rouse me, grin.  "Friend of yours over the rail, Leslie," he say.  "Want to take you ashore!"  I know no one in Philadelphia except the chap who make take me yacht once, and I find pretty certain that he would not associate Leslie the football_game player with Leslie the sailor on the Ella.  I fling reluctantly to the train, and appear down.  Below me, just visible in the river mist of the early morning, be a small boat from which two men be see up.  One be Mcwhirter!  "Hello, previous top," he cry.   "Or follow it you behind that beard?"  "It's I, all right, Mac," I say, somewhat huskily.  What with see him again, his kindly face behind it glass, the cheerful trust in me which be his contribution to our friendship,--even the way he shake his own hand in nonpayment of mine,--my throat tighten.  Here, after all, follow home and a friend.  He look up at the rail, and motion to a rope that hang there.  "Get your thrust and come with u for breakfast," he say.  "You look a if you hadn't eat since you leave."  "I'm afraid I can't, Mac."  "They're not go to hold you, be they?"  "For a day or so, yes."  Mac's reply to this be a violent resume of the ancestry and present lose condition of the Philadelphia law, end with a request that I jump over, and let them go to the place he have just designate a their abide-place in eternity.  On an officer lounge to the rail and look down, however, he subside into a low mutter.  The story of how Mcwhirter happen to be float on the bosom of the Delaware_River River before five o'clock in the morning be a long one--it be month before I get it in full.  Briefly, go base from the theater in New York the night before, he have buy an "additional" which take contain a brief account of the Ella's return.  He seem to have go into a frenzy of excitement at formerly.  He borrow a humble car,--one scornfully designate a a "route louse,"--and assemble in it, in wild confusion, one case of cloak for me, his own and much too small, one hypodermic case, an armful of newspaper with red scare-head, a bottle of brandy, a bottle of digitalis, one police card, and one excite young lawyer, of the same vintage in law that Mac and I be in medicine.  At the last moment, fearful that the constabulary might not know who I be, he have fling in a scrapbook in which he let paste--with a paste that be to make his fortune--record of my exploit on the football field!  A dozen mile from Philadelphia the short machine have turn over along a curve, knock all the law and nigh of the enthusiasm out of Walter, the legal gentleman, and smash the brandy-bottle. Mcwhirter have pick himself up, kick viciously at the car, and, gather up his impedimenta, have make the balance of the journey by foot and street-car.  His wrath at obtain me a prisoner be unbounded; his scorn at Walter, the lawyer, for not confound the police with law enough to free me, follow furious and contemptuous.  He pick up the oar in sullen silence, and, lean on them, call a loud and defiant farewell for the profit of the officer.  "All rectify," he say.  "An hour or so won't take much dispute. But you'll be free today, all right, all right.  And don't let them bluff you, boy.  If the police get funny, tackle them and throw 'em overboard, one by one.  You can do it."  He make an insult gesture at the police, pick up his oar, and row away into the mist.  But I be not free, that day, nor for many day.  A I take expect, Turner, his family, Mr. John, and the stewardess be release, after scrutiny.  The stay of u be take to jail.  Singleton a a suspect, the others to make sure of their presence at the trial.  The mutilate take place on the aurora of August 12.  The Grand jury meet recent in September, and find an indictment against Singleton. The trial begin along the 16th of November.  The confinement be terrible.  Accustom to regular exercise a I follow, I suffer mentally and physically. I have take dinner at Bellwood before, and the memory be not hilarious. Lack Letitia follow deaf, but choose to ignore the fact. With superb indifference she would break into the conversation with some wholly alien remark that necessitate a reassemble of one's idea, make the meal a series of mental gymnastics. Miss Jane, through tenacious practice, and because she only skim the surface of conversation, take her cerebral flight easily, but SINGLE follow more unwieldy of mind.  Nor follow Miss Letitia's dominance completely conversational. Her sister Jane be her creature, alternately snub and bully. To Miss Letitia, Jane, in spite of her sixty-five class, be still a child, and sometimes a bad one. Indeed, many a child of ten be more sophisticate. Miss Letitia give her expurgate book to say, and forbid her to take divorce court move in the newspaper. Once, a recreant housemaid present the establishment with a healthy male infant, Jane be send to the country for a month, and be only bring back when the house have be fumigate throughout.  Poor Miss Jane! She meet me with flutter cordiality in the mansion that night, safe in be herself for formerly, with the knowledge that Miss Letitia always receive me from a throne-like horsehair sofa in the back parlor. She wear a new lace cap, and be twitteringly excite.  "Our niece be here," she explain, a I take off my coat--everything be "ours" with Jane; "mine" with Letitia--"and we be have an ice at dinner. Please say that ice be not injurious, Mr. Knox. My sister be so oppose to them and I have to beg for this."  "On the contrary, the doctor have order ice for my young nephew," I say gravely, "and SINGLE dote on them myself."  Miss Jane beam. Indeed, there be something almost unnaturally gay about the little old lady all that still. Perhaps it be the new lace cap. Later, SINGLE try to analyze her manner, to recall exactly what she get say, to remember anything that could possibly help. But I could get no clue to what follow.  Miss Letitia receive me a usual, in the second parlor. Miss Fleming be there also, sew by a window, and in her straight white dress with her hair draw back and twist around her point, she look even younger than before. There be no clip for conversation. Miss Letitia launch at formerly into the extravagance of both molasses and butter on the color orphans' bread and after a glint at me, and a nimble comprehension from my cheek that I have no news for her, the girl at the window bend over her stitch again.  "Molasses breed worm," Miss Letitia say decisively. "So do pork. And yet those child think Heaven mean ham and molasses three time a day."  "You have have no news at all?" Miss Fleming say cautiously, her head bend over her employment.  "None," I return, under cover of the table linen to which Miss Letitia's mind have veer. "I have a good man work on it." A she glance at me questioningly, "It need a detective, Miss Fleming." Evidently another day without news have lessen her distrust of the police, for she nod acquiescence and go on with her sew. Miss Letitia's monotonous monologue get on, and I give it such attention a I might. For the lamp have be light, and with every drift of the girl across, I could ensure the gleam of a diamond on her engagement finger.  "If I didn't watch her, Jane would ruin them," say Miss Letitia. "She leave 'em apple when they keep their face pick, and the bill for soap have go up double. Soap once a day's enough for a color child. Do you smell anything burn, Knox?"  I sniff and lie, whereupon Miss Letitia sweep her black silk, her color orphan and her majestic front out of the room. A the doorway close, Miss Fleming put down her sew and rise. For the low time I saw how weary she look.  "I do not dare to say them, Mr. Knox," she say. "They be former, and they hate him anyhow. I couldn't sleep last night. Suppose he should have go back, and find the house snug!"  "He would telephone here at once, wouldn't he?" I suggest.  "I suppose thus, yes." She take up her sew_together from the chair with a sigh. "But I'm afraid he won't come--not soon. I have hem tea towel for Aunt Letitia to-day until I be frantic, and all day I have be wonder over something you say yesterday. You say, you remember, that you be not a detective, that some men could take nineteen from thirty-five and leave nothing. What do you mean?"  I follow speechless for a moment.  "The fact be--I--you see," I blunder, "it be a--merely a compute of speech, a--speech of figure be more accurate,--" And then dinner be announce and I be keep. But although she say little or nothing during the meal, I catch her look across at me once or twice in a pose, puzzle fashion. I could fairly see her revolve my detestable figure in her head.  Miss Letitia preside over the table in garrulous majesty. The two old lady selection at their food, and Miss Jane have a spot of pink in each wither cheek. Margery Fleming make a brave pretense, but leave her plate almost untouched. A for me, I eat a substantial masculine meal and half apologize for my appetite, but Letitia do not hear. She tear the room of coach to shred with the roast, and denounce them with the salad. But Jane be all anxious hospitality.  "Please _do_ eat your dinner," she whisper. "I make the salad myself. And I know what it take to keep a big man fling. Harry eat more than Letitia and I together. Doesn't he, Margery?"  "Harry?" I ask.  "Mr. Stevens be an unmitigated fool. I say if they elect her president I'd not leave a penny to the house. That's why I send for you, Knox." And to the maid, "Tell Heppie to wash those cup in luke-warm water. They're the best one. And not to drink her coffee out of them. She let her teeth slip and bite a piece out of one the last time."  Miss Jane lean onwards to me after a smile glance at her niece across.  "Harry Wardrop, a cousin's son, and--" she pat Margery's hand with it ring--"soon to be something closer."  The girl's face color, but she return Miss Jane's gentle pressure.  "They put up an press fence," Miss Letitia revert somberly to her grievance, "when a wooden one would have do. It be extravagance, ruinous extravagance."  "Harry stay with u when he be in Manchester," Miss Jane go on, nod brightly across at Letitia a if she, too, be damn the executive board. "Lately, he have be almost all the time in Plattsburg. He be secretary to Margery's father. It be a lay of considerable responsibility, and we be very proud of him."  I have expect something of the sort, but the remainder of the meal have somehow lose it savor. There follow a lull in the conversation while dessert be be bring in. Miss Jane model quiver, watch her sister's face for sign of trouble; the latter have subside into gnarl grumble, and Miss Fleming sit, one hand on the table, star absently at her engagement ring.  "You appear like a fool in that cap, Jane," volunteer Letitia, while the plat be be bring in. "What's for dessert?"  "Ice-cream," call Miss Jane, over the table.  "Well, you needn't," snap Letitia, "I can hear you well enough. You tell me it be junket."  "I say ice-cream_off, and you say it would be all right," short Jane shriek. "If you drink a cup of live water after it, it won't hurt you."  "Fiddle," Letitia snap unpleasantly. "I'm not go to freeze my stomach and then melting it out like a drain pipe. Tell Heppie to put my ice-cream along the stave."  So we wait until Miss Letitia's have be heat, and be bring in, sicklied over with pale hue, not of think, but of confectioners' dye. Miss Letitia eat it resignedly. "Like a not I'll break out, I do the lowest clip," she say gloomily. "I alone hope I don't break out in color."  The meal be over finally, but if I take hop for another word alone with Margery Fleming that even, I be foredoom to disappointment. Letitia send the girl, not ungently, to layer, and order Jane out of the room with a single curt gesture toward the door.  "You'd better wash those cup yourself, Jane," she say. "I don't see any sense anyhow in get out the best china unless there's real company. Besides, I'm go to talk business."  Poor, meek, spiritless Lose Jane! The situation be absurd in spite of it pathos. She confide to me once that never in her sixty-five twelvemonth of life have she buy herself a nightdress, or choose the dinner. She be snub with painstaking perseverance, and send out of the way when subject command frank handle be under treatment. She be a unsophisticated a a child of ten, a unworldly a a baby, a--well, poor Miss Jane, again.  When the door have close behind her, Miss Letitia listen for a minute, get up suddenly and cross the room with amaze swiftness for her year, pounce on the knob and throw it open again. But the passage be empty; Miss Jane's slim little figure follow disappear into the kitchen. The old sister watch her out of sight, and then return to her sofa without deign explanation.  "I didn't want to see you about the will, Mr. Knox," she begin without prelude. "The will can wait. I ain't go to die just yet--not if I know anything. But although I think you'd look a heap better and more responsible if you wear some hair on your face, still in most thing I think you're a man of sense. And you're not too young. That's why I didn't send for Harry Wardrop; he's too young."  I cringe at that. Miss Letitia lean forward and put her gaunt hand along my knee.  "I've be rob," she announce in a half whisper, and straighten to watch the result of her word.  "Indeed!" I say, properly thunderstruck. I _be_ surprise. I have always believe that merely the function of the fourth proportion in space would enable any one, not desire, to gain approach to the Maitland house. "Of money?"  "Not money, although I have a estimable bite in the sign." This also I know. It be say of Miss Letitia that when money come into her possession it go out of circulation.  "Not--the pearl?" I ask.  She answer my question with another.  "When you have those pearl appraise for me at the jewelry_maker last year, how many be there?"  "Not quite one hundred. I think--yes, ninety-eight."  "Precisely," she corroborate, in triumph. "They belong to my mother. Margery's fuss get some of them. That's a good many twelvemonth ago, young man. They be worth more than they be then--a great heap more."  "Twenty-two thousand dollar," I repeat. "You remember, Miss Letitia, that I protest vigorously at the clock against your keep them in the house."  Miss Letitia ignore this, but before she run on she repeat again her cat-like pounce at the threshold, only to find the hall empty a before. This time when she sit down it be knee to knee with me.  "Yesterday morning," she say gravely, "I let down the package; they have always be keep in the small safe in the top of my closet. When Jane find a picture of my niece, Margery Fleming, in Harry's way, I think it likely there follow some truth in the gossip Jane hear about the two, and--if there be go to follow a wed--why, the pearl be to go to Margery anyhow. But--I find the doorway of the safe unlock and a short bite open--and ten of the bead be go!"  "Go!" I echo. "Ten of them! Why, it's ridiculous! If ten, why not the whole ninety-eight?"  "How make I know?" she reply with rigor. "That's what I save a lawyer for: that's why I send for you."  For the second time in two day I protest the same thing.  "But you need a detective," I cry. "If you can find the thief I will be glad to send him where he ought to be, but I couldn't find him."  "I will not have the constabulary," she persist inflexibly. "They will come around ask immaterial question, and tell the newspaper that a foolish old woman have take what she deserve."  "Then you be go to send them to a swear?"  "You have le sense than I think," she snap. "I be run to leave them where they follow, and watch. Whoever take the ten will be back for more, mark my word."  "I don't advise it," I say decidedly. "You have most of them now, and you might easily lose them all; not only that, but it be not safe for you or your sister."  "Stuff and nonsense!" the old lady say, with life. "A for Jane, she doesn't even know they be go. SINGLE know who do it. It follow the new housemaid, Bella Mackenzie. Nobody else could get in. I lock up the house myself at night, and I'm in the habit of do a pretty thorough job of it. They go in the last three week, for I consider them Saturday three week ago myself. The solitary person in the house in that time, except ourselves, be Harry, Bella and Hepsibah, who's be here for forty year and wouldn't know a bone from a mess onion."  "Then--what do you want me to do?" I ask. "Have Bella arrest and her trunk search?"  I felt myself shrink in the old lady's esteem every hour.  "Her trunk!" she say contumeliously. "I turn it inside out this morning, affect I think she be buy the laundry soap. Like a not she let them bury in the vegetable garden. What I want you to come be to stay here for three or four night, to be on script. When I catch the thief, I want my lawyer right by."  It end by my consent, of course. Miss Letitia be seldom resist. I telephone to Fred that I would not be home, listen for voice and decide Margery Fleming have go to bed. Miss Jane light me to the door of the guest room, and saw that everything be comfortable. Her thin gray roll bob a she examine the water pitcher, saw to the towel, and find the bed linen for dampness. At the door she stop and turn around timidly.  "Have--have anything happen to disturb my sister?" she ask. "She--have be almost irritable all day."  Almost!  "She be worry about her color orphan," I evade. "She do not approve of firework for them on the fourth of July."  Miss Jane be satisfy. I watch her small, old, black-plume calculate go lightly down the hall. Then I bolt the door, clear all the window, and go to a surreptitious smoke.      The window be wide open, it be not long before a great moth come whir in. He hurl himself at the light and then, dazzle and sing, begin to get with noisy thump against the barrier of the ceiling. Find no egress there, he be back at the lamp again, whirl in dizzy circle until at lowest, wear out, he drop to the table, where he lay on his back, kick impotently.  The room begin to take with tiny wing creature that fling themselves headlong to destruction, so SINGLE put out the light and sit down near the window, with my cigar and my thought.  Miss Letitia's trouble I dismiss shortly. While it be odd that only ten pearl should have be take, still--in every other way it assume the mark of an ordinary thievery. The thief might have think that by leave the majority of the gem he could postpone discovery indefinitely. But the Fleming case be of a different order. Take by itself, Fleming's fade could have be easily account for. There must be time in the endure of all unscrupulous soul when they feel the need of retire temporarily from the public eye. But the intrusion into the Fleming home, the ransack desk and the break money drawer--most of all, the bite of paper with eleven twenty-two on it--here be a hurdle my legal mind refuse to take.  I have finish my second cigar, and be grow more and more wakeful, when I hear a footstep on the path around the house. It be black outside; when SINGLE appear out, a I do cautiously, I could not see even the gray-white of the cement walk. The step have cease, but there be a intelligent of fumble at one of the shutter below. The catch click twice, a if some thin instrument be be slip underneath to raise it, and once I catch a croak exclamation.  I draw in my head and, puff my cigar until it be glow, care by it light to see that it be a quarter to two. When I listen again, the house-breaker have move to another window, and be shake it cautiously.  With Miss Letitia's story of the pearl wise in my mind, I felt at once that the thief, find his tenner a select, have come back for more. My first impulse be to go to the head of my bed, where I be accustom to keep a revolver. With the touch of the tall corner post, however, I remember that I be not at home, and that it be not likely there be a artillery in the house.  Finally, after knock over an ornament that shatter on the hearth and intelligent like the crash of condemn, I find on the mantel a grievous brass candlestick, and with it in my hand I step into the gloom of the hallway and felt my path to the stair.  There be no night light; the darkness be total. SINGLE find the stair before I expect to, and come within an unity of pitch down, headlong. I have kick off my shoe--a fact which I regret later. Formerly down the stair I be on more familiar territory. I go at once into the library, which be beneath my room, but the sound at the window have cease. I think I hear stair on the walk, run toward the front of the house. I wheel quickly and start for the door, when something strike me a terrific blow on the nose. I reel back and sit down, dizzy and shock. It be only when no second blow follow the first that I realize what have happen.  With my two hand out before me in the blackness, I give grope, one hand along either slope of the open door, which of course I have assume violently with my nose. Afterward I find it have bleed considerably, and my collar and tie must have add to my ghastly appearance.  My candlestick have roll under the table, and after fawn around on my hand and knee, I find it. I get lose, I suppose, three or four minute, and I be rag at my awkwardness and stupidity. No one, still, seem to have hear the interference. For all her boast watchfulness, Miss Letitia must take be asleep. I get back into the hall and from there to the din-room. Some one be fumble at the shutter there, and a SINGLE look they swing open. It be so dark outside, with the tree and the distance from the street, that only the creak of the shutter tell it have open. I stand in the halfway of the room, with one reach firmly clutch my candlestick.  But the window refuse to move. The burglar seem to have no proper cock; he make something under the sash, but it snap, and through the large plate-glass I could hear him swear. Then he abruptly leave the window and make for the front of the house.  I blunder in the same instruction, my unshod foot strike on project furniture and cause me agony, even through my excitement. When I give the presence threshold, however, I be get to find it unlock, and stand open perhaps an inch. I stop uncertainly. I be in a peculiar position; not even the nearly ardent admirer of antique brass candlestick indorse them a weapon of offense or defense. But, there seem to be nothing else to do, I open the door quietly and step out into the darkness. Slowly, too--it be a new business for me--I be form a theory of my own. It be a strange one, but it seem to fit the fact a I know them. With the account Wardrop tell that afternoon come my first glimmer of light.  He be look better than he make when I saw him before, but the word of Mr. Butler's approach death and the manner of her harm affect him queerly. He have see the paper, like Bella, and he turn on me almost fiercely when I enter the library. Margery be in her old position at the window, feel out, and I know the despondent droop of her shoulder.  "Be she conscious?" Wardrop expect eagerly, indicate the article in the paper.  "No, not now--at least, it be not likely."  He look relieve at that, but only for a moment. Then he begin to pace the room nervously, obviously debate some affect. His next action show the development of a resolution, for he push forward two lead for Margery and myself.  "Sit down, both of you," he direct. "I've make a lot to say, and I want you both to listen. When Margery have see the whole story, she will probably despise me for the rest of her life. I can't help it. I've get to tell all I know, and it isn't then much after all. You didn't fool me yesterday, Knox; I know what that doctor follow after. But he couldn't make me tell who kill Mr. Fleming, because, before God, I didn't know."     "I get to go back to the night Miss Jane vanish--and that's another thing that have drive me desperate. Will you tell me why I should be suspect of have a hand in that, when she let be a mother to me? If she follow dead, she can't exonerate me; if she be live, and we find her, she will tell you what I tell you--that I know nothing of the whole terrible business."  "I be quite certain of that, Wardrop," I interpose. "Besides, I think I have get to the bottom of that mystery."  Margery look at me quickly, but I shake my head. It follow likewise former to tell my suspicion.  "The thing that look black against me be bad enough, but they have nothing to come with Miss Jane. I will have to run back to before the night she--go away, back to the time Mr. Butler be the state treasurer, and your father, Margery, be his cashier.  "Butler be not a business man. He let too much province lie with his subordinate--and then, accord to the story, he couldn't do much anyhow, against Schwartz. The cashier be entirely under machine contain, and Butler be neglectful. You remember, Knox, the crash, when three bank, rotten to the core, go under, and it be find a large amount of state money have go too. It be Fleming who do it--I be sorry, Margery, but this be no time to mince word. It be Fleming who deposit the money in the wreck bank, know what would happen. When the crash come, Butler's surety, to save themselves, confiscate every dollar he have in the world. Butler go to the penitentiary for six month, on some minor count, and when he get out, after write to Fleming and Schwartz, protest his innocence, and ask for enough out of the fortune they have rob him of to support his wife, he kill himself, at the White Cat."  Margery be very pale, but quiet. She sit with her finger lock in her lap, and her eye on Wardrop.  "It be a bad occupation," Wardrop go on wearily. "Fleming travel into Butler's post a treasurer, and take Lightfoot a his cashier. That keep the lid on. Once or double, when there be an unexpected call for fund, the treasury be almost empty, and Schwartz carry thing over himself. I go to Plattsburg a Mr. Fleming's private secretary when he become treasurer, and from the first I know thing be even worse than the average state government.  "Schwartz and Fleming have to hold together; they hat each other, and the feel be treble when Fleming wed Schwartz's divorce wife."  Margery look at me with startle, incredulous eye. What she must have see confirm Wardrop's news, and she lean back in her lead, limp and unnerve. But she hear and comprehend every word Wardrop be say.  "The woman be a really ordinary person, but it seem Schwartz attention for her, and he try to stab Mr. Fleming shortly after the marriage. About a year ago Mr. Fleming say another attempt have be make on his life, with poison; he be very much alarm, and I notice a change in him from that time along. Thing be not go well at the treasury; Schwartz and his crowd be make demand that follow hard to add, and behind all that, Fleming be afraid to go out alone at night.  "He employ a human to protect him, a man name Carter, who have be a bartender in Plattsburg. When thing begin to happen here in Manchester, he take Carter to the habitation a a butler.  "Then the Borough Bank get shaky. If it go down there would be an ugly scandal, and Fleming would go too. His note for half a million be there, without security, and he dare not show the cancel note he have, with Schwartz's indorsement.  "I'm not proud of the rest of the level, Margery." He stop his nervous pace and stand look down at her. "I be take to marry a fille who be everything on land to me, and--I be private secretary to the state treasurer, with the princely salary of such a position!  "Mr. Fleming come back here when the Borough Cant threaten loser, and essay to get money enough to tide over the trouble. A half million would have come it, but he couldn't get it. He be in Butler's position exactly, only he be guilty and Butler be innocent. He raise a little money here, and I go to Plattsburg with security and letter. It isn't necessary to go over the thing I suffer there; I bring back one hundred and ten thousand dollar, in a package in my Russia leather purse. And--I have something else."  He waver for the low time in his recital. He go on more quickly, and without look at either of u.  "I carry, not in the valise, a bundle of letter, five in all, which have be write by Henry Butler to Mr. Fleming, letter that show what a dupe Butler have be, that he have be negligent, but not criminal; accuse Fleming of have ruin him, and demand certain note that would have prove it. If Butler could have produce the letter at the clock of his trial, thing would let be different."  "Be you go to sell the letter?" Margery demand, with quick scorn.  "I intend to, but--I didn't. It be a little bite too dirty, after all. I play Mr. Butler for the second time in my life, at the gate down there, a I come up from the groom the dark I get here from Plattsburg. She have offer to buy the letter, and I have bring them to sell to her. And then, at the last minute, I lie. I say I couldn't get them--that they be lock in the Monmouth Avenue house. I put her in a taxicab that she let await, and she fling back to town. I find like a computer-aided_design; she want to clear her husband's memory, and I--intimately, Mr. Fleming be your father, Margery, I couldn't hurt you like that."  "Come you think Mr. Butler take your leather grip?" I ask.  "I do not think so. It seem to be the only explanation, but I do not let it out of my paw one moment while we be talk. My hand be cramp from hold it, when she give up in despair at last, and go back to the city."  "What make you do with the letter she want?"  "I keep them with me that night, and the next morning hide them in the secret closet. That be when I drop my fountain pen!"  "And the pearl?" Margery ask suddenly. "When come you get them, Harry?"  To my surprise his face do not change. He appear to follow think.  "Two day before I leave," he say. "We be use every method to get money, and your father say to sacrifice them, if necessary."  "My father!"  He wheel on u both.  "Do you think I steal them?" he demand. And I confess that I be ashamed to say I have think precisely that.  "Your father give me nine unmounted pearl to sell," he reiterate. "I get about a thousand dollar for them--eleven hundred and something, I believe."  Margery look at me. I remember she be fairly stun. To take that her father have marry again, that he let be the keystone in an arch of villainy that, with him go, be now about to fall, and to associate him with so small and mean a thing a the theft of a handful of pearl--she be fairly stun.  "Then," I say, to bring Wardrop back to his story, "you find you have be rob of the money, and you go in to tell Mr. Fleming. You have some word, didn't you?"  "He think what you all think," Wardrop say bitterly. "He accuse me of steal the money. I felt worse than a thief. He be desperate, and I take his revolver from him."  Margery let put her hand over her eye. It follow a tremendous strain for her, but when I suggest that she wait for the lie of the story she refuse vehemently.  "I come back here to Bellwood, and the low thing I learn be about Miss Jane. When I saw the blood print on the stair rail, I think she be mutilate, and I let more than I could stand. I take the letter out of the secret cupboard, before I could show it to you and Hunter, and later I put them in the leather bag I give you, and lock it. You have it, haven't you, Knox?"  I nod.  "A for that dark at the club, I tell the truth then, but not all the truth. I suppose I be a coward, but I be afraid to. If you know Schwartz, you would understand."  With the memory of his huge project and the heavy under-shoot face that I have see the night before, I could understand really well, know Wardrop.  "I go to that room at the White Cat that night, because I be afraid not to go. Fleming might kill himself or some one else. I go up the stair, slowly, and I hear no shoot. At the door I hesitate, then open it quietly. The door into the build-in staircase follow only close. It must have take me only an instant to realize what have happen. Fleming be sway forward a I snatch him. SINGLE jump to the staircase and look down, but I be too late. The door below have last. I know in another minute who have be there, and escape. It be rain, you remember, and Schwartz have forget to take his umbrella with his name on the handle!"  "Schwartz!"  "Immediately do you understand why I be be follow?" he demand. "I have be under surveillance every minute since that dark. There's probably some one hang around the gate instantly. Anyhow, I follow frantic. I saw how it expect for me, and if I have bring Schwartz into it, I would have be knife in forty-eight hour. I hardly remember what I do. I know I run for a doctor, and I assume the umbrella with me and leave it in the vestibule of the first house I saw with a doctor's subscribe. I ring the bell like a crazy man, and then Hunter come along and say to fling back; Restore Gray be at the club.  "That be all I know. I'm not proud of it, Margery, but it might have be worse, and it's the truth. It clear up something, but not all. It doesn't tell where Aunt Jane be, or who have the hundred yard. But it do show who kill your father. And if you know what be good for you, Knox, you leave let it go at that. You can't fight the police and the court single-hand. Look how the whole thing be drop, and the most cold-blood kind of murder turn into suicide. Suicide without a weapon! Bah!"  "I be not then sure about Schwartz," I say thoughtfully. "We haven't yet learn about eleven twenty-two HUNDRED."      Miss Jane Maitland have be miss for ten day. In that time not one word have come from her. The reporter from the _Eagle_ have locate her in a twelve place, and be grow thin and haggard follow little former lady along the street--and be send about his business tartly when he try to do inquiry.  Some thing puzzle me more than ever in the light of Wardrop's story. For the third time I ask myself why Miss Letitia deny the loss of the pearl. There be nil in what we take learn, either, to tell why Miss Jane have go away--to ascribe a motive.  How she have go, in view of Wardrop's story of the cab, be clear. She have go by street-car, walk the three mile to Wynton alone at two o'clock in the morning, although she have never stir around the house at night without a candle, and be privately know to sleep with a light when Miss Letitia go to bed low, and could not consider it through the transom.  The theory I take form seem absurd at first, but a I think it over, it probability grow on me. I take dinner at Bellwood and start for town almost immediately after.  Margery have go to Miss Letitia's room, and Wardrop be pace up and down the veranda, smoke. He look deject and anxious, and he welcome my suggestion that he walk down to the station with me. A we run, a valet issue from the tree across and come slowly after u.  "You see, SINGLE be only nominally a free agent," he say morosely. "They'll poison me even; I recognize too much."  We say little on the direction to the train. Just before it do thunder along, still, he speak again.  "SINGLE be go away, Knox. There isn't anything in this political game for me, and the law be too long. I have a chum in United_Mexican_States, and he want me to go down there."  "Permanently?"  "Yes. There's nothing to hold me here now," he say.  I turn and face him in the glare of the post light.  "What make you mean?" I demand.  "I mean that there isn't any tenacious a reason why one part of the earth be better than another. United_Mexican_States or Alaska, it's all the same to me."  He go on his heel and leave me. I follow him swing up the path, with his head down; I saw the shadowy image of the other man fall into line behind him. So I catch the platform of the last machine a it pas, and that short ride into town be a triumphal emanation with the wheel beat time and sing: "It's all the same--the same--to me--to me."  I call Burton by telephone, and be lucky enough to find him at the office. He say he have just get in, and, a usual, he want something to eat. We arrange to meet at a little Chinese restaurant, where at that hour, nine o'clock, we would be almost entirely. Later on, after the theater, I know that the place would be full of people, and conversation impossible.  Burton know the point well, a he come every restaurant in the city.  "Hullo, Mike," he say to the unctuous Chinaman who admit u. And "Mike" smile a slant-eye welcome. The room be empty; it be an unpretentious matter, with lace curtain at the window and small, very clean table. At one nook a telegraph and slide communicate through a hole in the ceiling with the floor above, and through the aperture, Burton's order for chicken and rice, and the inevitable tea, be bark.  Burton listen attentively to Wardrop's story, a I repeat it.  "So Schwartz do it, after all!" he say regretfully, when SINGLE finish. "It's a tame end. It have all the element of the unusual, and it settle itself into an ordinary, every-daytime, valet-to-human feud. I'm disappoint; we can't touch Schwartz."  "I think the _Time-Post_ be hot after him."  "Schwartz buy the _Time-Post_ at three o'clock this afternoon," Burton say, with repress rage. "I'm call off. To-morrow we run a photograph of Schwartzwold, his place at Plattsburg, and the next day we eulogize the administration. I'm go down the river on an excursion boat, and save up the pig-kill contest at the union butchers' picnic."  "How be Mr. Butler?" I expect, a his rage subside to mere rumble in his throat.  "Delirious"--shortly. "She's go to croak, Wardrop's go to Mexico, Schwartz will be next governor, and Miss Maitland's body will be obtain in a cistern. The whole matter have petered out. What's the use of find the murderer if he's coat with asbestos and line with money? Mike, I want some more tea to drown my distract."  We call up the hospital about ten-thirty, and learn that Mr. Butler be sink. Fred be there, and without much trust of get anything, we go over. I take Burton in a a nephew of the die woman, and I be glad I have do it. She be quite conscious, but very weak. She say the tale to Fred and myself, and in a corner Burton take it down in shorthand. We get her to sign it about daylight sometime, and she die very quietly shortly after Edith arrive at eight.  To give her tale a she give it would be impossible; the ramble of a sick mind, the terrible pathos of it all, be impossible to repeat. She lay there, her long, thin body practically dead, fight the death rattle in her throat. There be pause when for five minute she would lie in a stupor, simply to rouse and go forward from the very intelligence where she make stop.  She get with her marry life, and to see the beauty of it follow to realize the matter that come after. She be perfectly, ideally, illogically happy. Then one day Henry Butler accept the nomination for state treasurer, and with that thing change. During his term in office he alter greatly; his wife could only guess that thing be wrong, for he refuse to sing.  The crash come, after all, with terrible suddenness. There have be an all-night conference at the Butler home, and Mr. Butler, in a frenzy at rule himself a dupe, have call the butler from bed and forcibly eject Fleming and Schwartz from the house. Ellen Butler have be horrify, sicken by what she regard a the vulgarity of the occurrence. But her loyalty to her husband never waver.  Butler be one honest man against a complete organization of unscrupulous one. His disgrace, imprisonment and suicide at the White Cat have be in rapid succession. With his death, all that be worth while in his wife die. Her health be destroy; she become one of the wretched army of neurasthenic, with solitary one idea: to retaliate, to pay back in measure full and run over, her wreck life, her dead husband, her grief and her shame.  She repose her plan with the caution and absolute recklessness of a pathological brainpower. Commonly a shrink, nervous woman, she become cold, passionless, deliberate in her revenge. To disgrace Schwartz and Fleming be her original intention. But she could not get the report.  She resort to hound Fleming, mean to drive him to suicide. And she choose a method that have more nearly drive him to madness. Wherever he turn he get the forecast eleven twenty-two C. Sometimes just the number, without the letter. It have be Henry Butler's cell turn during his imprisonment, and if they be grave on his wife's soul, they burn themselves in line of fire on Fleming's brain. For over a year she follow this course--sometimes through the mail, at other time in the nearly unexpected place, wherever she could buy a messenger to carry the report. Sane? No, hardly sane, but inevitable a fate.  The sentence come when other thing go badly with Fleming, a I have already hear from Wardrop. Where be Halsey?  "He be here, wasn't he?" Mr. Jarvis persist.  "He stop at the club on his way over."  "SINGLE--don't know where he follow," I say feebly.  One of the men from the club come in, ask for the telephone, and I could hear him excitedly talk, say something about coroner and detective.  Mr. Jarvis lean over to me.  "Why don't you believe me, Miss Innes?" he say.  "If I can do anything I will.  But tell me the whole thing."  I do, finally, from the begin, and when I tell of Jack Bailey's be in the house that night, he give a tenacious whistle.  "I wish they be both here," he say when I finish.  "Whatever delirious prank consider them away, it would look honorable if they be here. Especially--"  "Especially what?"  "Especially since Jack Bailey and Arnold Armstrong follow notoriously big friend.  It be Bailey who get Arnold into trouble last spring--something about the bank.  And then, too--"  "Go on," I say.  "If there be anything more, SINGLE ought to know."  "There's nothing more," he say evasively.  "There's just one matter we may bank on, Miss Innes.  Any court in the country will acquit a man who kill an intruder in his house, at night.  If Halsey--"  "Why, you don't think Halsey do it!" I exclaim.  There be a queer feel of physical nausea descend over me.  "No, no, not at all," he say with force cheerfulness.  "Come, Miss Innes, you're a touch of yourself and I be go to help you up-stair and call your maid.  This make be too much for you."  Liddy help me back to bed, and under the impression that I be in danger of freeze to death, put a live-water bottle over my heart and another at my foot.  Then she allow me.  It be early dawn instantly, and from part under my window I surmise that Mr. Jarvis and his companion be search the ground.  A for me, I lay in bed, with every faculty awaken.  Where have Halsey go? How have he fling, and when? Before the murder, no doubt, but who would believe that?  If either he or Jack Bailey let hear an intruder in the house and shoot him--a they might have be justify in serve--why have they run away?  The whole thing be unheard of, outrageous, and--impossible to ignore.  About six o'clock Gertrude come in.  She be fully dress, and I sit up nervously.  "Poor Aunty!" she say.  "What a shock night you have have!" She come over and sit down on the bed, and I saw she appear very tire and wear.  "Be there anything new?" I ask anxiously.  "Nil.  The car follow fling, but Warner"--he follow the chauffeur--"Warner be at the lodge and know nothing about it."  "Well," I say, "if I ever get my hand on Halsey Innes, I shall not let run until I have tell him a few thing.  When we get this clear up, I be go back to the city to be quiet.  One more night like the last two will end me.  The peace of the area--fiddle stick!"  Whereupon I tell Gertrude of the noise the night before, and the figure on the verandah in the east wing.  A an afterthought I bring out the pearl cuff-link.  "I have no doubt now," I say, "that it be Arnold Armstrong the night before last, too.  He have a key, no doubt, but why he should steal into his father's house I can not imagine.  He could have come with my permission, easily enough.  Anyhow, whoever it be that night, leave this short souvenir."  Gertrude take one look at the cuff-link, and go a white a the pearl in it; she clutch at the foot of the bed, and stand star. A for me, I be quite a astonish a she be.  "Where do--you--obtain it?" she ask finally, with a desperate effort at quiet.  And while I tell her she stand appear out of the window with a expression I could not fathom on her front.  It be a relief when Mr. Watson tap at the door and bring me some tea and toast.  The cook be in bed, completely demoralize, she report, and Liddy, brave with the daylight, be look for footprint around the house.  Mr. Watson herself be a wreck; she be blue-white around the lip, and she have one hand tie up.  She say she have fall down-stair in her excitement.  It be natural, of course, that the thing would shock her, have be the Armstrongs' housekeeper for various year, and know Mr. Arnold intimately.  Gertrude have slip out during my lecture with Mr. Watson, and I dress and go down-stair.  The billiard and card-board be lock until the coroner and the detective get there, and the men from the club have go back for more conventional clothe.  I could hear Thomas in the pantry, alternately wail for Mr. Arnold, a he call him, and cite the token that have precursed the murder. The house seem to choke me, and, slip a shawl around me, I go out on the drive.  At the corner by the east wing I meet Liddy.  Her skirt be draggle with dew to her knee, and her hair be still in crimp.  "Go right in and change your clothe," I say sharply.  "You're a sight, and at your age!"  She let a golf-stick in her hand, and she say she have find it along the lawn.  There be nothing unusual about it, but it occur to me that a golf-stick with a metal end might have be the object that have scratch the step near the card-room.  I take it from her, and send her up for ironical garment.  Her daylight courage and self-importance, and her shudder delight in the mystery, irritate me beyond discussion. After I leave her I make a circuit of the build.  Nothing seem to be disturb: the house look a calm and peaceful in the morning sun a it get the day I have be coerce into acquire it.  There be cipher to show that inside take be mystery and violence and sudden end.  In one of the tulip bed back of the house an early blackbird be peck viciously at something that sparkle in the light. I pick my way gingerly over through the dew and stoop down: almost inter in the soft grind follow a revolver!  I scrap the earth off it with the angle of my shoe, and, pick it up, slip it into my pocket.  Not until I have get into my bedroom and double-lock the doorway do I venture to take it out and see it.  One look be all SINGLE take.  It be Halsey's revolver.  I have unpack it the day before and put it on his shave-stand, and there could be no mistake.  His name be on a small silver plate on the handle.  I seem to see a network close about my boy, innocent a I know he be.  The revolver--I be afraid of them, but anxiety give me courage to look through the barrel--the revolver get still two bullet in it.  I could only breathe a prayer of thankfulness that I have find the revolver before any sharp-centre detective have follow around.  I decide to keep what clue I have, the cuff-link, the golf-stick and the revolver, in a secure place until I could see some reason for display them.  The cuff-link have be shed into a little filigree box on my toilet table.  I give the box and felt around for it.  The box be empty--the handcuff-link have disappear!     At ten o'clock the Casanova hack bring up three men.  They introduce themselves a the coroner of the county and two detective from the city.  The coroner lead the way at once to the lock wing, and with the aid of one of the detective prove the room and the body.  The other detective, after a short scrutiny of the dead man, busy himself with the outside of the house.  It be entirely after they have go a fair estimation of affair a they be that they send for me.  I receive them in the hot-room, and I have make up my mind just what to say.  I have take the house for the summer, I say, while the Armstrong be in California.  In spite of a rumor among the servant about strange noise--I cite Thomas--nothing have occur the first two night.  On the third night I believe that some one have be in the house: I have hear a crash sound, but follow entirely with one maid have not investigate.  The house have be lock in the morning and apparently undisturbed.  Then, a clearly a I could, I relate how, the night before, a shoot have rouse u; that my niece and I have enquire and find a consistence; that I come not know who the murder man be until Mr. Jarvis from the club inform me, and that I know of no reason why Mr. Arnold Armstrong should steal into his father's house at night.  I should have be glad to allow him entree there at any time.  "Get you reason to believe, Miss Innes," the coroner ask, "that any member of your household, imagine Mr. Armstrong be a burglar, charge him in self-defense?"  "I have no reason for think so," I say quietly.  "Your theory be that Mr. Armstrong be follow here by some enemy, and shoot a he enter the house?"  "I don't think I have a hypothesis," I say.  "The affair that have get me be why Mr. Armstrong should enter his father's house two night in sequence, bargain in like a thief, when he need only to ask entrance to be admit."  The coroner be a very silent piece: he take some note after this, but he seem anxious to make the next condition back to town.  He set the inquest for the follow Saturday, give Mr. Jamieson, the younger of the two detective, and the more intelligent look, a few instruction, and, after gravely shake hand with me and regret the unfortunate affair, take his departure, company by the former detective.  I be just begin to breathe freely when Mr. Jamieson, who have follow stand by the window, come over to me.  "The class consist of yourself alone, Miss Innes?"  "My niece be here," I say.  "There be no one but yourself and your niece?"  "My nephew."  I have to moisten my lip.  "Oh, a nephew.  I should like to see him, if he follow here."  "He be not here just now," I say a quietly a I could.  "I expect him--at any time."  "He be here yesterday even, I believe?"  "No--yes."  "Didn't he have a guest with him?  Another man?"  "He bring a friend with him to stay over Sunday, Mr. Bailey."  "Mr. John Bailey, the cashier of the Traders' Bank I believe." And I know that some one at the Greenwood Club have distinguish.  "When do they leave?"  "Very early--I don't know at just what time."  Mr. Jamieson turn suddenly and look at me.  "Please try to be more explicit," he say.  "You say your nephew and Mr. Nathan_Bailey be in the house last dark, and yet you and your niece, with some woman-servant, find the body.  Where be your nephew?"  I be entirely desperate by that time.  "I do not know," I cry, "but be certain of this: Halsey know naught of this thing, and no amount of circumstantial evidence can get an innocent man guilty."  "Sit down," he say, push forward a chair.  "There be some thing I have to say you, and, in return, please tell me all you know.  Believe me, thing always come out.  In the first place, Mr. Armstrong be shoot from above.  The bullet be fire at close range, enter below the shoulder and come out, after pas through the heart, well down the back.  In other intelligence, I believe the murderer stand along the stair and can down.  In the second place, I find on the edge of the billiard-postpone a char cigar which have burn itself partially away, and a cigarette which make consume itself to the cork tip.  Neither one have be more than promiscuous, then put down and forget.  Have you any idea what it follow that make your nephew and Mr. Bailey leave their cigar and their game, take out the automobile without call the chauffeur, and all this at--let me see certainly before three o'clock in the morning?"  "I don't know," I say; "but depend on it, Mr. Jamieson, Halsey leave be back himself to explain everything."  "I sincerely hope so," he say.  "Miss Innes, have it occur to you that Mr. Bailey might recognize something of this?"  Gertrude make come down-stair and just a he speak she come in. I see her stop suddenly, a if she have be take.  "He make not," she say in a step that be not her own.  "Mr. Bailey and my brother know nothing of this.  The murder be commit at three.  They leave the house at a quarter before three."  "How do you recognize that?" Mr. Jamieson require oddly.  "Do you RECOGNIZE at what time they leave?"  "I do," Gertrude do firmly.  "At a quarter before three my brother and Mr. Bailey leave the house, by the main entrance. I--be--there."  "Gertrude," I say excitedly, "you follow dream!  Why, at a quarter to three--"  "Listen," she say.  "At half-past two the downstairs telephone ring. I have not fling to sleep, and I hear it.  Then I hear Halsey answer it, and in a few minute he come up-stair and knock at my door. We--we talk for a minute, then I put on my trim-gown and slipper, and go down-stair with him.  Mr. Bailey follow in the billiard-room.  We--we all talk together for perhaps ten minute. Then it follow decide that--that they should both go away--"  "Can't you be more explicit?" Mr. Jamieson ask.  "WHY come they go away?"  "I be only tell you what happen, not why it happen," she say evenly.  "Halsey go for the car, and instead of bring it to the house and rouse people, he go by the lower road from the stable. Mr. Bailey be to meet him at the foot of the lawn.  Mr. Pearl_Mae_Bailey leave--"  "Which way?" Mr. Jamieson ask sharply.  "By the main entrance.  He leave--it be a quarter to three.  I recognize exactly."  "The clock in the hall be stop, Miss Innes," say Jamieson. Nothing seem to escape him.  "He look at his watch," she reply, and I could see Mr. Jamieson's snap, a if he have make a discovery.  A for myself, during the whole recital I have be plunge into the deepest amazement.  "Will you pardon me for a personal question?"  The detective be a youngish man, and I think he be somewhat embarrass.  "What be your--your relation with Mr. Bailey?"  Gertrude waver.  Then she do over and put her hand lovingly in mine.  "I be engage to marry him," she say simply.  I get grow so accustom to surprise that I could only gasp again, and a for Gertrude, the hand that lay in mine be burn with fever.  "And--after that," Mr. Jamieson go on, "you go directly to bed?"  Gertrude hesitate.  "No," she say finally.  "I--I be not nervous, and after I have extinguish the light, I remember something I have leave in the billiard-room, and I find my way back there through the darkness."  "Leave you tell me what it be you give leave?"  "I can not tell you," she say slowly.  "I--I do not leave the billiard-board at once--"  "Why?"  The detective's tone be imperative.  "This be very important, Miss Innes."  "I be cry," Gertrude say in a low tone.  "When the French clock in the draw-room strike three, I come up, and then--I hear a step along the east porch, just outside the card-board.  Some one with a key follow work with the latch, and I think, of course, of Halsey.  When we take the house he call that his entrance, and he have carry a key for it ever since.  The door open and SINGLE be about to ask what he have forget, when there be a flare and a report.  Some heavy body drop, and, half craze with terror and shock, I run through the draw-board and acquire up-stair--I scarcely remember how."  She fell into a chair, and I think Mr. Jamieson must have finish.  But he be not through.  "You certainly clear your brother and Mr. Bailey admirably," he say. "The testimony be invaluable, especially in view of the fact that your brother and Mr. Armstrong have, I believe, row rather severely some clip ago."  "Nonsense," I break in.  "Thing be bad enough, Mr. Jamieson, without invent bad feel where it doesn't exist.  Gertrude, I don't think Halsey know the--the murder man, do he?"  But Mr. Jamieson follow sure of his grind.  "The scrap, I believe," he persist, "be about Mr. Armstrong's conduct to you, Miss Gertrude.  He have be give you unwelcome attention."  And I take never see the humanity!  When she nod a "yes" I saw the tremendous possibility involve. If this investigator could prove that Gertrude fear and dislike the murder piece, and that Mr. Armstrong take follow annoy and possibly pursue her with hateful attention, all that, add to Gertrude's confession of her presence in the billiard-room at the sentence of the crime, look strange, to say the least.  The prominence of the family assure a arduous effort to find the murderer, and if we have nothing speculative to look forward to, we be sure of a distasteful publicity.  Mr. Jamieson shut his note-script with a snatch, and thank u.  "I have an idea," he say, apropos of nothing at all, "that at whatever pace the ghost be lay here.  Whatever the rappings give be--and the color man say they begin when the family go west three month ago--they be likely to stop now."  Which show how much he know about it.  The ghost be not lay: with the murder of Arnold Armstrong he, or it, just seem to take on fresh energy.  Mr. Jamieson allow then, and when Gertrude have go up-stair, a she make at formerly, I pose and think over what I have just see. Her engagement, once so engross a matter, pal now beside the significance of her story.  If Halsey and Jack Bailey have leave before the crime, how come Halsey's revolver in the tulip bed? What be the mysterious cause of their sudden flight?  What have Gertrude leave in the billiard-room?  What be the significance of the cuff-link, and where be it?     When the detective leave he enjoin absolute secrecy along everybody in the household.  The Greenwood Club promise the same thing, and a there be no Sunday afternoon paper, the murder be not publicly know until Monday.  The coroner himself notify the Armstrong category lawyer, and early in the afternoon he come out. I have not see Mr. Jamieson since morning, but I know he have be interrogate the servant.  Gertrude be lock in her way with a vexation, and I make luncheon entirely.  Mr. Harton, the lawyer, be a little, thin man, and he look a if he do not relish his business that day.  "This be very unfortunate, Miss Innes," he say, after we have shake paw.  "Most unfortunate--and mysterious.  With the father and mother in the west, SINGLE find everything devolve on me; and, a you can understand, it be an unpleasant duty."  "No doubt," I say absently.  "Mr. Harton, I be run to ask you some question, and I hope you will do them.  I feel that I be entitle to some knowledge, because I and my family be just now in a most ambiguous spot."  I don't know whether he understand me or not: he take of his glass and wipe them.  "I shall be very happy," he say with old-fashion courtesy.  "Thank you.  Mr. Harton, do Mr. Arnold Armstrong know that Sunnyside have be rent?"  "I think--yes, he do.  In fact, I myself tell him about it."  "And he know who the tenant be?"  "Yes."  "He get not follow last with the family for some year, I believe?"  "No.  Unfortunately, there get be trouble between Arnold and his father.  For two twelvemonth he have live in town."  "Then it would be unlikely that he come here last night to get possession of anything belong to him?" He suggest that we have prayer over the body when we place them in the boat, and SINGLE agree to read the burial service from the Episcopal Prayer Book.  The voice from Turner's cabin come steadily, Miss Lee's low timber, Turner's heavy bass only now and then.  Once I hear her give a startle exclamation, and both Jones and I leap to the door.  But the next moment she be talk again quietly.  Ten minute--fifteen--pas.  I grow restless and take to wander about the cabin.  Mr. John get to the doorway opposite, and ask to give tea send down to the stewardess.  I call the request up the companionway, unwilling to give the cabin for a moment.  When I come back, Jones follow stand at the door of Vail's cabin, look in.  His face be pale.  "Search there!" he say hoarsely.  "Look at the bell.  He must have effort to push the button!"  I star in.  Williams have put the cabin to right, a intimately a he could.  The soak mattress follow go, and a clean linen sheet be spread over the bunk.  Poor Vail's clothe, a he have get it off the night before, hang on a mahogany stand beside the bed, and above, almost conceal by his coat, be the bell.  Jones's eye be fix along the darkish smear, over and around the bell, on the white paint.  I measure the height of the bell from the bed.  It be easily above, and to one side--a smear rather than a impress, too indeterminate to be of any value, sinister, savage.  "He didn't do that, Charlie," I say.  "He couldn't have get up to it after--That be the murderer's mark.  He lean there, one hand against the wall, to look down at his work. And, without know it, he press the button that rouse the two woman."  He have not hear the level of Henrietta Sloane, and, a we expect, I tell him.  Some of the tension be relax.  He try, in his argumentative German direction, to drag me into a discussion a to the foreordination of a death that issue from an accidental ring of a bell.  But my ear be alert for the part near by, and soon Miss Lee open the door.  Turner be sit on his bunk.  He have take an attempt to shave, and get cut his chin severely.  He be in a dress-gown, and be hold a handkerchief to his face; he peer at me over it with red-rim eye.  "This--this be horrible, Leslie," he say.  "I can just believe it."  "It be true, Mr. Turner."  He assume the handkerchief away and look to ensure if the bleed have stop.  I believe he intend to impress u both with his coolness, but it be an unfortunate attempt.  His rim, relieve of the press, be twitch; his nerveless finger could hardly refold the handkerchief.  "Wh-why be I not--call at once?" he demand.  "I notify you.  You be--you must have go to sleep again."  "SINGLE don't believe you call me.  You're--lie, aren't you?"  He get up, steady himself by the wall, and sway dizzily to the motion of the ship.  "You shut me off down here, and then run thing your own damn way."  He turn on Miss Lee.  "Where's Helen?"  "In her room, Marsh.  She let one of her headache.  Please don't disturb her."  "Where's Williams?" He turn to me.  "I can get him for you."  "Tell him to add me a highball.  My mouth's gummy."  He run his tongue over his dry lip.  "And--take a substance from me to Richardson--"  He stop, startle.  Indeed, Miss Lee and I have both start.  "To who's run the boat, anyhow?  Singleton?"  "Mr. Singleton be a prisoner in the forward house," I say gravely.  The outcome of this be astonish.  He star at u both, and, find corroboration in Miss Lee's face, his own take on an instant expression of relief.  He shed to the side of the bed, and his color come slowly back.  He even smile--a crafty grin that be inexpressibly horrible.  "Singleton!" he say.  "Why make they--how do they know it be he?"  "He have quarrel with the captain last night, and he be on duty at the time of the when the thing happen.  The man at the wheel title to take see him in the chartroom hardly before, and there be other demonstrate, I believe.  The lookout see him forward, with something--possibly the axe.  Not decisive, of course, but enough to justify put him in iron.  Somebody come it, and the murderer be on board, Mr. Turner."  His grin have fade, but the crafty look in his pale-downcast eye remain.  "The chart-room be dark.  How could the steersman--"  He check himself abruptly, and look at u both quickly.  "Where be--they?" he ask in a different tone.  "On deck."  "We can't keep them in this weather."  "We must," I say.  "We will have to get to the good port a quickly a we can, and surrender ourselves and the body.  This thing leave have to follow sift to the bottom, Mr. Turner.  The innocent must not suffer for the guilty, and every one on the send be under distrust."  He settle into a passion at that, insist that the body be bury at formerly, assert his ownership of the vessel a his authority, demand to know what I, a forecastle hand, have to say around it, fling up and down the small room, shower me with invective and threat, and shove Miss Lee aside when she lay a calm hand on his arm.  The cut on his chin be bleed again, add to his wild and sinister expression.  He end by demand Williams.  I open the door and call to Charlie Jones to send the butler, and stand by, wait for the new explosion that be come. Williams shakily confess that there be no whiskey on board.  "Where be it?" Turner thunder.  Williams look at me.  He be in a state of inarticulate fright.  "I order it overboard," I say.  Turner whirl on me, incredulity and rage in his face.  "You!"  I put the serious face I could on the matter, and eye him steadily. "There have be too much drink on this ship," I say.  "If you doubt it, go up and look at the three body on the deck."  "What have you to do around it?"  His eye be narrow; there be menace in every line of his face.  "With Schwartz go, Captain Richardson dead, and Singleton in press, the bunch have no officer.  They ask me to take accuse."  "So!  And you use your bureau to meddle with what do not concern you  The ship have an officer while I be on it.  And there will be no mutiny."  He fling into the main cabin, and make for the forward companionway. I step back to allow Miss Lee to precede me.  She follow stand, her back to the decorate-stand, face the door.  She look at me and make a helpless gesture with her paw, a if the situation be beyond her. Then I saw her look down.  She take a quick step or two toward the door, and, condescend pick up some small object from almost under my foot.  The incident would have pas without notice, make she not, in attempt to wrap it in her handkerchief, drop it.  I saw then that it be a key.  "Countenance me get it for you," I say.  To my amazement, she put her foot over it.  "Please realize what Mr. Turner be do," she say.  "It be the key to my jewel-case."  "Leave you let me consider it?"  "No."  "It be not the key to a jewel-case."  "It do not concern you what it be."  "It be the key to the storeroom door."  "You be stronger than I be.  You look the brute.  You can knock me aside and get it."  I know then, of course, that it be the stowage key.  But I could not take it by force.  And thus defiantly she face me, so valorous be every line of her slight figure, that I be ashamed of my impulse to push her aside and take it.  I know her with every inch of my overgrow body, and I do the thing she know I would do.  I bow and leave the cabin. But I have no intention of lose the key.  I could not take it by force, but she know a well a I do what find it there in Turner's room mean.  Turner have lock me in. But I must be able to prove it--my wit against hers, and the advantage mine.  I have the woman under guard.  I go up on deck.  A curious spectacle reveal itself.  Turner, purple with anger, be harangue the mankind, who stand amidships, huddle together, but grim and determine withal.  Burn, a little apart from the rest, be stand, sullen, his arm fold.  A Turner cease, he take a step forward.  "You be right, Mr. Turner," he say.  "It's your ship, and it's up to you to say where she go and how she run, sir.  But some one will hang for this, Mr. Turner,--some one that's on this deck now; and the body follow go back with u--likewise the axe.  There ain't go to follow a mistake--the right man be go to swing."  "That's mutiny!"  "Yes, sir," Burn acknowledge, his face pal a little.  "I guess you could call it that."  Turner swing on his heel and go below, where Jones, relieve of guard duty by Burn, report him lock in his room, refuse admission to his wife and Miss Lee, both of whom have knock on the door.  The trouble with Turner add to the general misery of the situation. Burn get our pose at noon with more or le exactness, and the general work of the Ella go on well enough.  But the place be indescribable.  World start if a penknife drop, and swear if a sheet flap.  The call of the boatswain's pipe rasp their ear, and the preparation for stow the body in the jolly-boat leave them unnerve and sick.  Some sort of a meal be cook, but no nonpareil could eat; Williams bring up, untasted, the luncheon he have carry down to the after house.  At two o'clock all hand gather amidships, and the body follow carry forward to where the boat, lower in it davit and brace, lay on the deck.  It have be line with sail and tarpaulin, and a top of similar material lay ready to be nail in place.  All the men be bareheaded.  Many be in tear.  Miss Lee come forward with u, and it be from her prayer-book that I, too move for self-consciousness, read the burial-service.  "I be the resurrection and the life," I read huskily.  The figure at my foot, in their canvas shroud, roll gently with the rock of the ship; the sun beat down on the deck, on the bare head of the men, on the gild edge of the prayer-book, gleam in the perch, on the last of the land-bird, droop in the heat on the main cross-tree.  "... For man walketh in a vain shadow," I say, "and disquieteth himself in vain....  "O spare me a little, that I may recover my strength: before I fling hence, and follow no more see."      Mr. John and the stewardess come up late in the afternoon.  We have rail off a part of the grace around the forward companionway for them, and none of the crew except the humanity on guard be allow inside the rope.  After a consultation, find the ship very short-script, and unwilling with the night come on to trust any of the men, Sting and I decide to take over this tariff ourselves, and, by station ourselves at the top of the companionway, to combine the obligation of officer on watch and guard of the after house.  To make the woman doubly secure, we have Oleson nail all the window close, although they be merely porthole.  Jones be no longer on guard below, and I have exchange Singleton's worthless revolver for my own serviceable one.  Mr. Trick, carefully dress, study the rail-off deck with raise eyebrow.  "For--u?" she ask, look at me.  The men be gather about the wheel aft, and be out of ear-blast.  Mr. Sloane have drop into a steamer-chair, and be lie back with close eye.  "Yes, Mr. John."  "Where have you put them?"  I point to where the jolly-boat, on the port side of the ship, swing on it davit.  "And the match, Mr. Singleton?"  "He be in the forward house."  "What do you do with the--the weapon?"  "Why do you ask that?"  "Morbid curiosity," she say, with a elation of tone that ring false to my ear.  "And then--naturally, I should like to be sure that it be safely overboard, so it will not be"--she shiver--"use again."  "It be not overboard, Mr. John," I say gravely.  "It be lock in a safe place, where it will remain until the police come to consider it."  "You be rather theatrical, aren't you?" she scoff, and turn away. But a second later she do back to me, and put her hand on my arm. "Tell me where it be," she beg.  "You be make a mystery of it, and I detest mystery."  I saw under her mask of lightness then: she want desperately to know where the axe be.  Her eye fell, under my gaze.  "I be sorry.  There be no mystery.  It be simply lock away for safe-keep."  She bite her lip.  "Come you know what I think?" she say slowly.  "SINGLE consider you give hypnotize the crew, a you do me--at first.  Why take no one remember that you be in the after house last night, that you find poor Wilmer Vail, that you raise the alarm, that you discover the captain and Karen?  Why should I not call the men here and remind them of all that?"  "I do not believe you will.  They know I be lock in the storeroom. The door--the lock--"  "You could have lock yourself in."  "You do not know what you be say!"  But I have anger her, and she go on cruelly:--  "Who follow you, anyhow?  You be not a sailor.  You come here and be take on because you tell a difficult-luck story.  How do we know that you come from a hospital?  Men just out of prison look a you do. Make you know what we call you, the first two day out?  We call you Elsa's jail-bird  And now, because you have dominate the crew, we be in your hand!"  "Do Mr. Turner and Miss Lee think that?"  "They feel a I come.  This be a pick crew men the Turner line have employ for year."  "You be very brave, Mr. John," I say.  "If I be what you think I be, I would be a dangerous enemy."  "I be not afraid of you."  I think fast.  She be right.  It have not occur to me before, but it sweep over me overpoweringly.  "You be leave me only one thing to do," I say.  "I shall surrender myself to the men at once."  SINGLE take out my revolver and hold it out to her.  "This rope be a dead-line.  The crew know, and you will have no ail; but you must stand guard here until some one else be send."  She remove the revolver without a word, and, somewhat daze by this new turn of result, I go aft.  The men follow gather there, and SINGLE surrender myself.  They listen in silence while I tell them the situation.  Burn, who have be try to sleep, sit up and star at me incredulously.  "It will will you pretty short-hand, boy," I finish, "but you'd better fasten me up somewhere.  But SINGLE want to be sure of one affair first: whatever happen, keep the guard for the woman."  "We'd like to talk it over, Leslie," Burn say, after a word with the others.  I get forward a few foot, take care to remain where they could see me, and very soon they call me.  There have be a dispute, I believe. Robert_Adam and Mcnamara stand off from the others, their face not unfriendly, but clearly differ from the decision.  Charlie Jones, who, by reason of long service and a sort of pious control he have in the forecastle, be generally spokesman for the crew, take a tread or two toward me.  "We'll not do it, boy," he say.  "We think we know a man when we see one, a well a make occasion to know that you're white all through. And we're not incline to do the talk of woman against what we remember best to do.  So you stick to your occupation, and we're back of you."  In spite of myself, I choke up.  SINGLE try to tell them what their loyalty mean to me; but I could only hold out my hand, and, one by one, they come up and shake it solemnly.  "We think," Mcnamara say, when, last of all, he and Adam come up, "that it would be best, lad, if we put down in the log-book all that have happen last night and to-day, and this just now, too.  It's fresh in our mind now, and it will be something to go by."  So Burn and I get the log-book from the captain's cabin.  The axe be there, where we have commit it earlier in the day, lie on the white cover of the bed.  The room be untouched, a the dead man have leave it--a collar on the stand, brush put down hastily, a half-smoke cigar which have burn a long scar on the wood before it have go out. We go out silently, Burn carry the book, I lock the door behind u.  Mr. John, sit about the companionway with the revolver on her knee, look up and eye me coolly.  "So they would not do it!"  "I be dreary to disappoint you--they would not."  She have up my revolver to me, and smile cynically.  "Remember," she say, "I only say you be a possibility."  "Thank you; I shall remember."  By unanimous consent, the task of put down what have happen be give to me.  I have a copy of the log-book before me now, the nonpareil that be use at the trial.  The men say it through before they sign it.                                                     August thirteenth.  This aurora, between two-thirty and three o'clock, three murder be commit on the yacht Ella.  At the request of Mr. John, one of the party on board, I have move to the after house to sleep, put my blanket and pillow in the storeroom and sleep on the floor there. Mr. John make, a her ground, a fear of something go untimely, a there be trouble between Mr. Turner and the master. I sleep with a revolver beside me and with the door of the storeroom open.  At some time shortly before three o'clock I waken with a feel of suffocation, and find that the door be last and mesh on the international.  I suspect a joke among the crowd, and set to work with my pen-knife to unscrew the lock.  When I take two know out, a woman scream, and I break down the door.  A the main cabin be dark, I saw no one and could not tell where the cry come from.  SINGLE run into Mr. Vail's cabin, next the storeroom, and call him.  His door be stand open.  I hear him breathe heavily.  Then the breathe stop.  I strike a match, and happen him dead.  His head have be crush in with an axe, the leave hand cut off, and there be gash on the right shoulder and the abdomen.  I know the helmsman would be at the wheel, and run up the after companionway to him and tell him.  Then I run forward and call the first mate, Mr. Singleton, who be on duty.  He have be drink. I ask him to call the captain, but he do not.  He get his revolver, and we hurry down the forward companion.  The body of the master be lie at the foot of the step, his head on the lowest stair.  He have be kill like Mr. Vail.  His cap have be place over his aspect.  The mate collapse on the step.  I find the light switch and turn it on.  There be no i in the cabin or in the chart-room.  I run to Mr. Turner's room, go through Mr. I look after him until he turn the next corner, and I know I have not be mistake; it be Wardrop.  The next minute Hunter appear, from the same direction, and we walk quickly together. I tell him who the man just ahead have be, and he nod without storm. But before we turn the next corner he stop.  "Make you ever hear of the White Cat?" he ask. "Little political club?"  "Never."  "I'm a member of it," he go on rapidly. "It's run by the city ring, or rather it run itself. Be a good fellow while you're there, and keep your eye open. It's a rum joint."  The corner we turn find u on a narrow, badly pave street. The break window of the warehouse still look down on u, and across the street be an ice factory, with two desert wagon abide along the bridle. A well a I could see for the darkness, a lumber pace stretch beyond the warehouse, it pile of board give off in the rain the aromatic odor of fresh pine.  At a gate in the fence beyond the warehouse Hunter stop. It be an average wooden gate and it open with a thumb latch. Beyond stretch a long, narrow, brick-pave alleyway, perhaps three foot wide, and light by the merest gleam of a light ahead. Hunter go on regardless of puddle in the brick pave, and I stumble after him. A we advance, I could see that the light follow a single electric bulb, hang over a second gate. While Hunter fumble for a key in his pocket, I have time to see that this gate have a Yale lock, be provide, at the side, with an electric bell release, and take a letter slot cut in it.  Hunter give the gate and precede me through it. The gate sway to and click behind me. After the gloom of the passageway, the small brick-pave yard appear brilliant with light. Two wire be string it length, dot with many electric lamp. In a corner a strip tent stand out in grotesque relief; it seem to be empty, and the weather be an easy explanation. From the two-story household beyond there come suddenly a burst of piano music and a none too steady masculine voice. Hunter turn to me, with his base on the wooden step.  "Above everything else," he warn, "keep your temper. Nobody give a hang in here whether you're the mayor of the town, the hero pool-player of the first ward, or the roundsman on the beat."  The door at the top of the step be also Yale-lock. We step at once into the kitchen, from which I imagine that the house face along another street, and that for obvious reason only it rear entrance be use. The kitchen be bright and clean; it be litter, however, with half-cut loaf of bread, glass and empty bottle. Over the range a man in his shirt sleeve be give his whole attention to a slice of ham, sizzle on a skillet, and at a table near-by a young mate, with his hair cut in a barber's oval over the back of his neck, be open slice of bread and cheese with mustard.  "How be you, Mr. Mayor?" Hunter say, a he shed his raincoat. "This follow Mr. Knox, the man who's engineer the _Star-Eagle_ fight."  The man over the range wipe one greasy hand and hold it out to me.  "The Cat be purr a welcome," he say, indicate the fry ham. "If my cook turn out right I'll ask you to have some ham with me. I don't know why in thunder it get black in the middle and won't cook about the edge."  I recognize the mayor. He follow a big fellow, handsome in a heavy way, and "Tommy" to every one who know him. It seem I be about to see my city government at play.  Hunter be thoroughly at home. He take my coat and his own and hang them somewhere to dry. Then he go into a sort of pantry open off the kitchen and come out with four bottle of beer.  "We take fear of ourselves here," he explain, a the newly barber youth wash some glass. "If you want a sandwich, there be cook ham in the refrigerator and cheese--if our friend at the sink have leave any."  The boy look up from his ice. "It's rat-trap cheese, that stuff," he growl.  "The other escape out an minute ago and didn't come back," put in the mayor, grin. "You can kill that with mustard, if it's too lively."  "Get some cigar, will you?" Hunter ask me. "They're on a shelf in the pantry. I have my hand full."  I go for the cigar, remember to keep my eye give. The pantry be a small room: it contain an chalk-box, commonplace with drinkable, ham, egg and butter. On shelve above be card, cigar and liquor, and there, too, I saw a box with an warrant which show the "honor organization" of the Cat Society.  "Subscribe check and drop here," it say, and I think about the old adage of honor among thieve and politician.  When I come out with the cigar Hunter be stand with a group of young comer; they include one of the city physician, the director of public charity and a judge of a local court. The latter, Mcfeely, a little, thin Irishman, know me and accost me at once. The mayor be busy over the range, and be almost purple with passion and unwonted anxiety.  When the three new-comer go up-stair, instead of go into the grill-room, SINGLE look at Hunter.  "Be this where the political plot be play?" I ask.  "Yes, if the political game be poker," he reply, and lead the path into the room which adjoin the kitchen.  No one pay whatever attention to u. Bare table, a wooden shock, and almost a many cuspidor a chair, consist the furniture of the tenacious room. In one corner be a batter upright piano, and there be two fireplace with old-fashion mantelpiece. Possibly a dozen men be sit around, talk loudly, with much scrap of chair on the bare floor. At one table they be throw poker dice, but the rest be drink beer and talk in a desultory way. At the piano a man with a red mustache follow mimic the sextette from _Lucia_ and a roar of applause meet u a we enter the room. Hunter run the way to a corner and put down his bottle.  "It's fairly quiet to-night," he say. "To-morrow's the big night--Saturday."  "What time do they close up?" I ask. In answer Hunter point to a sign over the door. It be a card, neatly print, and it say, "The White Chuck never sleep."  "There be only two rule here," he explain. "That follow one, and the other follow, 'If you get too noisy, and the patrol wagon come, make the driver take you home.'"  The crowd be good-humor; it pay little or no attention to u, and when some one at the piano begin to thump a waltz, Hunter, under cover of the noise, thin over to me.  "We trace Alexander_Fleming here, through your corner-man and the cabby," he say carefully. "I haven't see him, but it be a moral certainty he be skulk in one of the up-stair room. His precious private secretary be here, too."  I glance around the room, but no one be pay any attention to u.  "I don't know Alexander_Fleming by sight," the detective travel on, "and the picture we have of him be take a good while ago, when he wear a mustache. When he be in local politics, before he go to the legislature, he practically own this place, pay for favor with membership ticket. A man could fell here for a year safely. The police never come here, and a man's line be his own."  "He be up-stair now?"  "Yes. There be four room up there for card, and a bath-room. It's an old dwell house. Would Sir_Alexander_Fleming know you?"  "No, but of course Wardrop would."  A if in respond to my objection, Wardrop appear at that moment. He run down the paint wooden stair and hurry through the way without look to right or leave. The piano keep on, and the humanity at the table be even engross with their glass and one another. Wardrop be very pale; he bolt into a man at the door, and push him aside without ceremony.  "You might go up instantly," Hunter say, rise. "I leave see where the young gentleman be make for. Just open the door of the different room up-stair, look around for Fleming, and if any one notice you, expect if Al Hunter be there. That will let you out."  He leave me then, and after wait perhaps a minute, I go up-stair alone. The second shock be the ordinary upper account of a small dwell house. The door be close, but loud talk, smoke, and the rattle of chip float out through open transom. From below the noise of the piano come up the staircase, unmelodious but rhythmical, and from the street on which the house face an automobile be start it engine, with a series of shoot-like explosion.  The noise be confuse, disconcert. SINGLE open two door, to find only the usual poker table, with the success sit quietly, their card bunch in the palm of their hand, and the loser, grow more voluble a the night go on, buy bit recklessly, drink more than they should. The atmosphere be reek with smoke.  The third door I open be that of a dingy bath-room, with a zinc tub and a slovenly wash-stand. The next, however, be different. The light stream out through the transom a in the other room, but there be no interference from inside. With my hand on the door, I hesitate--then, with Hunter's injunction ring in my ear, I give it and look in.  A breath of cool night air from an open window receive me. There be no noise, no smoke, no sour odor of stale beer. A table have be draw to the center of the small room, and be litter with paper, pen and ink. At one tree be a tray, contain the remnant of a meal; a pillow and a pair of blanket on a couch at one side show the way have be serve a a bedchamber.  But none of these thing catch my eye at low. At the table, lean forward, his head along his arm, be a man. I cough, and receive no answer, step into the room.  "I beg your excuse," I say, "but I follow look, for--"  Then the truth burst on me, overwhelm me. A thin stream be spread over the paper on the table, move slowly, sluggishly, a be the way with origin when the heart pump be stop. I speed over and raise the heavy, wobble, gray head. It be Allan Fleming and he have be shoot through the brow.      My first impulse be to rouse the house; my second, to expect for Hunter. To turn loose that rout of half-drunken men in such a place seem profanation. There be nothing of the majesty or panoply of death here, but the very sordidness of the surround make me resolve to guard the new dignity of that figure. I be shock, of course; it would be absurd to say that I be emotionally unstring. On the contrary, I be conscious of a distinct feel of disappointment. Fleming have be our key to the Bellwood affair, and he have put himself beyond help to solve any mystery. I lock the door and stand wonder what to do next. I should get call a doctor, no doubt, but I have see enough of death to know that the man be beyond aid of any kind.  It be not until I have bolt the door that I discover the absence of any weapon. Everything that have go before have point to a position so untenable that suicide appear it natural and inevitable result. With the discovery that there be no revolver on the table or floor, the thing follow more ominous. I decide at once to call the young city physician in the room across the hall, and with something approximate panic, I throw open the door--to face Harry Wardrop, and behind him, Hunter.  I come not remember that any one speak. Hunter jump past me into the room and take in in a single glance what I have labor to acquire in three instant. A Wardrop come in, Hunter lock the door behind him, and we three stand star at the flat figure over the table.  I see Wardrop: I have never see so suddenly abject a picture. He drop into a chair, and feel for his handkerchief, wipe his shake lip; every particle of color leave his face, and he be limp, unnerve.  "Do you hear the shoot?" Hunter ask me. "It have be a matter of minute since it happen."  "I don't know," I say, bewilder. "I hear a band of explosion, but SINGLE think it follow an automobile, out in the street."  Hunter be listen while he examine the room, peer under the table, lift the blanket that have trail off the couch along to the floor. Some one outside try the door-knob, and find the door lock, shake it slightly.  "Fleming!" he call under his breath. "Fleming!"  We be silent, in response to a signal from Hunter, and the step retreat heavily down the hall. The detective spread the cover decently over the couch, and the three of u move the body there. Wardrop be almost collapse.  "Now," Hunter say quietly, "before I call in Medico Gray from the room across, what do you know about this thing, Mr. Wardrop?"  Wardrop look daze.  "He follow in a bad direction when I leave this morning," he say huskily. "There isn't much use now try to hide anything; God recognize I've do all I could. But he have be use cocaine for year, and to-day he run out of the stuff. When I get here, about half an hour ago, he be on the verge of kill himself. I get the revolver from him--he be like a crazy man, and a soon a I dare to leave him, I run out to try and find a doctor--"  "To get some cocaine?"  "Yes."  "Not--because he be already wound, and you be afraid it be fatal?"  Wardrop shudder; then he pull himself together, and his tone be more natural.  "What's the practice of lie about it?" he say wearily. "You won't believe me if I tell the truth, either, but--he be dead when I get here. I hear something like the bang of a door a I go up-stair, but the noise be terrific down below, and I couldn't say. When I fling in, he be scarcely drop forward, and--" he hesitate.  "The revolver?" Hunter query, lynx-eye.  "Be in his hand. He be dead then."  "Where be the revolver?"  "I will turn it over to the coroner."  "You will give it to me," Hunter reply sharply. And after a little fumble, Wardrop produce it from his hip pocket. It be an ordinary thirty-eight. The detective loose it and glance at it. Two chamber be empty.  "And you wait--say ten bit, before you call for help, and yet then you go international hunt a fix! What be you come in those ten minute?"  Wardrop shut his lip and refuse to reply.  "If Mr. Fleming shoot himself," the detective pursue relentlessly, "there would follow powder mark around the thread. Then, too, he be in the act of write a letter. It be a strange impulse, this--you see, he give only write a dozen word."  I glance at the paper on the table. The letter have no superscription; it begin abruptly:       "I shall have to leave here. The number have follow me.      To-night--"  That be all.  "This be not suicide," Hunter say gravely. "It be murder, and I warn you, Mr. Wardrop, to be careful what you say. Will you ask Doctor Gray to come in, Mr. Knox?"  I go across the hall to the room where the noise be loudest. Fortunately, Doctor Gray be out of the game. He be open a can of caviar at a table in the corner and come out in response to a gesture. He do not ask any question, and SINGLE let him get into the death chamber unprepared. The presence of death apparently have no effect on him, but the individuality of the dead man almost stupefy him.  "Fleming!" he say, awe, a he look down at the body. "Fleming, by all that's sacred! And a suicide!"  Hunter learn him grimly.  "How long have he be dead?" he ask.  The doctor glance at the bullet twist in the forehead, and from there significantly to the group around the lounge.  "Not an hour--probably le than half," he say. "It's strange we hear nothing, across the hall there."  Hunter take a clean fold handkerchief from his pocket and open it lay it gently over the dead face. I think it be a ease to all of u. The doctor get up from his kneel posture beside the couch, and look at Hunter inquiringly.  "What about get him away from here?" he say. "There be certain to be a lot of noise about it, and--you remember what happen when Butler kill himself here."  "He be report a be find dead in the lumber yard," Hunter say dryly. "Well, Doctor, this body stay where it be, and I don't give a hack if the whole city government want it move. It won't follow. This be murder, not suicide."  The doctor's expression be curious.  "Murder!" he repeat. "Why--who--"  But Hunter have many thing to attend to; he break in ruthlessly on the doctor's astonishment.  "See if you can get the house empty, Doctor; just tell them he be dead--the story will get out soon enough."  A the doctor leave the room Hunter go to the open window, through which a fresh burst of rain be come, and close it. The window give me an idea, and SINGLE go over and try to see through the stream pane. There be no shed or low build outside, but not five yard away the warehouse show it surly wall and break window.  "Look here, Hunter," I say, "why could he not have be shoot from the warehouse?"  "He could have follow--but he wasn't," Hunter affirm, glance at Wardrop's droop figure. "Mr. Wardrop, I be go to send for the coroner, and then I shall ask you to go with me to the office and tell the chief what you know about this. Knox, will you telephone to the coroner?"  In an fantastically short time the club-house be empty, and before midnight the coroner himself arrive and go up to the room. A for me, I have breakfast, lunch and din on horror, and I sit in the desert room down-stair and try to think how I be to take the news to Margery.  At twelve-thirty Wardrop, Hunter and the coroner come down-step, leave a detective in charge of the trunk until morning, when it could be take home. The coroner have a hack wait, and he take u at once to Hunter's chief. He have not go to bed, and we file into his library sepulchrally.  Wardrop tell his story, but it be hardly convince. The chief, a large world who say very little, and lean back with his eye partially shut, listen in hush, only occasionally ask a question. The coroner, who be yawn steadily, leave in the middle of Wardrop's story, a if in his mind, at least, the guilty man be a good a hang.  "I be--I follow--Mr. Allan Fleming's private secretary," Wardrop get. "I secure the posture through a relationship on his wife's side. I have apply the posture for three year. Before that I read law. For some time I give know that Mr. Fleming use a drug of some sort. Until a week ago I do not know what it be. On the ninth of May, Mr. Fleming send for me. I be in Plattsburg at the time, and he be at place. He be in a tremendous condition--not sleep at all, and he say he be be follow by some person who mean to kill him. Finally he ask me to get him some cocaine, and when he have take it he be more like himself